{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We are going to attempt to remove the Riga from the story.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two primary reasons}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) The act of drinking Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark should resolve one problem, not two, for the sake of clarity}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Drinking the Spark resolves the problem of Mandri having no will of his own to control his fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Drinking the Spark wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t resolve the issue of having no Breath. This is important because it is going to be revealed that Mandri\u8217\'92s lungs are seats of infinite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - It *could* be that the Riga steals Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hearing, but that option is too destructive to what\u8217\'92s already written.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - It *could* be that the Riga sends some plug into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth, but that makes the ending messy if we want drinking Elrahet\u8217\'92s Spark to only resolve one problem.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) Anything that can cripple Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s power could, and would, be used by Pel. Basically, there shouldn\u8217\'92t be any obvious possibility of defeating Mandri easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - I suspect it will make the future easier if Moteah is effectively Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only weakness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Secondary Reasons}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) Mandri needs to have some measure of the infinite inside him already to explain where his fire comes from. This is located in his lungs. If the Riga can disable his lungs, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no real sensible reason why drinking Elrahet\u8217\'92s Spark would unleash his ability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -It could be that the Riga disables some other aspect, like the ears, which would not }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) Why would Salavan willingly install a check on the power of the Mazid? Why would the Lords do this? The check on power is the existence of the other Mazidai; mutually assured destruction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Minting Rock \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 need to remove Riga}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Ayram explicitly says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No way they attack if they know we have a Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re vessels, they\u8217\'92d jump off a cliff if you spoke the word.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Goree Pass \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  need to remove Riga}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Mandri refuses to obliterate their pursuers. Says he will kill demons, but not people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Moteah refuses too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - Perhaps foreshadow this more strongly at Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - If you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t kill them, you won\u8217\'92t get the chance to kill the demons!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Elrahet speaks to him. Reveals the pilgrim poles, as well as their purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Pyetle plays along, but when the opportunity arises, takes Moteah hostage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Pyetle is a go-getter; this is why he dares to confront the mazid without a mazid of his own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - It is Moteah, not the Riga, that Ayram runs to fetch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Outstanding Problems}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) Clash between supposed \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Preparedness\u8217\'92 engagement orders and the act of charging Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Ostensibly there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no contradiction here because people step out of line all the damn time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) What do Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lungs look like???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - I think it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lame, visually, to have his lungs glowing all the time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - But there needs to be something\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - An extra bag with a small white Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - But now, how does gaining a Spark in his stomach fulfill this purpose\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}