{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Solraheen put his body between creation and Fabled Black he was buried under the earth. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d walked the world for one million years, protecting its beauty, and with Him out of the way it was destroyed and mere one hundred. A drought to ravaged the world above, spreading the Sand\u8217\'92s extent to every corner of the continent. For a time, the Old Jandri world persisted, but then the Ukut river dried up. With the river gone, the tribe called the Gairo could no longer sustain themselves on the Ukut plateau, and so they swept down into the Sand\u8217\'92s Middle Portion. But it was not the Gairo who ended the Old Jandri world, it was the people whom they butchered and displaced\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hrks. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Hrks wandered the Sand for one thousand years until, at last, Arnaggu led his people out of their suffering and into the Fertile Portion. Little in the way of art or architecture survived their barbarian charm. Every shrine and temple had their arches broken and their eternal flames snuffed out. It is said that the only thing that truly survived in tact was belief in Solraheen, for the Hrks could not deny what they could see with their own eyes, buried there under the crater at the mouth of the river Jek. The Hrks claimed that holy crater as their own, and inside of it they built their city, Jeket. From there, they conquered the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before the Hrks, the Fertile Portion was ruled by an Old Jandri king named Dror. To prove his dominion, Dror placed interlocking blocks of granite two-by-two-by-ten at every bend of the Jek river, and out of these grey columns he carved his long-bearded, long-robed image. The first statue built was built at the Jek\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s source, high up in the Goree mountains overlooking the Shoglok falls. Today it stands there above the crashing water and rising mist looking like a wraith, for it is sanded so smooth by erosion that no discernible feature of Dror remains. He is little more than a grey wither of stone in the general shape of a man, earless and eyeless, watching the sun and moon and stars spin overhead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Jek river descends down into the foothills where it is guarded by a spate of Drors that have been sanded into smooth, pointed pillars, more like cattle scratch posts than a filigreed statue of a king. Their heads are reduced to conical nubs, their swords worn down to the hilt. The river then pours out of the foothills and down into the brink of Hrkan civilization, where the Drors are somewhat shielded from the erosive wind but were not able to hide from the chisels of recriminate outland men. Further down the river and into on the long and winding plain, Dror\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s component blocks begin to disappear altogether, for the stones are handy materials in the building of pastoral walls. By the time one reaches the most distant city-spawn of Jeket, all that is left of Dror\u8217\'92s monuments are the enormous plinths upon which they once stood, for they are too large for herdsmen to bother with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old Jandri statues are disintegrating the nearer they come to Jeket\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there is symbolism here, unsubtle and pointed, and so of course people disagree about what it means. A Hrkan Lord would say that it is a sign of Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cleansing influence on the old world, while an outlander thinks its a sign of Hrk\u8217\'92s corrupting influence. An outland man\u8217\'92s blood yearns for that storied age when all peoples were rootless, when herds of oxen were free to be chased across the entire continent, when women wove blankets so long they could be wrapped around a village, when men were honest and would cut off their own fingers just to prove that they were sorry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both sides claim the statues of Dror as symbols of their own magnificence. Sometimes they get to killing over them. To Mandrameen, this was all a bunch of nonsense, and everyone involved was an idiot. It reminded him of the Stria which hangs in the entrance hall of the Temple Krait. This painting is large, two men tall and one wide, and in a technical sense the painting is a masterwork\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the scene overflows with silk-satin of every color, and silk-satin is a challenging material to paint because it inevitably moves, the reflections change, and so most painters make use of mannequins and glue to keep the folds still, but Stria, inspired by Solraheen, could capture its likeness without reference. The actual subject is a white-robed young man and a red-robed young woman standing in a window-lit room. Their postures seem confused, their backs are turned to each-other, yet both look over the shoulder at the other. Some say it depicts a boy preserving his honor by refusing the temptations of the young beauty, while others say it is the girl who preserves her virtue by shunning the advances of a besotted youth. The controversy has led to several murders, even though the Temple accommodates either interpretation, for the temple praises chastity above all other virtues, and surely that is the message, for the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dome can be seen in the painting, through the window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a unsubtle signal taking place between the two subjects. The girl is thrusting her thumb between two of her fingers, and the boy accepts by making a circle with this thumb and middle finger. It would seem, then, that the temple\u8217\'92s dome is no chastely crown, it is the watchful eye under which two lovers plan a tryst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Mandrameen showed these suggestive hands to a temple attendant he was told, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Young man, your mind is overwhelmed with lust.\u8221\'94 While that might have been true it didn\u8217\'92t matter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Stria was clearly intending to make a mockery of all these prudes. And it was much the same with those crumbling statues of Dror\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the pivotal detail that no one cared to notice was that most of those statues were sitting alone out in an empty desert because over the centuries the river Jek had changed its course too many times to count. The statues have nothing to do with Hrk and whether it\u8217\'92s good or bad. Their message is that nothing lasts forever, and while Mandri was sure about everything he was most sure about that. Existence is impermanence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consider the facts:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solraheen Himself was conquered. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything living dies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rivers change their course.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rivers dry up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Continents dry up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beauty fades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sex rarely lasts longer than a finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paintings brown up and curl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Statues turn to dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything living dies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth mentioning twice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once the physical world is exhausted of decay, Mandri could point to the virtual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ideas are easy to kill\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t try to argue that one. Mandri could easily slip into saying that ideas are easy to corrupt. Try and argue against that}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Innocence is famously easy to kill. In fact, that seems to be the main function of innocence, to be killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Manhood is easy to kill because it hardly exists in the first place. Same with adulthood. Same with any-hood. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re all hoods foisted upon a child, and children? Solraheen knows children are easy to kill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing lasts forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Minting Rock was another fact to add to this collection, things consigned to oblivion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Underneath it was a tunnel which led to a sunlit central well drilled straight through the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s core, and when Mandri looked up and saw a canted column of light shining down into blackness of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s interior, he was smitten with that daunting awe which only comes from contact with a long-forgotten culture. He felt, without exaggeration, that he was standing at the bottom of a broken bead cast off from the necklace of a mountain god. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He grabbed the rope which hung down into the dark, and an out of sight an Ayramun began to pull him up. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet left the floor, bounced off the stone, and soon after they kicked out into a void. Then someone lit a torch and space around him lit up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This first chamber of Minting Rock was an oblong egg shaped room with Mandri hanging out in the middle of it like an uvula. The flatter bottom fifth of this chamber was carved to look like a liquid, with a tide of concentric rings rippling down it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concave surface into cresting waves, all in miniature, all of it polished to a sheen as smooth as a Hrkan Lord\u8217\'92s table. Amidst this black stone sea were four stone demons, twice Mandri\u8217\'92s size, carved from the solid rock and holding up the ceiling, full and dynamic figures, scaled and snarling, with backs bent against the room\u8217\'92s gentle curve. Mandri might have thought them real if Hill wasn\u8217\'92t there amongst them, torch in hand, rummaging about the packs scattered around the demon\u8217\'92s feet. Despite the unparalleled quality of the craftsmanship on display, the Ayramun were treating the place as a storage space. Hill paid Mandri no mind as the hands above continued to pull Mandri upwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The second level of Minting Rock was a bulbous, cylindrical cocoon, eight men tall and five wide, illuminated by two flower-flame oil lamps affixed to either shoulder of a dark and narrow passage to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left. With such a dim glow, much of the room\u8217\'92s detail was lost to blackness, but what Mandri could see was an intricate complexity the likes of which he\u8217\'92d had never encountered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flat disc of a floor was embossed with a rotationally symmetric diamond pattern, and at the floor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edges this pattern extruded smoothly up onto the wall, flowing upwards and splitting into several ribbons of sculptural stone, a weave that criss-crossed in and out of itself creating a fantasy that coupled dazzling geometric intricacy with organic fluidity and pulse. The outer layers cast hard, shifting shadows on the layers underneath. It seemed as if the room were a cage keeping out a kaleidoscopic vision stolen from a burgeon binge and then brought to life, with the outermost layer, the bars of this cage, graduating from a swirl of diamonds into into a prickling fence of barbed thorns, and like a climbing vine they spiraled all the way up the wall and converged towards the center of the ceiling, merging into the lashes of a pyramidal eye whose iris was the open shaft which led ever upwards and into the light of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room smelled like a urinal, unwashed and foul. An unseen hand grabbed a fistful of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe in between the shoulder blades and yanked him off the rope. He was then plopped ass-first on to the richly patterned floor and the pain in his thigh reasserted itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pulled him out was Seb, and the smell was coming from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This be Minting Rock,\u8221\'94 Seb said as his near-toothless mouth squelched a borcandi spine. He was obviously an old hand at borcandi biting because he carried himself with the borcandi bent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as if his muscles were stuck in tension and had been that way for years, shoulders hunched and tight, head knocked forward, limbs all slightly bent as if he\u8217\'92d half-coiled up in fright and rusted that way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about the name,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93What }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  this place? Who made it?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb nudged Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip with the toe of his shoe, and then he shooed Mandri up against the wall with a few flaps of his fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep out of the way,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri scooted backwards against the wall and shoved his injured leg flush against against it, so that nothing of him stuck out. It was then that he noticed that Mazyd Obo was in the room with them. The lamplight hardly reached him on the far side of the room, yet his pale head out like a . He was still playing dead, but he kept one eye open, squinting out at the world. When Mandri noticed, Obo winked. \line \tab Mandri chuckled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s funny?\u8221\'94, Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s nothing\u8230\'85Nothing at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb looked over at Obo to tried and gauge the meaning of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chuckle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my leg,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93And honestly, everything else. It all ridiculous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb turned away from Obo and stared down at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blood-drunk leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The demon that bit you, what\u8217\'92d it look like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, it looked a bit like those statues down below.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri went on to describe the demon that bit him, as best as he could remember, black teeth and all. As he laid out the extent of the horror, Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s borcandi spine slowly slipped out of his lip and dropped to the floor, and when Mandri finished describing the feeling of the demon\u8217\'92s toxin squeezing his insides, Seb gulped, realized he\u8217\'92d dropped his spine, and then fumbled around in his own shadow for it. Eventually he found it, pinched that slobbery mess back up and stuffed it right back in his cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I been out here thirty somethin\u8217\'92 years,\u8221\'94 Seb said as he rolled the borcandi around his mouth with his tongue, \u8220\'93an I never seen no demon like that. Nothin\u8217\'92 nearly like a man. Demons come in all kinds\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lizard-like, beetle-like, bird-like\u8230\'85mostly small-like. Man-demons crawlin\u8217\'92 out the ground is a bad sign.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well that\u8217\'92s not the first demon I\u8217\'92ve seen like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow scrunched up and he stared down at Mandri like Mandri were a liar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bullshit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m serious,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Except this demon was a woman not a man. And I mean a straight up woman, an old woman, no scales or claws or anything, just an old woman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds like you saw an old woman then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She had fangs. I saw her tear open an ox\u8217\'92s chest and suck its Spark out its stomach. It was horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t see shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How would you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a burgeon binger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons have nothing to do with it, I saw what I saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boy, I been bludgeoning burgeons since you were in the womb, an when I see folks turn into demons I don\u8217\'92t go believin it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s admission to binging burgeons set Mandri\u8217\'92s stomach itching, because if Seb were a burgeon binger then he\u8217\'92d likely have a few bulbs in their pocket. Mandri had to stop himself from glancing. He could not, however, stop himself from asking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It sounded too desperate. Dying had quelled his bone-crave for burgeons, but there was still little hole in the pit of his stomach which food or water couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fill. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb squatted down, brought his gaunt and pitted face even with Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and like any self-respecting burgeon binger, he dodged the question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t see no woman turn into no demon"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that Seb was low the neck of his robe was yawning at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose, and the man\u8217\'92s odor was pouring out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he smelled like butter gone bad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seein\u8217\'92 one demon is seein\u8217\'92 one demon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s fine. Seein\u8217\'92 two is seein\u8217\'92 too many. It starts to look like it means somethin\u8217\'92. So don\u8217\'92t tell nobody you saw some ole bitch turn into a demon. If anyone asks, the demon that bit you is the only demon you ever seen\u8230\'85cause what you think we do to folks that\u8217\'92s friendly with demons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stood back up and wilted. Even a hard-up outland man couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t abide being found out like that. A man\u8217\'92s face could be ugly as mud, that was the world\u8217\'92s fault\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but his smell, his smell was coming from the inside and it said something about him without his meaning to. A bad smell is the one thing that can make a street-sleeper feel shame, even four days deep in a burgeon binge. A bad smell is a secret he\u8217\'92s got to keep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 Seb declared. \u8220\'93You do what you do and that\u8217\'92s what you supposed to do. That\u8217\'92s what you always goin to do, isn\u8217\'92t it? I don\u8217\'92t give a damn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tired eyes managed to impress upon Mandri his great disappointment. Of course, Mandri didn\u8217\'92t care because Seb was a nobody amongst nobodies, as irrelevant as one of Jeket\u8217\'92s crawlers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 men who beg from beggars. Mandri had a sense for these people even if they hadn\u8217\'92t yet fallen that far. There\u8217\'92s an ineffable dopiness about them, the face kind of sags, and when they talk, they talk about stupid shit and they look scared while doing it because they're worried their words will have them out. They bite hard on borcandi spines and burgeons to keep from talking. And they smell. To a man and woman, they smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A shrill whistle rang out from the oculus above. A heartbeat later, and Minting Rock was alive with the sounds Ayramun\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 footfalls echoing through the rock, shouts muffled and deepened by unseen corridors, as if a doorbell had just been rung and the household staff was flung into a muster. Hill came climbing up the well-shaft rope, body slinking up and up like a caterpillar, and without so much as nod he disappeared into the chamber above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was about to ask what was going on, when there came, sounding of the passage to his left, a chink of metal on stone repeating in time with a stride growing louder as it neared this central chamber. Mandri stared at the dim-lit passage, peered into the shadow of its throat, when suddenly Ayram burst into view, beard-jutting and wild-eyed. In his hand was a long staff of black-iron, two-heads taller than himself, barely clearing the passage ceiling. One end of this bar was cast into a sphere the size of his great fist, and the other end was a spike which bit into the polished floor as the giant marched into the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram was not alone, Moto followed him, and waddling in behind Moto was the short old witch Elrahet. She lingered there in the passage mouth, under the flickering lamps, and her dark hood cast a long, hard shadow which hid her eyes from view. Mandri watched her as she watched Ayram. There was a familiarity to her profile that he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite place, though old folks tend to all look alike even though they look nothing alike. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She caught him staring. She turned her whole hooded head towards him, slow as a , and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went fleeing at the speed of shame. It was a mere glancing exchange, and Mandri hadn\u8217\'92t seen her eyes under the black of her hood, yet he could feel her gaze stir up his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile Ayram and Moto were standing over Obo, one on either side, with Obo lost in their shadow. Moto kicked. A dull crack sounded out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no doubt another broken rib for Obo. Moto steadied himself against the wall and was about to deliver another rough kick to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest, when Elrahet told him to stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s already awake,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stepped back to let the light in, and indeed, there was Obo with his eyes open, blinking at the world around him as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d woken up into a dream. He did a good job at pretending to look surprised and even a little hurt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram had no sympathy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me how you did it,\u8221\'94 he growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo looked up at the giant, regarded him with contempt. He then said, voice hoarse, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did I do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram said nothing. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to. A man of his size, simply standing still, was enough of a statement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head dropped, as if his neck were so weak it couldn\u8217\'92t bear the burden of such a sight. He was really playing for sympathy here, but no one was biting. He said, \u8220\'93I know it can be difficult, sometimes, to draw a clear line between cause and effect, but blaming me for anything is ?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram let his iron bar slip down his fist. The fat spike hit the stone floor right next to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the one that captured me and brought me here. If I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve caused you any trouble, then you\u8217\'92ve brought it upon yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram remained silent. Mandri figured the passive threat might have been very scary, but he suspected Obo was incapable of feeling fear so he doubted it was having the desired effect. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I may take a moment to ask\u8230\'85what is it you planned to do with me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This faffing about drew a long breath and a few words from the giant. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Time is short,\u8221\'94 he said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I\u8217\'92m asking now. This could be my only chance for closure... I\u8217\'92m a curious creature. I have to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a twist of his wrist, Ayram set the iron spike to rest against Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collar bone. The weight of it almost tipped Obo over. Obo sighed, shrugged it off, and Ayram set it right back on the bone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you honestly believe that a Hrkan Lord would make a weapon as powerful as me without devising a way to track me down should I get loose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto was enduring this exchange with the same impatience of a child. He broke Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tactical silence by blurting out, \u8220\'93They can track you down to anywhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hairless brows jumped in disbelief. \u8220\'93Have you truly never heard of the Mazydariga?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had never heard of the Mazydariga, and judging by the dumbfounded expression in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, and the shrug in Moto\u8217\'92s shoulders, neither men had heard of it either. Since none of them were willing to admit to not knowing something, an uneasy silence grew between them, until Elrahet grumbled aloud and said, \u8220\'93Riga means shadow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto bent down and began to examine Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow for a sign of some obscure magic. Obo pushed him away with an elbow. \u8220\'93Not my literal shadow,\u8221\'94 he said with disdain for Moto\u8217\'92s simplicity. \u8220\'93A Mazydariga is a creature. They are grown alongside the Mazydai\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 other than that, and the fact that they are bred with the intent of hunting me down, I know nothing of them. Evidently you don\u8217\'92t either\u8230\'85and I see this foils at least one aspect of your plan\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you hoped to hide from the Hrks, but that is not possible so long as you hold onto me. I wonder, if you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 could}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  have hid, what would you have done with me?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get the boys blooded up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo sat there smiling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to fight?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very brave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neither man paid him any heed. Moto jumped onto the well-shaft rope and climbed out of sight, whilst Ayram turned to Seb, and Seb, anticipating a word from his leader, stepped forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take the boy and the Mazyd up into a haspex.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb bowed in deference as Ayram and Elrahet swept out of the chamber and back into the passage from whence they came. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s iron staff clinked against the stone as he went, though soon the sound was lost amongst the yip and din of an outland tribe preparing to fight a battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrist and yanked him to his feet, then he hurried over to Obo and made a fuss about wrapping up Obo\u8217\'92s wounds so that Mazyd blood wouldn\u8217\'92t taint his person. Once Obo was swaddled up tight in his own ragged robe, Seb picked him up and carried him under-arm like a freshly-wrapped package of cheese. He then disappeared into the dark passage, then popped back out and motioned for Mandri to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri followed Seb into the yawning passage, limping fiercely, steadying himself against the sculptured stone, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up!\u8221\'94 Seb cried as he doubled back and took ahold of Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist. He pulled Mandri towards a sputtering lamp whose light flooded up a chubby set of curling stairs. Ascending these put an odd twist in Mandri\u8217\'92s mental map of the place, and it became difficult to maintain a sense of where he was within the of the rock. There was almost no light, and he was shoved through so many dark and twisting passages that all he knew for certain was that he was moving away from the center. Every new chamber and corridor became more cluttered and cramped, and the stonework less polished and more rough\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the walls were still sculpted into an otherworldly weave but Mandri\u8217\'92s fingers could feel an inattention to thickness and edge. It was clumsy work, clumsy in comparison to what he\u8217\'92d seen in that central shaft. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri got to thinking, after bumping his head on an absurdly low door frame, that whoever had carved out this rock had perhaps carved out too much of it. From the outside, Minting Rock already looked unstable, like a god-sized bliggu nut standing tip-toe on it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stubby stem. Unless Old Jandri tribesmen were as learned as royal Hrkan architects in the art of stressing stone, the whole thing was bound to fall apart. The further out Mandri went, the more slapdash the passages and rooms became. By the time he saw a slit of blue sky though an embrasure, his toes and fingers were stumbling upon stress cracks in the floors and walls. Once, in this dusty dark, he bumped his shoulder against an unworked wooden beam that arched over his head and he could swear he saw the floor above buckle and sag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was pushed into a long and narrow room, long enough for him to lay down in and too narrow, almost, to turn around. This closet had access to outside air through a stippled pattern of finger-sized holes bored into the far wall. The sun didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shine directly through them, so these pinpricks of day sat on the black rock wall illuminating nothing, like a constellation of stars. They composed an Old Jandri pattern\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a simple, eight-flamed sun. It was the traditional symbol of Solraheen, before the Hrks built Jeket on top of him and put their own sign, an eight-fold compass rose, in the middle of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb elbowed Mandri into this shoulder-squeezing closet, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when the room\u8217\'92s defining quality hit him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 though the air outside was a breath away, the air inside was thick with a foul smell, sweet and horrible, cloying, as if a mound of peaches had been left to putrefy in some dark corner. Mandri gagged, clutched at his nose, and when the spicy bitterness stung his tongue like rancid burgeon bile he spat and choked. It was ten times worse than what he\u8217\'92d whiffed of Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He thought, at first, that this was some kind of prayer room and that the smell was put here to trigger his spiritual impulse, because that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what prayer room incense was supposed to do. He didn\u8217\'92t entertain the thought that this scent was meant to mask a fouler smell until he reached out into the dark to steady himself, and instead of slapping against rock, his fingers sank into something that felt curiously like skin. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He yelped and recoiled. A shock of fright ran through him as he bounced into the opposite wall where his other hand brushed up against dried and bony limb. He yelped again, and prayed fast that Solraheen would adjust his eyes to the darkness. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have pulled out his own Spark out to see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb slapped the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your hands to yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s in here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb pushed Mandri towards the stipple-pricked sigil of Solraheen, and Mandri caught himself against this blessed wall. He sniffed the air, and now that his nose was curious it found out the tang of rotting flesh being smothered by incense smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned to protest his new accommodation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sit down and be quiet,\u8221\'94 Seb commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Mandri could frame his dissent, a dark shape flew towards him and crashed into his stomach. He wheezed, went sprawling against the wall and sank down to floor. He fumbled around in the dark and squealed in disgust when his thumb poked through a stiff and gristly cloth and dove into something with the consistency of fire-crusted jelly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just plumbed his thumb into Obo\u8217\'92s stumped thigh. He didn\u8217\'92t realize it until Obo\u8217\'92s airy laugh came giggling out from under his armpit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get off me!\u8221\'94 Mandri shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hardly can,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m wrapped up tight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri picked Obo up, easy to do because Obo was almost as light as two-year old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put me down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop wiggling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not, you\u8217\'92re shaking me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no where to put you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quit your talkin,\u8221\'94 Seb said, casually annoyed. \u8220\'93And stop touchin shit. This is a sacred place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandi didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to get slapped so he shut up and stuffed Obo in between his good right leg and the wall. He had to bunch himself up closer to the other side and that was a dicey proposition, because something dead was resting there and he didn\u8217\'92t want his wound rubbing up against it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A diffuse glow of lamplight came acreeping up corridor wall from behind Seb. Seb spun around and there was the girl Purl, standing in the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance, looking like she\u8217\'92d just picked herself up from rolling down a dune, robes sandy as a sandflea, with a puff of bedraggled hair sprouting out like weedbush from a wide black bandanna. The red kell oil smeared on her face made picked up the warm light and made it seem as if her cheeks were scraped of skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had almost forgotten she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d existed. He recalled her screaming at Obo to kneel back in that pit cave a day or two before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She peered around Seb at Mandri, as if looking for him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move,\u8221\'94 she said to Seb. Seb begrudgingly stepped out of the room to give her the space to enter. As she did, the oil-dish lamp she held before her splayed its light out onto the room\u8217\'92s interior, bringing this haunting \u8216\'91closet\u8217\'92 to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cut into the black rock walls were coffin-sized slits, three on either side, stacked one above the other. Inside each of these, resting in a peaceful repose, was a corpse, each in a different stage of decomposition, and each naked as come from the womb, and all of them, as far as Mandri could tell, were giant men, Ayram-sized men, with beards black and grey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The corpse the light lit clearest was as black and shriveled as a grape weeks fallen from the vine. It was impossible to say for certain how long that body had been laying there, for an unbothered corpse in the Sand could last an age, but cloistered away in Minting Rock, sheltered from the wind and abrasion, Mandri figured that a corpse could last for as long as Solraheen willed it. That body could be as ancient as the world itself\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85only, ancient corpses don\u8217\'92t smell\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at least Mandrameen didn\u8217\'92t think they did. At least one of these graves had to be recently inhumed. Probably, it was the first one he\u8217\'92d touched\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 middle hole on the right hand wall. From what he could see of that corpse, it didn\u8217\'92t seem particularly fresh, though from his position on the floor he could only see bits and pieces\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a dessicated hand with purple-black fingers, shadows licking at a dry, pruned up shoulder, all of it frosted by a layer of dust. Nothing fresh about it. No hint of bloat, no tar-like iridescence of fresh rot that might explain the smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Mandri looked down and saw the spreading rot in his own leg and he wondered if the smell was coming from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl set her lamp down in a shallow recess carved for the purpose, waist-high up the wall to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left. With her other arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her handless arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was clutching a basket of mentionables close to her chest, and this she set on the floor at Mandri\u8217\'92s feet. She squatted down and began to unload it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 first out was a puffy square of grey wool folded into itself. Next was a bundle of damp leaves knotted at the stems. Then came a stone mortar which tinked against the floor. Last came three small alabastron jars that were packed to the brim with waxy substances, one yellow, one red, and one white. Purl hesitated with these, treated them more gently than the rest. Once all all these things were arrayed out before her, she handed the basket back to Seb, who tucked it mindlessly into one of the corpsedens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see the bite,\u8221\'94 she said to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri drew up his robe, leaned onto his right ass cheek, and rolled his wounded thigh into the light. The poultice was looking especially wrinkled and sloppy, hanging half off. Purl eyed the dark veins in his leg with a keen interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you look at that,\u8221\'94 she muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was now standing behind her, hovering over her shoulder, chewing on a fresh borcandi spine. He was munching right by her ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re blocking the light,\u8221\'94 Purl snipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb moved back, then cleared his phlegmy throat and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t do anything yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This needs to be cured. Now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to question him first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two can talk while I\u8217\'92m working.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl pulled a thumb-sized pestle from her ruddy robes and she dolloped a two-finger-dip of each of the three waxes into her mortar. Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s one good hand wasn\u8217\'92t used to doing two things at the same time, so each time she clawed wax from a jar, the jar slid and teetered on its base, and each time she had to catch it, her left arm hanging in the air like a useless friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said stop,\u8221\'94 Seb pecked. \u8220\'93Only fix him up if he talks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to do this now or there will be permanent changes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl peeled back the old poultice from Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg to reveal the black wound underneath. It was an awful sight, smothered over with that mucky paste, but Mandri was more concerned with Purl\u8217\'92s choice of words. It would have made more sense for her to say that his leg risked permanent damage. Permanent Change? His mind immediately leapt to a\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was bit by a demon, so that must mean he was turning into a demon. And it was easy, in this light, to see things that might not really be there, the festering skin around the wound might not be turning into a scaly lizard hide. He was suddenly in want of a mirror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he goes permanent, he goes permanent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you for the insight,\u8221\'94 Purl said dryly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going permanent?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, and Purl\u8217\'92s dark eyes flicked up and met his. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about it,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you mean by permanent changes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb crowded back into the light, slurped up his saliva, then said, tongue swimming under the consonants, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She say on\u8217\'92t worry ih.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl pushed Seb back with a miffed look and then set herself back to mixing the medicine in the mouth of her mortar. She poured a fingerfull of water from her personal waterskin into it, finger-swirled it around with the wax, then plucked three leaves and dropped them onto the swimming globs of color. She began to knead it all into a paste. Mandri watched with eager intent, and so did Obo. Obo leaned over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs, trying to peer into the mixture, but since he was hardly more than a ribcage swiveling on hips, \u8216\'91leaning\u8217\'92 was a chancy thing. Mandri had to catch him to keep him from tipping over, and this commotion interrupted Purl\u8217\'92s rhythmic flow. She stopped kneading and gave Obo the same miffed look she\u8217\'92d given Seb a moment before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought wax was insoluble in water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must not be wax,\u8221\'94 said Purl, and she resumed smashing the bits of leaves down into the sopping goop. By now the colors were beginning to mix, turning a greenish shade of brown that looked nearly black in the lamplight. Obo was polite enough to wait until she was finished to ask, \u8220\'93Would you mind if I tasted it?\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The disgust in Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was absolute, with thin lines wearing deep furrows in her forehead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 evidently this disgust was a look she wore often. Most outland women end up with rumpled foreheads, and it\u8217\'92s not just from squinting at the sun. From first blood they\u8217\'92re fighting wars of aggravation against outland men. The difference here was that the nuisance at hand was a Mazyd, not a man, and he wasn\u8217\'92t rebuffed in the usual way. His eyes were bright, expecting entertainment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb crowded once more into the light. In his hand was a knife with a blade as long as the string of spit which dangled down from his lip. He handled the knife playfully, limp-wristed, swinging it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s long blade in and out of his own cast shadow. Twice, the handle threatened to slip out of his seemingly careless fingers and Mandri flinched, but If Obo was concerned about the blade slicing into his stomach, he didn\u8217\'92t show it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb swallowed back the flood in his mouth and said to Obo, with a little more diction, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like listenin to you talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo remained unstirred, even as Seb pointed the knife straight at his nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I have some things to say.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This drew a gurgling hiss from Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You killed good people in those hills,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They might have been. But I didn\u8217\'92t have time to establish that as they were shooting arrows at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An you were shootin\u8217\'92 fire at them.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can hardly blame me for acting in self-defense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Self }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 defense}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Seb mocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. I could have killed you, but I didn\u8217\'92t. I had every chance, but you were no threat to me, hiding under that bush.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 hiding}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Seb seethed. He was bending over now, with his blade near enough to Obo\u8217\'92s cheek to kiss it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no need to justify a cowardly act,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I would have done much the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flashed thunder and his jaw went stiff. He pulled back, pulled the knife away, and somehow the distance was even more threatening, for he seemed all the more likely to snap in anger and pounce.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean to offend you,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93In a way, to call a man cowardly is to pay him a compliment. Coward-}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ly }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 means }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a coward, but it implies that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re most definitely not a coward\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not in essence. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a coward, but not a coward. You, Seb, are the most cowardly man I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bluntness of Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s insult nearly knocked the borcandi spine from Obo\u8217\'92s cheek. That would have been the third time the juicy had dropped, the man simply didn\u8217\'92t have enough teeth to keep it nestled, because he was chewing it in the , keeping half of it dry and hanging off the lip so the whole thing lasts longer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, you\u8217\'92re blocking the light again.\u8221\'94 Purl sat back in the folds of her robe. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you have something better to be doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb sipped a breath and twirled his blade about in little circles as he tried to think of a reply. Mandri could tell that he was not a man who could leave a conversation without feeling like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d won it, and when a man\u8217\'92s not got the gift of wit, a knife will often do. Thankfully, a shout for Seb came echoing out from the corridor behind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Count your blessings,\u8221\'94 said Seb, and though the words were meant for Obo, it was Purl who whispered thanks to the heavens when Seb left to heed the call.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Free from distraction, Purl set again to her work. She unfolded the woolen square to make a pocket which she then packed full with the dark goo from her mortar. She even scraped the bottom of the mortar to make sure she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left no leavings. Obo interrupted her concentration by saying, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to introduce myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl rolled her eyes and did not respond. Mandri had keep Obo from opening his mouth again by saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, stop.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You call it Obo?\u8221\'94 Purl asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s his name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You share names with a Mazyd?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been talking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl cradled the poultice wrap with her good hand, then plopped it paste-down right on the Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wound. A cold goo shocked his leg and almost stunned the rest of him into . He was surprised to find that the pain had dulled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, thanks for that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would you and a Mazyd have to talk about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, we\u8217\'92ve been scheming an escape. See, the reason why he wants to introduce himself is because he wants to figure out how he can use you to, you know, scheme out a better escape. The more he knows the better he can manipulate you. That\u8217\'92s what he\u8217\'92s been doing with me. He\u8217\'92s a schemer. I mean, look at him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both he and Purl looked at Obo, who was trying a little too hard to look innocent. But just like any old human not worn into the ways of deceit he cracked and had to resort to simple denial. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  true.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He also told me he never lies, so you know that means he lies all the time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is not true either. He manipulates my words.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl interrupted by standing up in a huff. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t give a damn about whatever is going on here.\u8221\'94 Her eyes flicked to the ends of the unwrapped poultice. \u8220\'93Tie it up yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that, she left the room, leaving Mandri alone with Obo, who was .  It the first real emotion he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expressed, aside from mild amusement. Obo\u8217\'92s face was not suited for it. The Mayzd looked like a puppet trying on a cltoh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that!?\u8221\'94 he exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was trying to earn her trust.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would earn her trust by betraying mine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would prove yourself trustworthy by being untrustworthy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri set to wrapping the ends of the poultice around his leg. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we want her to tell us what is going on, then we\u8217\'92ve got get her to lower her guard, and the best way to do that is to be honest. Honesty is disarming. You should try it sometime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honesty requires discretion, otherwise it causes more problems than it solves. That\u8217\'92s doubly true with people as superstitious as these.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what I\u8217\'92m doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But she left the room!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You pushed her out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was you. She hates you. Obo, they all hate you. They\u8217\'92re not ever going to talk to you, and because of that, we\u8217\'92ve got to get them to talk to me, and to do that, they have to trust me. If that means they trust you less, so be it. What\u8217\'92s the harm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood softened. Calms down. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t blame you for not knowing this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s my fault for not telling you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but this girl reacts extremely negatively to anything that doesn\u8217\'92t reek of kindness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kindness?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anything that\u8217\'92s harsh, or argumentative, or loud, it puts her off. Any hostility is going to make her get up and leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could you possibly know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That girl is my Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Open up my robe at the chest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m wrapped up tight so I can\u8217\'92t do it, so you do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri carefully pulled Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe open to reveal a scar running down the Mazyd\u8217\'92s sternum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see the scar?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw earlier,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he pulled to robe closed again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Purl who cut me open. Then she chopped off her own hand and buried it in my chest. As we speak, her fingers are gripping my heart. She has bound me to her will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Her hand is inside your chest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo nodded, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve only had one other Minder\u8217\'92s will coursing through my veins, and he was as hard a man as ever lived, so believe me when I tell you that I know what a will without kindness feels like\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Purl is different. I can feel her cringe at the mere thought of two people angling at eachother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had a hard time processing Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words because he couldn\u8217\'92t get past the image of a human hand squeezing the Mazyd\u8217\'92s heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85that\u8217\'92s interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As far as Purl is concerned, the key for her is kindness. In truth, I bear some of the blame for scaring her off because of how I dealt with Seb, but I expected Seb to respond more positively to hostility.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kindness, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kindness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, that word doesn\u8217\'92t mean what you think it means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If kindness means how one kind treats its own, then shouldn\u8217\'92t kindness mean hateful and selfish? Because on average, people are more likely to hate each other than love, aren\u8217\'92t they? Kindness means hostility, that\u8217\'92s how is. A kind person is a selfish, hostile person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would that mean, then, that an unkind person is a loving, caring person?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. An unkind person is an unreasonably hostile person. There is no such thing as a loving, caring person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, you\u8217\'92ve spent too much time biting burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92m wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re distracted. We\u8217\'92re far afield from the problem at hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about, we\u8217\'92re right on point. If we want to manipulate these people, we\u8217\'92ve got to agree on how to go about doing it. If you tell me to be kind to someone, I\u8217\'92m going to be kind, but I have the a different, more correct, understanding of the word so we might be miscommunicating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, there is a column of Hrkan Skelsi marching this way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what Ayram was pissed about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll be here in less than half a hand. When they get here, they\u8217\'92re going to slaughter us all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile grew wide as he said \u8216\'91slaughter\u8217\'92, and his eyes settled into an easy gleam as if he were happy about it. He didn\u8217\'92t have long to enjoy it, because soon after he said in surprise, \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re actually here already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Indeed, his words heralded the deep and yawning howl of the Hrkan horn of war. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BWEEEEeeeeeee-ooooooooooooooooommmm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sound shook the wall against Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back while the rest of Minting Rock was sent a-stirring with the yips and hollers of the Ayramun barking their excitement like they were a skulk of foxes. Mandri worked through his bewilderment to stand up, pushing himself up against the narrow walls, doing so carefully to not bother his leg, all so that he cold turn and look through one of the small holes in the exterior wall behind him. He couldn\u8217\'92t see much, but there, sure enough, set against a field of red-orange sand was a white-robed column of men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well I think this proves my point,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93People don\u8217\'92t march around like that to help out widows and orphans, do they? That, here, is true kindness on display.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unfortunately, Mandri, you\u8217\'92ll be taking your correction to the grave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not necessarily.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thirteen Ayramun against seventy-five Skelsi is long odds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s got to count for at least twenty. And this rock is practically a fortress. It\u8217\'92s got murder holes. What are the Hrks going to do, lay siege? Out here in the desert?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I honestly don\u8217\'92t know, but I\u8217\'92m sure they have a plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve also got you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No we don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on, Obo. You know I\u8217\'92ve never actually seen a Mazyd spit Mazydfire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you likely never will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re just going to sit there and let them come and kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought we were friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, if you open your mouth and blast those Hrks to Shis, I will wash your feet with\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any feet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll wash your nubs with the richest blueseed oil that I can find. I\u8217\'92ll make it myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened to the Mandri who said he\u8217\'92d rather be dead than here amongst the living?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo sighed and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let us simply enjoy our time together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to sit back down and revel in a final moment. He wanted to watch a battle unfold. He\u8217\'92d never seen one before.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d once seen an alley fight with ten men, six against four, a dispute over some patch of land out in the country.  The six outnumbered the four, but if you only took raw bulk into consideration, the four had the upper hand. Elbows cracked skulls and there was a lot of blood, but it wasn\u8217\'92t a proper battle. It was more of a skirmish. Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t sure where the line was between a skirmish and battle was, and he hoped that these proceedings could shed some light on the matter. Maybe seventy-five against just thirteen, that was still a skirmish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri was about to ask Obo his opinion, when a shrill and steady whistle sounded out from the Hrkan column and pierced his thoughts, pushing out all other concerns. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was not a sound that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever heard. It was a metallic, tinny tone that quivered like a strandtail\u8217\'92s warble, only it was ten times louder and harsher than the shriek of a hawk. The sound cut through the rock so clearly that its source might as well have been in the room. It was an ear-splitting pain for Mandri, but to Obo it was doing something stranger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mazyd had fallen over onto his side and was squirming. His eyes were rolling around in their sockets, twitching and turning as if a worm were rolling around his ocular nerve. The whistling jumped to a higher pitch and Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole body began to convulse. Mandri reached out to keep Obo\u8217\'92s head from thumping against the stone, but before he could do anything to help, Obo\u8217\'92s stomach wretched, his chest heaved, and a dim blue formless ember shot out from his mouth, leaving his body limp and lifeless. The strange light hovered just above Obo\u8217\'92s lips for the briefest spell, long enough for Mandri to see it as a Spark, and then the whistling shifted its register again, higher still into a pitch reserved for animal spirits, and the blue ember shot right towards Mandrameen\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri ducked out of the way just as the ember whizzed past his neck, its energy scorching his skin as it went. It zipped on to punch a hole the size of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fist into the rock behind him. Mandri spun around in time to watch it fly up into the air. He lost sight of it for a moment against the bright midday sky, then found it again as it dove towards the distant column of Hrks. As it fell, the whistling fell to a drowning timbre, until, with a flash, the light and the whistling were snuffed out altogether, as if swallowed up by a figure at the head of the Hrkan column\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a figure much shorter than the rest and robed in black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears could recover their tuning, the Hrkan horn of war sounded again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BWWWEEEEeeee-oooooooo00000000000.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The deep bellow shook Mandri out of his skin. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard the horn once already, but this time, this time he knew the horn was blowing for him. Terror welled up in his gut. He could see the column clearly now through this hole-punch window, and as the Hrks marched they flattened out into a solid square. A command was barked and the soldiers quickened their advance, bracing their white, oblong shields up against the rain of arrows that was sure to come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twenty paces later, and Mandri heard the twang of bows and phhht of arrow fletchings brushing up the air all around him. Ten paces later, and a hail of black darts fell upon the hide of that onrushing Hrkan square. Most of the arrows bounced harmlessly off it, but some snuck in between the scales, marked here and there by the sudden tumbling of one of the Hrkan number, each followed by a chorus of triumphant hollering as several Ayramun took credit all at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These little victories did nothing to slow the Hrkan advance. Every gap opened by the felling of one soldier was closed in rhythmic time, and when at least it was clear that they would not scatter and flee, the hollering of the Ayramun twisted into a stressed and worried . The Ayramun sprinted from room to room, trying to find a better angled hole to fire upon their target, sometimes crashing into eachother, breaking whole bundles of arrows and spilling insults.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb rushed by Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hole, then came back, noticing the fresh new vantage in the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move out of the way!\u8221\'94 he shouted as ran in. He kicked Obo\u8217\'92s lifeless body to the side, then squatted down and started firing arrows down at the marching men, who were close enough now that their faces could be seen peering over their shields.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb fired his arrows with ruthless efficiency, but judging by the stream of curses that followed ever shot he was missing his mark. Each time his shooting angle shifted lower towards the ground, until at last.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not being able to see what was going turned Mandri into an anxious wreck. He knew the Hrkans would be at the rock soon, but what they would do, how many the Ayramun would kill, how . Then Mandri heard a noise which froze his sold.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chink-TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 Seb wondered aloud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounded like a chisel,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chink-TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went wide in alarm. Then he shoved Mandri aside and leapt back into the tunnels. Mandri made to follow, but Seb stopped him with a shove on the shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri began to argue, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If there\u8217\'92s a way out-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up and stay put!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri scurried back to the hole in the wall and tried his best to make sense of the situation. Directly below was a bevy of upturned shields, in the center of each, the gold-eyed Hrkan sun, looking up at him with dumb indifference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TINK-TINK-TINK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The chiseling was getting louder, faster. Following close behind were the first roars of Hrkan men possessed by the spirit of battle. Somewhere far below, in Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance well, limbs were getting hacked to pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then came another loud crack and the whole of Minting Rock lurched. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stumbled but caught himself as the sound of crunching rock echoed around like the peal of distant thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CRRRCKKKKkkkk-krrrk-kkkkkk-k.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once the sound fell out, all was silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were no shouts of struggle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No chiseling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No clash of sword on shield or bowstring slapping against a bracer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seemed as if even the fleas in the sand had paused their ceaseless war on the living to study the omen which had just flown through the air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CHINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sound of the chisel again, and A long, jagged crack exploded into the floor of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s burial chamber. Minting Rock lurched again, and the dust of ages shook loose from the ceiling, as if the room above had been hammered by Solraeen\u8217\'92s fist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93Obo, we\u8217\'92d better leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another jolt shook the room, and the crack in the floor opened wider. Mandri shuffled away just as a thunderous boom sent the crack darting across the whole length of the room, fracturing the chamber in two. A eyeblink later and the chamber\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole left side slid down an inch before coming to a rest on some new fault in the foundation far below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, fear pulsing in chest, yanked one of the aged corpses out its resting place and tossed it onto the ground. He then grabbed Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limp body and threw the Mazyd into the now unoccupied grave. He pushed Obo as far towards the back as he could, stuffing him in like a robe into a drawer, and then Mandri crawled in alongside him. The very moment that Mandri tucked in his legs, the opposite wall started to collapse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first thing to go was Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clay oil lamp. It jostled loose from its perch and smashed onto the floor, splashing licks of oil and flame about the room. Then the wall behind it shook, and the seams in the ceiling burst, shooting a jet of smoke into the room, flooding Mandri\u8217\'92s grave with dust, obscuring the air so completely that Mandri could only hear the hail of stone crashing down. What he did see, a moment later, after wiping the dust from his eyes, was the awesome sight of Minting Rock split in half like a geode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before he cold even register his shock, the opposite half began to fall away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haunting screams split the air as those Ayramun stuck on the wrong side of this split-open stone grasped their impending doom. Three men, on the floor above Mandri, jumped across to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, but below, a ragged, fear-stricken man straddled the half-shorn wall of what once was a tunnel. Mandri watched in terror as the man rode the undone structure down into a billowing cloud of dust, crying a prayer up to Solraheen as he went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri closed his eyes against the deafening crash, and the air came alive with a thundering and squealing stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lord, our Lord,\u8221\'94 Mandri prayed. It was the start of a daily prayer, but the rest of the words, Mandri had long forgotten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He opened his eyes again, and peered down at the chaos from his blessed perch. The floor was completely gone, and in its place was a swirl of rust-colored smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, as the smoke lifted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A swarm of white Hrkan cloaks far below, some moving the crumble of black rock, some deathly still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then some of the black rocks moved\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these were the Ayramun in their dark, dusty rags.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A yell rang out and the two sides rushed each other. Once again, the battle was joined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri back into his hole\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no clear way to get down, not that he wanted to get down. He was happy to be stuck up in his high hole. No matter who won down below, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be safe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chink-TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chink-TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The chisel was alive again. Whatever demon had fell the first half was not finished, and this time Mandri could feel the chisel strokes resonate all through the rock. He curled up in that grave, wrapped his head in his hands and tried to shut out the, because he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to hear or see anything of. That poor Ayramun cut such a pathetic figure. But the tinny tink of the chisel was still there. , his sense of equilibrium remained, and it screamed bloody murder as his half of Minting Rock began to tilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first it was only a slight shifting as the rock swayed away from the melee down below. Then a loud clap of snapping rock sounded out, and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perch swayed precariously back the opposite direction. He scrambled to grab hold of something, to stop himself from spilling out of his hole and into the open air, and just as his hip began to slide, a thunder of faulting of joints burst up from below, and a puff of smoke shot up behind it. The whole terrifying thing swayed away yet again, before settling into an unstable, precipitous tilt. What was left of Minting Rock dithered there, letting the dread get nice and settled in the belly of Mandri\u8217\'92s mind, until, at last, there came a shattering CRACK, and the structure began to fall. Mandri braced himself in that half-shorn tomb and to him it seemed the horizon was falling out of the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whole structure rolled onto its back like a freshly halved melon. Mandri could do nothing but look to the sky and feel useless. If there were clouds they would have been zipping by, but there was only the atmosphere, that gradient of blue shifting into a deeper blue, and for the first time ever, Mandri noticed that the desert sky is a bluer blue than any other. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have time to wonder why that was, for amid the rush and tumble, his sight was swallowed up by a cloud of black-red dust and a suffocating blur of sand and stone. Before Mandri could fully realize the horror of being buried alive, the rock grave cradling him snapped open, and the bottom sprung loose like a tensioned lever, catapulting him into the air. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri flew like a dart a few yards above surface the earth. He flew like that demon woman Pell flown at his ox, Gil. Such was his speed that he smashed right through the brambles of a karkle bush before tumbling into a ragdoll skip along the surface of the hot orange sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he finally came to a stop, he found himself half buried in a fledgling dune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And he was alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He pulled himself free from the sand, spit some of it out of his mouth, coughed a bit of dust out of his lungs, then rubbed his eyes open, surprised to see that his scrawny self was still well-put-together. The shoulder which had borne the brunt of impact wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even scratched. There weren\u8217\'92t any bones sticking out, at least. And while the demon bite on his leg was still smarting, Purl\u8217\'92s poultice was still knotted tight. Everything else was where it was supposed to be. The only thing that really hurt was the left side of his face, which had bit into the sand when he landed. Still, that was nothing. Considering everything, that was nothing. He\u8217\'92d been tossed almost fifty yards and was no worse for wear. Meanwhile, the crumbling mound of rubble that once was Minting Rock was coated in death and dust. He knew that he\u8217\'92d survived in the luckiest way. It was a miracle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In truth, it was a miracle coming after a string of miracles. By rights he should be dead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dead three times over. In Meskalim, Salavan had choked to death, and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come back from that. He\u8217\'92d been chewed up by a demon, and just happened to be traveling with a woman who knew how to cure it. And now he\u8217\'92d survived a fall from a height that should have squished him flat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here he was, alive and breathing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh,\u8221\'94 Mandri grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked up at the bright blue sky and blinked at the sun. That was the closest he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever gotten to outright praising Solraheen. Perhaps this little would have drawn out a word, if weren\u8217\'92t for the fact that Hrkan skelsi was creep up behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Die, you rangy lizard!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri turned and saw a mustachioed man in a sparkling white robe running at him with his blade drawn high. Despite the look of fury and rage twisting this soldier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t frightened. Actually, he felt a confidence brewing. If he was supposed to be dead three times over, then what was a fourth?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He held up his hands and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I surrender!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soldier stopped his sprint and seemed pleased to hear it. He stomped to where Mandri knelt with a proud curve to chest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My luck I should catch a coward,\u8221\'94 he said. He held a shining iron sword towards Mandri\u8217\'92s neck and beckoned with its tip for Mandri to stand up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stood up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walk,\u8221\'94 said the soldier, and he pointed with his sword in the desired direction, towards a detachment of white cloaked soldiers standing some thirty yards away from the cloud of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s still settling rubble. These Hrks stood shoulder to shoulder, watching the crumbling death of Minting Rock as if it were something they\u8217\'92d seen every other day, and maybe they had. They were big bearded men, clearly a group selected for their size and intimidating stares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri cringed as his captor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword prodded the small of his back, and he began to walk towards the Hrkan line. As he walked, the squealing stone of Minting Rock settled into it\u8217\'92s final resting place. Soon, the air was again alive with the clamor of battle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  breathless shouts of fury, metal clanging against metal, a staccato burst of excited yips, punctuated here and there by cries of agony\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those who\u8217\'92d survived the falling rock were intent on }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first actual figure to pop out of the lifting smoke was Moto. The Zosan was crouching atop a tall, slanted chunk of former floor, and with one hand he steadied himself, and with his sword he deftly waved off three Hrkan blades swiping at his ankles. Then Purl came scrambling out from a hole in the nearby rubble and sprinted further into the swirling cloud of dust. Two Hrkan cloaks sprinted after her, but both came suddenly to sudden, fluttering stops after something slammed into their chests\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a bone-crunching WHUMP. The two men collapsed to the ground, and standing over them was Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The giant was so caked in black-red dust that he looked like a creature borne from the Sand. The upper part of his black robe was hanging in tatters over his waistband like it were half-molted skin, and his long black hair, freed from his hood, was sweeping his shoulders clean as he twirled his long, blackened iron bar like it were as light as a reed. He spun it around and smashed its knobby end right through skull of one of the fallen Hrks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The blood-crunch was so loud that Mandri almost tripped. The four other Hrkan men surrounding Ayram were as startled. They kept their shields up and screamed curses at the giant who had slain their comrade with such foul. Ayram swung his spud bar in a swooping arc, and all discipline went to Shis as the iron crunched through the shield arm of one Hrk, and the chisel-head sliced through the face of another. The rest of the hapless soldiers charged and stabbed, but such was Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s speed that he spun his bar around in time to brush the swords right out of their hands. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each soldier in turn jumped back to avoid the next blow which already half-way back around. One of them picked up a rock and threw it at Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, and before Mandri could see how Ayram dealt with it, he felt another sharp prodding in his back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on!\u8221\'94 The soldier behind him shouted. The man was evidently unconcerned about his comrade\u8217\'92s battle. He was more interested in getting Mandri to the Hrkan line. So impatient was he, that he took Mandri by the wrist, upped the pace to a jog, and yanked a distracted Mandri along behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When they got to the Hrkan detachment the soldier threw Mandri down into the sand, then set the cold edge of his blade on the back of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck to keep his head bowed in obeisance. The man then pounded his chest twice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the standard Hrkan salute\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and in the bark of a well-drilled soldier he declared, \u8220\'93My lord, I\u8217\'92ve found another skulking bandit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lord to which he was speaking was a boy robed in black\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at least, Mandri took him for a boy as he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only managed a glimpse. Once Mandri had overcome the fear of the steel his neck to regard his , he was stunned to see that standing in front of him was no mere boy, but a creature crafted by the Hrks\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 white and hairless as Obo and so short that Mandri, kneeling, met him eye to bloodshot eye. Shielding this creature\u8217\'92s nose and mouth was a smooth iron plate riveted onto a leather band that was strapped tight around its head. It was a strange sort of muzzle, with only a small beveled hole for sipping air, and, presumably, for whistling, for no doubt this was the Mazydariga who had just whistled Obo\u8217\'92s Spark into its own stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The Hrkan Lords were fleshcrafters whose works could rival the perversions of Shis\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or so it was rumored\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and no doubt some painful twisting of anatomy was hidden under that Mazydariga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s muzzle, and no doubt the work of a twisted mind, for this Riga\u8217\'92s eyes were a child\u8217\'92s eyes, large and curious, yet they were so bloodshot that their edges seemed to be bleeding, and worse still, the creature seemed accustomed to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next to this Riga child was a tall bald man clad in the baggy grey robes of a Hrkan scribe. All the fat on his body seemed to have settled in his face, giving him a curiously large head for his frame. It was such an incongruity, and scribes were such venal creatures, that Mandri concluded this man must have bribed some younger, fitter person for the use of their body. It was either that, or he, too, was the work of the Hrkan Lords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This scribe did not look pleased to see Mandrameen. No scribe ever was, for scribes of rank were learned men of acquired power, they kept their silver sunrose brooches bright and blinding, and it utterly impossible for Mandrameen to respect that or even pretend to. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man looked down at Mandri, and with plain derision in his voice he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another coward lurking in the rubble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Riga child snorted, as if clearing his throat of sores, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I smell the Mazyd on him.\u8221\'94 There was no hint of menace in the Riga\u8217\'92s words, it was merely a statement of fact. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said the scribe, thoughtfully. He turned to address the soldier who\u8217\'92d captured Mandri. \u8220\'93The young Shadow told you to fetch the Mazyd\u8217\'92s body, not another sniveling rat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes sir. Yes, my Lord.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soldier saluted again, then ran back towards the rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you,\u8221\'94 the scribe said to Mandri, \u8220\'93The Law affords you an opportunity to repent of your crimes against it. Will you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have committed no crimes requiring repentance,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, matter-of-factly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you do not act in accordance with the Law of Men, then you will be sold into slavery as a beast. How does that fit you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if I\u8217\'92m honest, I don\u8217\'92t think it fits me at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it doesn\u8217\'92t!?\u8221\'94 the scribe said, clearly amused. \u8220\'93You speak cleanly for an outland poke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because I\u8217\'92m an honest Jandri man,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93The people in that rock stole me outside of Meskalem three days ago. I was their prisoner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A prisoner?\u8221\'94 The scribe said, and his incredulity slid naturally into a skeptical, chubby-cheeked chortle. The man then stooped over the Mazydariga to make sure the young lord was interpreting Mandri\u8217\'92s words correctly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is what we call outland bluster, my Lord. He is no doubt an outlaw like the rest of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is he?,\u8221\'94 the Riga croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed he is, my lord. He is a liar. We shall keep him along with the other liar so they may be dealt the liar\u8217\'92s punishment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe nodded to a nearby soldier, who then dragged Mandri to his feet and led him behind the Hrkan line to where one of the Ayramun, Seb, was being held. Seb was so caked in the dust of Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collapse that he looked like a mangled root just dug up from the earth. Seb seemed somewhat surprised to see Mandri. He did not speak a word of acknowledgment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right then,\u8221\'94 said the scribe. \u8220\'93Time to clean this mess up.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Hrkan horn sounded out and the soldiers lurched forwards into a ridiculous parade march, a heel-stomping strut, and they looked proud to do it as if the Hrkan Lords themselves were watching. The scribe and Mazydariga ambled along beside them, while both Mandri and Seb were forced at sword point to keep close behind. Soon the Hrkan soldiers came to a halt and spread out into skirmishing line, giving Mandri a clean view of the corpse of Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The structure, having split in two and fallen apart, now formed two halves of an impromptu stadium, with the rubble on either side rising step-like into the air, complete with dead spectators oozing out between the cracks of pancaked floors. Staged on the arena below was the giant Ayram. He stood resolute with four dead Hrks at his feet, one with his nose smashed flat against his skull, another with his face opened up completely. It seemed that Ayram had the artist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impulse for rearrangement, as well as a madman\u8217\'92s eye for beauty\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a man\u8217\'92s face was more pleasing to his eye if it were parted down the middle and hanging down around the shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind Ayram, crouching up on rocks like black-scratchers fleeing an incoming tide, were three of his band\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Moto, the old witch Elrahet, and Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribed stepped forth to address them all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The battle is over,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Lay down your weapons and submit yourselves to the Law.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was not an honest plea, for the scribe bore no actual expectation that the Ayramun would surrender. This was a formality, a formality honored because formalities were what separated civilized men from the animals. As such, the difference between a slaughter and the exercise of justice was whether or not it was preceded by an announcement. If you announce what you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to do, whatever happens next is the victim\u8217\'92s fault. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe rolled his shoulders back, puffed out his chest and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since you have chosen life outside of the natural laws which govern all mankind, you will be dealt with according to the law of beasts. You shall be captured and sold in the court of the Great Lord Hababeen. If you persist in your barbarity, we shall undress your weight with a dull blade and feed your trimmings to pigs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chubby cheeks spread into a frown as if he weren\u8217\'92t pleased to be issuing his threat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was also a formality. Mandri had met his fair share of scribes assigned to posts in the Sand, and to a man they were perverted. The strange bureaucracy that surrounds the culling of outland folk attracts them, and the closer they held to the letter of the law, the more perverse was the performance, and the more satisfaction they gleaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe motioned for both Mandri and Seb to be brought to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Toss your weapon on the ground,\u8221\'94 he said to Ayram, \u8220\'93Or all of you shall be carved to the bone, beginning with these skulking cowards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram planted the chisel-tip of his giant iron spear into the sand, but he did not loosen his grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe grabbed Mandri by the scruff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it be known that the course of law was offered and was rejected.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He pulled a short knife from his robe and raised it up so all could see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say one last time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 toss your weapon! The light of the law demands it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He lowered the knife to meet Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, and once again. Leaving Mandri to wonder if his throat were magnetic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram, the giant, looked like an ancient outland idol cloaked in the dust of untamed earth and anointed with the blood of weaker men. Mandri watched with bated breath as this wildman decided whether or not to surrender to a frail-backed, skinny-fat scribe. Yes, there were Skelsi too, but never in all the turns of the world could such a man surrender to such a man. Surely, Mandri would die.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri felt an urge to do something to save his neck, and urges like this one, urges overwhelming, they hatch themselves, they claw themselves out of the stomach regardless of whether or not they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re welcome in the world. Mandri was restrained and kneeling, it seemed there was nothing he could do, and yet, the urge to assert himself welled up inside him all the same. He squirmed, he knew not why but he squirmed under the firm grip of the scribe. The man could sense Mandri\u8217\'92s desperation even if Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t. He could sense it because he\u8217\'92d slit a throat before and he knew how to handle a criminal\u8217\'92s neck. But Mandri hadn\u8217\'92t felt an urge upwell from his Spark in years\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe not since he saw his first pair of oiled tits\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and he was so unused to its working on him that it passed through him all too easily, too quickly, so that instead of coiling him up and unleashing a twist of fury, what came out of his body was a sneeze\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sneeze with snot and spittle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it came bursting out to fleck the knife and hand of the Hrkan scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe recoiled in horror, as if the flag of snot dripping down the meat of his thumb was most repulsive thing he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever seen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He screamed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You disgusting shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He made to wipe it off on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheek, but before the knife tip grazed Mandri\u8217\'92s skin, the tip of Ayram\u8217\'92s spear slammed into the scribe\u8217\'92s chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe was thrown back by force of it. A stifled howl issued from his throat and by the time he hit the ground he was already dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram had thrown the damn thing. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d thrown it over thirty yards and hit his target square in the chest. And he wasn\u8217\'92t done with that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the giant was sprinting towards the Hrkan line, roaring like the beast the scribe had named him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The white cloaked Hrks closed rank to meet him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to expect next, but it certainly wasn\u8217\'92t the sight of Ayram leaping over the line of swinging Hrkan swords. He came tumbling down behind them and rolled into a run. Three strides later he was standing over the scribe\u8217\'92s corpse and reclaimed his spear. From there, he turned on the Hrkan skelsi as a.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ensuing battle was short, for Ayram wielded his spear as efficiently as Mandri could handle a brush\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a real economy of strokes. Twelve Hrkan men he had to kill, Hrkan Skelsi no less, veterans of battle with bulging calves from marching, with manly beards and mule-kicked brows, faces to fear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 imagine how many swings of a spear it should take to bring down such a number. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surely the giant would have to waste a twirl or two to parry the swarm of blows against him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fifty? If not fifty, then twenty? Mandri might have believed twenty if someone had told him the story secondhand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it was even less than twenty. His eyes counted eight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eight strokes to kill twelve hardscrabble soldiers. Powerful strokes. Considered. And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like Mandri would do in a portrait, where he\u8217\'92d make a stroke and wipe it away until he got it right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no room for error, every stroke was pinpoint precise. Truly, these were the marks of genius. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When it was over, Mandri wondered why any of it was necessary in the first place. Those who were to die were dead, but why? Ayram could slaughter the world and none would stop him. Then, as always, reality struck\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram dropped to his knees. There was a bloody gash running down his ribs. He had not been perfect, if perfection is such a thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram drew a deep breath and called for Moto. Moto came running, and as he approached Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill the rat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first, Mandri thought Ayram was talking about him, but when Moto went sprinting past, Mandri noticed the Mazydariga child running away as fast as his little legs could carry him. Moto gathered up }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}