{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When Solraheen put his body between creation and Fabled Black he was almost destroyed. He was buried under the earth. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 >>>}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When solraheen stopped the comet of Fabled Black from destroying his creation, he was buried under the earth.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Or maybe it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mean anything at all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The earth inhumed}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Felt like all the dead women were listening in. }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Lizards do to lizards, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kindness. Men do to men, that\u8217\'92s kindness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 So this slaughter that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about to take place - that\u8217\'92s kindness?}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Kill so many people the axes run blunt. Not worth it. How to go about killing this many people. Put them on a barge and sink it. Put them out on an island.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Wheel-handle them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 One breath short of a breakup.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Sit and wait predator}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Demon bite has the capacity to change.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Pragmatic just means abandoning principles to look out for your own self-interest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Animorphic - gain body segment as it grows - centipede}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Coruscating power}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Paul kagame}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Spectacled- translucent eye cover}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Story where guy walks into gladiator crowd chanting \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93messi, messi\u8221\'94, but underdog kills him. Cue huge manhunt for this dude - you killed a beloved icon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 What was I supposed to do?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Big adventures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Ends on him winning everyone over.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Fun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s funeral- why isn\u8217\'92t pronounced the same.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Put a hood on a child, you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got an adult. Why do we call it adulthood? Manhood? Put a hood on achild, it\u8217\'92s just a child in a hood.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \~makes a sweetgrass basket }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Green seems brighter to the human eye. Bad opinion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Rock - half basalt half quartz.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was not an empty room. Two Alabastron incense bottles sat on either side of the entrance. Thin tendrils of smoke swirled up out of them.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 People who over-simplifiy}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 schistosomiasis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Free-swimming cercariae encyst in the skin or flesh of fresh water fish.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Ipsayit}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Greased Knot in the rope to step on to.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Lavender sheath dress.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 When I cry it stings. The edges of my eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Different word for haspex.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 What is Schisol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s other name??? HEre it is Mid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Taking a big risk by not taking a risk.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Purl scraped the goo out from her mortar with her fingers, and then plopped it onto the clean strip of wool. }
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s voice sank through the \u8220\'93rumblinnn\u8221\'94, descending into a feral growl}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Team regularity vs team counterfactual : }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1im052pBQZ4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1im052pBQZ4}}
\par\plain \f0\fs20
\par\plain {People worring about what would have happened if you hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t had thrown it. There has never been, in all of existence, an opposite of occurence occurring. It is a conceit which has no bearing on reality. You do what you did, and no other reality is real.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Would the patient have gotten better without the medicine - counterfactual - useful?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Cause and effect is a function of ignorance}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Squilla}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Scourged and crucified.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0 n cockney slang Bengal Lancer rhymes with Chancer = someone not reliable or fit for purpose\~}{ }
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t express emotions with me. It makes me uncomfortable. My legs get hot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Apology vs. Making amends}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She held a shallow clay oil lamp in her right hand, and with her left arm, her handless arm, she clutched a basket against her chest.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take them **both** up into the haspex\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Shark\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s teeth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Stingray barbs reinforcing a hardwood point}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Fine teeth on thie stingray barb. Strong closegraine wood}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Sharks tooth pegged in place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Truncheon dagger - club on one side, dagger on the otehr.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Heavy blow, temple or liver kind of strike.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Consider different \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91lovers sign\u8217\'92 than the hands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mazyd - if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for us, you\u8217\'92d have to work together. Agreement. Compromise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Survival of the species dependent upon convincing people of a truth that goes against their short term interests.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Potentially messaging from Ayram the hatred and cruelty of the Hrks. See the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Old Bargain\u8221\'94 under Kalemite Capture.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Purl doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t kill anyone. Too kind to be a minder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 all the diff. takes on prophecy. already happened. hasn't happened. Etc}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Post Minting Rock convo?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Recitative - solitant language earlier chapter.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 So many stages - cleft wood in squares that you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve got toround, you barrel it, tapers at the ends, then cut and fashion the feathers and stick them on with rabbit hide glue - but thats not strong enough so you\u8217\'92ve got to whip-bind that with silk thread. Then youve got to cut a nock and reinfore that with a transverse cut in which you slide a slip of horn. Thats before you\u8217\'92ve got to go to the blacksmith to make arrowheads.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Its all about repitition - shoot shoot shoot. Stamina. Phenomenal about of power. Medieval longbow arrow is a tree trunk - a great thump into the enemy. You\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re hitting him at range. Powerful blow. 10 yards at range, 30 yards,, 40 yards. Hard hits. Slugging. Hard as a sledgehammer. Dependso n the angle of strike. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 theophany }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Longbow - relatively inexpensive weapon for delivering thump after thump after thump.}}