{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 More\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s utopia}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aUXzBEVsTQ"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aUXzBEVsTQ}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In 1519, he wrote that More was "born and designed for friendship; no one is more open-hearted in making friends or more tenacious in keeping them."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_More#cite_note-38"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 35]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~In 1535, after More's execution, Erasmus wrote that More "never bore ill-intent towards anyone".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_More#cite_note-BS-37"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 34]}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "We are 'together, you and I, a crowd'; that is my feeling, and I think I could live happily with you in any wilderness. Farewell, dearest Erasmus, dear as the apple of my eye."}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Thomas More to Erasmus, October 31, 1516}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_More#cite_note-39"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 36]}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "When More died I seem to have died myself: because we were a single soul as Pythagoras once said. But such is the flux of human affairs."}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Erasmus to Piotr Tomiczki (Bishop of Krak\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u243\'F3w), August 31, 1535}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_More#cite_note-40"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 37]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In a 1532 letter, Erasmus wrote "such is the kindliness of his disposition, or rather, to say it better, such is his piety and wisdom, that whatever comes his way that cannot be corrected, he comes to love just as wholeheartedly as if nothing better could have happened to him.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_More#cite_note-41"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 38]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In a 1533 letter, Erasmus described More's character as\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 imperiosus}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~\endash  commanding, far-ruling, not at all timid.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_More#cite_note-42"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 39]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For his part, "Thomas More was an unflagging apologist for Erasmus for the thirty-six years of their adult lives (1499\endash 1535)."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Torture was not officially legal in England, except in pre-trial discovery phase }{\f0\fs24\b0 of kinds of extreme cases that the King had allowed, such as seditious heresy. It was regarded as unsafe for evidence, and was not an allowed punishment.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 a child servant in his household who was caned (the customary punishment for children at that time) for repeating a heresy regarding the Eucharist, and a "feeble-minded" man who was whipped for disrupting the mass by raising women's skirts over their heads at the moment of consecration, More taking the action to prevent a lynching.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Tewkesbury"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 John Tewkesbury}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was a London leather seller found guilty by the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bishop_of_London"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Bishop of London}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Stokesley"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 John Stokesley{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 note 10]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of harbouring English translated New Testaments; he was sentenced to burning for refusing to recant. More declared: he "burned as there was neuer wretche I wene better worthy."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_More#cite_note-84"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 74]}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Bayfield"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Richard Bayfield}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was found distributing Tyndale's Bibles, and examined by Bishop\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuthbert_Tunstall"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Cuthbert Tunstall}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . More commented that he was "well and worthely burned".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_More#cite_note-Ackroyd-20"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 20]}{\f0\fs24\b0\super : 305 }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Bainham"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 James Bainham}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was arrested on a warrant of Thomas More as Lord Chancellor and detained at his gatehouse. He was examined by Bishop John Stokesley, abjured, penalized and freed. He subsequently re-canted, and was re-arrested, tried and executed as a relapsed heretic.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Others have been more critical, such as writer Richard Marius, an American scholar of the Reformation, believing that such persecutions were a betrayal of More's earlier humanist convictions, including More's zealous and well-documented advocacy of extermination for Protestants.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_More#cite_note-Marius-79"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 70]}{\f0\fs24\b0\super : 386\endash 406 }{\f0\fs24\b0 \~This supposed contraction has been called "schizophrenic."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_More#cite_note-rex-53"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 49]}{\f0\fs24\b0\super : 108 }{\f0\fs24\b0 \~He has been called a "zealous legalist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85(with an) itchy finesse of cruelty".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_More#cite_note-90"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 76]}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 More's resignation as Lord Chancellor demonstrates also a recognition of the fact that, so long as he held office, he was obliged to conform to the King's law. It is often the fact that judges and lawyers must perform acts which they do not particularly like. In Utopia, for example, More had written that he believed capital punishment to be immoral, reprehensible and unjustifiable. Yet as Lord Chancellor and as councillor to the King, he certainly participated in sending hundreds of people to their death, a troubling thought. Doubtless he saw himself, as many judges before and since have done, as a mere instrument of the legal power of the State.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Meslier"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Meslier}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~To him, religions were fabrications fostered by ruling elites; although the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Early_Christianity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 earliest Christians}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~had been exemplary in sharing their goods, Christianity had long since degenerated into encouraging the acceptance of suffering and submission to tyranny as practised by the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_French_monarchs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 kings of France}}{\f0\fs24\b0 : injustice was explained away as being the will of an all-wise Being.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Meslier#cite_note-brooke-8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 8]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~None of the arguments used by Meslier against the existence of God were original. In fact, he derived them from books written by orthodox theologians in the debate between the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesuits"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Jesuits}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cartesianism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Cartesians}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jansenism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Jansenists}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Their inability to agree on a proof for God's existence was taken by Meslier as a good reason not to presume that there were compelling grounds for belief in God.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Meslier later describes God as "a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chimera_(mythology)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 chimera}}{\f0\fs24\b0 " and argues that the supposition of God is not prerequisite to morality. In fact, he concludes that "Whether there exists a God or not [...] men's moral duties will always be the same so long as they possess their own nature".}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Meslier also vehemently attacked social injustice and sketched out a kind of rural proto-}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Communism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 communism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean_Meslier#cite_note-france1-9"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 9]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~All the people in a region would belong to a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commune_(intentional_community)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 commune}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in which wealth would be held in common, and everybody would work. Founded on love and brotherhood, the communes would ally to help each other and preserve peace.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 An opponent of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cruelty_to_animals"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 cruelty to animals}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , Meslier wrote that "it is an act of cruelty, of barbarism, to kill, to strike unconscious, and to cut the throat of animals, who do no harm to anyone, the way we do." He considered the lack of compassion and concern by Christians for animal suffering at the hands of man to be, according to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Matthieu_Ricard"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Matthieu Ricard}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , further proof of "the nonexistence, or the malice, of their God."}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Fran\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u231\'E7ois Marie Charles Fourier}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:IPA/English"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 /{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u712\'27}{\f0\fs24\b0 f}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u650\'3Fr}{\f0\fs24\b0 i}{\f0\fs24\b0 e\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u618\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~-}{\f0\fs24\b0 i}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u601\'3Fr}{\f0\fs24\b0 /}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ;}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Fourier#cite_note-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1]}{\f0\fs24\b0 French:\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:IPA/French"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u643\'3Fa\u641\'3Fl\~fu\u641\'3Fje]}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ; 7 April 1772 \endash  10 October 1837) was a French\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosopher"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 philosopher}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , an influential early\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 socialist}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~thinker, and one of the founders of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utopian_socialism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 utopian socialism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Some of his views, held to be radical in his lifetime, have become mainstream in modern society. For instance, Fourier is credited with having originated the word\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 feminism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in 1837.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Fourier#cite_note-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2]}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Fourier characterized poverty (not inequality) as the principal cause of disorder in society, and proposed to eradicate it by sufficiently high wages and a "decent minimum" for those unable to work.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Fourier#cite_note-12"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 12]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~He used the word "civilization" in a pejorative sense; as such, "Fourier's contempt for the respectable thinkers and ideologies of his age was so intense that he always used the terms philosopher and civilization in a pejorative sense. In his lexicon civilization was a depraved order, a synonym for perfidy and constraint ... Fourier's attack on civilization had qualities not to be found in the writing of any other social critic of his time."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Fourier#cite_note-13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 13]}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 Fourier believed that there were 12 common passions, which resulted in 810 types of character, so the ideal phalanx would have 1,620 people.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Fourier#cite_note-15"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 15]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~One day there would be six million of these, loosely ruled by a world "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Omniarch&action=edit&redlink=1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 omniarch}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ", or (later) a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=World_Congress_of_Phalanxes&action=edit&redlink=1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 World Congress of Phalanxes}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . He had a concern for the sexually rejected; jilted suitors would be led away by a corps of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 fairies}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~who would soon cure them of their lovesickness, and visitors could consult the card-index of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 personality types}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~for suitable partners for casual sex. He also defended homosexuality as a personal preference for some people. Anarchist\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hakim_Bey"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Hakim Bey}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~describes Fourier's ideas as follows:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In Fourier's system of Harmony all creative activity including industry, craft, agriculture, etc. will arise from liberated passion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this is the famous theory of "attractive labor." Fourier sexualizes work itself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the life of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phalanstery"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Phalanstery}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is a continual orgy of intense feeling, intellection, & activity, a society of lovers & wild enthusiasts.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Fourier#cite_note-Lemonade-16"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 16]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Fourier said Jews were "the leprosy and the ruin of the body politic". He criticized the government for being weak and "prostrate" when confronted with what he called a "secret and indissoluble league" of Jews. Post-Medieval antisemitic rhetoric often accused Jews of being unable to assimilate into a unitary national culture (highly valued by the French nationalists). Fourier was one of the writers to argue that Jews were disloyal and would not make good French citizens. Like others, he placed great significance on the religious restrictions prohibiting Jews from eating at the same table as non-Jews:}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Fourier#cite_note-Brustein_Roberts_2015_pp._33-34-22"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 22]}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 he confined himself to sitting down at table and drinking; he refused to eat any of the dishes, because they were prepared by Christians. Christians have to be very patient to tolerate such impertinence. In the Jewish religion it denotes a system of defiance and aversion for other sects. Now, does a sect which wishes to carry its hatred as far as the table of its protectors, deserve to be protected?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tommaso_Campanella"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tommaso_Campanella}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1}