{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPm8S3lmML8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 G.E. Moore: "Proof of an External World"}}{ }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Him and Russell founder of Analytic Philosophy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In reaction to the standard Oxford and Cambridge position which was epitomized by FH Bradley, who was influenced by Hegel. Hegel is notoriously difficult to read german philosopher who argues for idealism. Moore was originally a student of Bradley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 G.E.Moore defends common sense. Odd for a philosopher to do because philosophy has challenged common sense. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 More recent \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91common sense\u8217\'92 defender - Bernard williams; \u8220\'93I find common sense philosophers are harder to read than the people they\u8217\'92re criticizing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A large part of Moore\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s paper is spent trying to come up with a definition of \u8220\'93things external to us\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The basic idea of the paper is a response to skepticism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Decartes - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think therefore I am\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - If there is one thing we must know, it is that we exist. Because in order to doubt the claim, one must exist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But from there, the skeptical arguments Descartes lays out, are more convincing than the arguments Descartes puts against them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SO}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Skeptics are people who argue we cannot know certain things;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 General skepticism (can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know anything) vs. Particular sketpicism (I can\u8217\'92t know that you have a mind, as I cannot access it).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Paper attempts to prove \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are things external to us\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 E.g. soap bubble hands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What is the difference between things internal to me and external to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A thing which I perceive could not be a soap bubble unless its existence at any given time were logically dependent on my perception of it at that time\u8230\'85If I say of something that I am perceiving, \u8216\'91that is a soap bubble\u8217\'92, I am it seems to certainly implying that there would be no contradiction in implying that I am asserting that it existed before I perceived it and taht it will continue to exist even after I perceive it\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 George Barkley - argued that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91to be is to be perceived\u8217\'92 ; there is nothing that can exist without being perceived.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Modus Ponens }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - P > Q}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - P}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 : Q}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Modus Tollens}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P >Q}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ~Q}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ~P}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How do you know that world is as you perceive it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Decarte\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Demon ; give you preceptions that aren\u8217\'92t actually there; e.g. the matrix.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ==I could be a brain floating in a vat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ==If so, then I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know that I have hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ==I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know that I have hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ==We only have access to our senses, so we can only infer the external world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moore flips it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I know I have hands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 If I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know I wasn\u8217\'92t a BiV I wouldn\u8217\'92t know I had hands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I know I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not a BiV}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93proof\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here are two hands\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Hands (and thus \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93things external to us\u8221\'94) exist}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Standards of argument}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1) Premises different from conclusion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2) Premise known > you can know things you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t prove.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3) Premise guarantees conclusion}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Barkley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s idealism argument}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The better argument is that the external world does not exist, because even if there were an external material world, we have no idea how a material world could cause mental events like our sensations. It makes more sense to believe that there is not matter, its jsut our ideas, caused by god. Chairs and tables exist when we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not perceiving them, but only because they exist in the mind of god; god is perceiving them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Samuel Johnson; What do you think of Barkley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view that there\u8217\'92s no matter? Johnson said, \u8220\'93I refute Barkley thus\u8221\'94, and he kicked a stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Contextualism - What it is to know something differs based on the context.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In everyday life, you know you have hands}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}