{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your faith warrants a boon,\u8221\'94 Pel said. \u8220\'93Ask and you shall receive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bit her lip, then whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish to see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But they got a Mazid!\u8221\'94 Seb exclaimed, lamenting her role in the Mazid\u8217\'92s capture. \u8220\'93They plan to hunt the \u8216\'91malgamete!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And they shall perish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram don\u8217\'92t think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not care what the brute thinks\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Elrahet is the one with eyes. Is she optimistic?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb scraped her head against the rock. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet don\u8217\'92t speak to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of her mood?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I try, and I try, and I try, but she don\u8217\'92t speak to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The silence that followed frightened Seb, so she felt compelled to share some hopeful news. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks have these things called Riga which can hunt a Mazid down to anywhere. They\u8217\'92ll catch Ayram and Elrahet before they ever reach the bones of Bullr.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The fire crackled, and Pel settled deeper into her chair. She crossed legs and set her free foot bobbing up and down. All the while she stared at Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it would be best,\u8221\'94 she finally said, \u8220\'93If they find the Amalgamete much sooner than they want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cringed in embarrassment for asking a question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel let loose a deep sigh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I worry about you, Seb. You are like a weed. Every time I pull you out of your body, you grow right back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 Seb whimpered. \u8220\'93I meant to say, what do you want me to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s better.\u8221\'94}}