{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you do that!?\u8221\'94 Obo exclaimed. His face was not well suited for anger. W}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was trying to earn her trust.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would earn her trust by betraying mine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would prove yourself trustworthy by being untrustworthy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri set about wrapping the ends of the poultice around his leg. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we want her to tell us what is going on, then we\u8217\'92ve got to get her to lower her guard, and the best way to do that is to be honest. Honesty is disarming. You should try it sometime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honesty requires discretion, Mandri, otherwise it causes more problems than it solves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what I\u8217\'92m doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yet, she left the room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, she left because of you. She hates you. They }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 all }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 hate you. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not ever going to talk to you, and because of that, we\u8217\'92ve got to get them to talk to me, and to do that, they have to trust me. If that means they trust you less, so be it. What\u8217\'92s the harm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood softened a little. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t blame you for not knowing this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s my fault for not telling you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but this girl reacts extremely negatively to anything that doesn\u8217\'92t reek of kindness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anything that\u8217\'92s harsh, or argumentative, or loud, puts her off. She removes herself from any perceived hostility.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri drew a side-long smirk towards Obo and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been scheming an escape. That\u8217\'92s why he wants to introduce himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He wants to get to know you to better understand how he can use you. Manipulate you. That\u8217\'92s what he\u8217\'92s been doing with me. He\u8217\'92s a schemer. Look at him.\u8221\'94}}