{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next afternoon they stumbled upon a smooth, skinny, black cylinder sticking straight up out of the sand, tall, like a granite column.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya should read it,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s gotta sign on the bottom. Funniest shit I ever heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wandered around the column\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s base while the Ayramun hid from the sun for a while in the column\u8217\'92s long shadow. The words on the plaque were written in Old Jandri. He had to turn to Seb for a translation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First bit is too scuffed to read, but the rest says,\u8221\'94 and for this she adopted the demeanor of a Lord\u8217\'92s proclaimer, \u8220\'93\u8216\'91Things are said of her Kings which are shameful to relate, in particular regarding Sixa the Very Great, the first King whose seat was in Duur. The falseness of those cunnin\u8217\'92 lies is proved by the nature of their\u8230\'85unverifiability. Let it hereby be declared and known\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Sixa the Very Great never had relations with a cow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They made a whole column to announce this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Moreovah,\u8221\'94 Seb continued to read, \u8220\'93King Sixa\u8217\'92s son, King Shura the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Extremely}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Great, never hid his true sins and errors. Whoever wishes to know them has only to read his ten-thousandth Kingly Decree, or hear his heavenly vision from the good harvest of that year. In none of these is it revealed that he is the result of mixed breedin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re making that up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was sitting on the column's plinth nearby, smiling. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This column was put here by Sixa\u8217\'92s enemies, to make jest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But why put it in the middle of nowhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that where we are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes scanned the empty horizon. \u8220\'93This spot was once the middle of everywhere,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93This spot of desert, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 this spot}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , was once the womb of nations.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She gestured broadly out at the Sand with her cane. The raw landscape was subtly colored by a host of cane weed and crawling bushes. In the distant south was a line of dune-brinks topped with smoky sandmists, and in the distant north, flying high, was a flock of screaming blackbirds fighting over the scraps of some unseen corpse. There was nothing it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Each mound of dirt you see was once a city.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked again, and each quadrant of the horizon was studded by at least four or five great mounds which he had taken to be the natural work of the earth. The very ground they were standing on was an enormous, sloping hill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet saw his disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are not Hrkan cities, mind. These cities here were small, made of clay. Unbaked brick. Plastered with clay. Thatched roofs, covered with clay. Each year, a fresh coat of clay. The rains came and the clay washed down from the walls and into the street, so more clay was added. That is how the mounds grew up.\u8221\'94 She stabbed the present mound with her stick. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it all started.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From then on, Mandri never called the Sand empty. Rather, it was as empty as a graveyard.}}