{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The strawberry milkshake was melted and its plastic cup was wet with perspiration, just like Todd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wracked face. Tiffany was an even more crimson shad. This is my first day! How could this get any worse!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The skinny boy started to laugh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The new girl broke Todd!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut the fuck up, Frankie!\u8221\'94 yelled Mandy, also bright red. From across the room she threw her wireless mouse and hit the boy right in his face and broke his glasses. He started yelling. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The half-dozen other students in the room were hypnotized by the drama. They looked at Todd out of breath; they looked at Mandy ready to fight; they looked at Frankie yelling about his glasses, and they looked at the new girl who seemed to be the cause of it all. Finally, Anita put her fist up in the air and began to yell in Spanish. It was like a spell demanding all of her strength and everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention. Every mouth was stilled and every eye was on the heart and soul of the Office of Disabled Students Programs & Services.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ms. Anita is a bad-ass! This bad ass was about to uncover all of Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lies and humiliations in front of a room of strangers. It is about to get worse. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Todd,\u8221\'94 Anita said, now in control of the room and composed herself. \u8220\'93We have found your freshman. Please, tell me what is going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Still pink and sweating, Todd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face became blank again. His posture became stiff and his gaze was towards Tiffany. She tried to shrink while holding back tears.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ms. Anita, I messed up. We went to the Mountain Cafe. Justin called me Turd again. I freaked out. It scared my\u8230\'85 I scared Tiffany.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The counselor looked at the freshman trying to make herself invisible and came to the simplest conclusion. Anita took Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand and patted it. \u8220\'93Sorry about that, angel. I promise you our Todd is a sweetheart. Some people just know how to push his buttons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Tiffany tried to evaluate the whole room while still looking as meek as she could. Everyone seemed to accept the story and the excitement was dying down. The smartest thing seemed to be to say nothing. Why did he lie?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Anita became maternal in a way Tiffany never enjoyed, but also couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t resist. \u8220\'93Todd dear, please wait in my office. Leave the bag and milkshake.\u8221\'94 She led Tiffany over to Mandy. \u8220\'93I saw you two talking. Could you take our Young Scholar to her dorm? I\u8217\'92ll mark it under your community service.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Turning to Tiffany, she finished, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright chica, don\u8217\'92t let this turn you off this place, it is normally quite boring.\u8221\'94 I didn\u8217\'92t think I was coming back before but definitely won\u8217\'92t now. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mandy packed up her gear, walked over to Frankie who was looking at his glasses. She must have whispered an apology. It seemed to have been accepted. Without looking back, she walked out the front door. Tiffany, with her rolling suitcase and melted milkshake followed. It made her happy to think she had heard the little bell for the last time. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The warm sun and refreshing wind comforted Tiffany. She had to hurry to catch up with Mandy. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Is walking fast an autism thing? I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what your problem is, Mandy. One thing is going to go right today. You and I are going to become friends. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I like how your shoes contrast your skirt but connect to your headband. Super cute,\u8221\'94 Tiffany started. She had been good at making friends with girls. In high school it was pretty easy: give compliments, don\u8217\'92t smile at the boy they liked and make sure the boy didn\u8217\'92t talk to you. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This way to your dorm.\u8221\'94 Mandy answered. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Maybe humor? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now you seem a little autistic,\u8221\'94 Tiffany tried. Mandy picked up her pace. Tiffany struggled with her roller bag bouncing at cracks in the cement. Still not working.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 you were telling me about the fashion program your parents wouldn\u8217\'92t let you do,\u8221\'94 she tried again. \u8220\'93Are they ever going to see us as grown ups?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Crickets. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mandy led quickly, making turns, rounding buildings, passing people left and right. They got to an area with a bunch of modern art or something. They looked like metal trees and their shadows fell on the two girls. Tiffany had that lost feeling when a teacher said \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93does anyone have any questions?\u8221\'94 She could feel herself falling behind processing the calamity of her day so far and walking around a place she had never been. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait a second,\u8221\'94 Tiffany finally insisted. She stopped and struggled sorting through the papers Anita gave her and found the map. Mandy watched her coldly. Tiffany\u8217\'92s face squished, not making connections on where they had been or where they were. She had to start over three times and made no progress. Focus, working memory, visual processing. My fucking IEP used reading a map as an example of things I struggle with. I look like an idiot. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was this extended struggle Mandy finally said something.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Todd was my liaison on my first day.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 After finally finding the map, Tiffany was flustered, failing to figure where they had been and where they were. She actually forgot she was with Mandy and dropped all of her papers. Kneeling down to pick them up she spilled her milkshake on the papers. Pathetically, she looked up at Mandy and could see her contempt. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry,\u8221\'94 is all Tiffany could come up with. She tried to find a smile that said something like \u8216\'91what a day\u8217\'92 but couldn\u8217\'92t find any shield. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must have liked Justin,\u8221\'94 Mandy said, sneering. \u8220\'93I could get you his number?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cry. Don\u8217\'92t cry. Don\u8217\'92t cry. But it was too late. Facing the only person in this school who she had liked, who was looking down on her, lost in five minutes of walking, a stack of papers covered in sticky pinkness. Tiffany\u8217\'92s mind flashed back to middle school when a boy she liked asked her why she was so stupid. Unmasked, she couldn't look away. Tears pooled in her eyes and began running down her cheeks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Something did change in Mandy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stance but it wasn\u8217\'92t clear what. She didn\u8217\'92t soften but also wasn\u8217\'92t taking any pleasure at seeing Tiffany breaking down. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you laugh when Justin humiliated Todd? When you came up to talk to me were you just waiting for a chance to make a joke about him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t like that,\u8221\'94 Tiffany tried to explain. Remembering how Todd had lied for her found a way to stop the tears. She rubbed at her face and managed not to blubber. \u8220\'93Justin was there but it didn\u8217\'92t happen that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Not quite accusing but still determined to put this together Mandy said firmly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Todd doesn\u8217\'92t lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was actually covering for me before. He, kind of, protected me from Justin. It was nice for a little while, but then blurted out I was\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Tiffany couldn\u8217\'92t finish that sentence. \u8220\'93I got embarrassed and ran away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would you care if someone said you were special ed?\u8221\'94 Mandy asked and Tiffany flinched as if struck. Why do people keep saying that out loud! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Something in Mandy softened. She knelt down and helped with the papers. She put her arms around Tiffany and said quieter \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay. We\u8217\'92re all different. Todd says he doesn\u8217\'92t like people thinking of him that way either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Unable to shield herself, Tiffany found herself forgiven by her judge. Mandy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mercy gave Tiffany the courage to actually look around. Either the shadow of this cellphone tower provided the perfect cover or no one bothered about people crying on the first day. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Collecting herself, Tiffany squeezed Mandy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand and dried the last of her tears. She took a seat at a bench and exhaled deeply. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry I called Todd weird,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You know a lot about Todd, is he, like, your boyfriend?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mandy got as stiff, her friendliness replaced with something both insecure and angry. She crossed her arms in her own shield. Tiffany didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what happened. Normally, she could make eye contact and just tell what was the right thing to say. She could navigate jealousy, insecurity, anger and steer conversations to something friendly. It was like her superpower and Mandy had kryptonite. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mandy didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do eye contact, at least not in the same way. She was looking at Tiffany, just not right in the eye. It wasn\u8217\'92t in the way when people were lying or hiding but just not connecting. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Not for Tiffany, but for a lot of girls "Is he your boyfriend?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 was the defining question. For Mandy it created a short circuit and Tiffany couldn\u8217\'92t understand how to fix it. But not knowing what to do and so waiting seemed to do the trick. Mandy put her arms down, looked away and whispered, \u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Him? Maybe it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an autism thing. But this I definitely know how to handle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So that\u8217\'92s why you study at DSPS instead of the library?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, it\u8217\'92s a really good place to work,\u8221\'94 Mandy started quickly but added quieter, \u8220\'93and some of the guys there are okay.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not Frankie?\u8221\'94 Tiffany said, pretending to be scandalized. Mandy made a face and laughed for the first time. It was surprising Mandy was so kept together but laughed like a dork. This was better. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mandy caught her breath and said \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, I mean, we have computer classes together and he\u8217\'92s not a creep. But he\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 Frankie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Todd?\u8221\'94 Tiffany offered as if just picking a random guy. Mandy blushed and looked down, hiding a smile lacking any polish.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, maybe\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she half confessed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said how he gave you the tour on your first day. Tell me about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mandy was happy to do this. She sat down at a bench in the shade of the metal trees and described her tour. It sounded a lot like what Tiffany endured: marching, pointing, monotone. But the way Mandy described it imagined two machine bits coming together and finally moving at the same speed. She practically wiggled in her seat describing the way he talked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is just so\u8230\'85 natural. He doesn\u8217\'92t mask at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s tall and has muscles,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said, going to what girls mostly wanted to talk about. \u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92ve got style. You two would make a cute couple.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about all that,\u8221\'94 Mandy said as if repeating a conversation she had long wanted to have. \u8220\'93I just like how he is. People don\u8217\'92t tell him he doesn\u8217\'92t look autistic. He\u8217\'92s allowed to be himself. I want that. But I can\u8217\'92t get him to notice me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure he likes girls?\u8221\'94 Tiffany offered but then teased. \u8220\'93If I liked girls, you\u8217\'92d be the one for me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mandy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face clicked back and forth for a second considering each part and seemed to decide on being direct. \u8220\'93I definitely just like boys\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s okay if you\u8217\'92re different but that\u8217\'92s me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, same,\u8221\'94 Tiffany joined in. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just saying, maybe he does too. It\u8217\'92s cool if he does but no use barking up that tree.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I asked,\u8221\'94 Mandy answered. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sometimes people don\u8217\'92t want to say it. It's personal, you know.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mandy considered this but shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe, but I don\u8217\'92t think so. You met him. He\u8217\'92s not subtle. I don\u8217\'92t think he even knows how to lie.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He did lie for me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if you like him,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said leaning in, \u8220\'93he\u8217\'92s lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mandy smiled and Tiffany smiled back. Their eyes didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exactly meet but she\u8217\'92d take what she could get. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Tiffany was happy how this was working out and more than little proud of her ability to smooth things over. She remembered joking with her dad to never use the power for evil but also treated it like a real promise. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you were going to just bring me to the dorms,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. \u8220\'93But could you actually show me around? I need to mark the map or I get lost, so go a little slower.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever told anyone something like that except Dad and Mr. Brian. But no one my age. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t look like you\u8217\'92d need a map,\u8221\'94 Mandy teased. Tiffany started and went to put her map away. Mandy softened and added. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t mind me. Autism joke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Relieved, Tiffany got it back out and pulled out colored highlighters. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cute,\u8221\'94 Mandy complimented.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This was the kind of tour Tiffany wanted. The campus was shiny. It had opened the year Tiffany got into high school. It was the first new college built in the state since Tiffany was born. She decided early on if she made it through high school it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s where she\u8217\'92d go. Now I\u8217\'92m here!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From the pamphlets and website, Tiffany knew most of the buildings. She read how they were organized by subjects and decorated with different kinds of gardens. But that was just pictures on paper. Finally being here with the beginning of a friendship made it like a real place, her new home. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s start at the Library,\u8221\'94 Mandy said. \u8220\'93It is not where I study but it is my favorite place to be alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Favorite place to be alone? Take all kinds, I guess. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mandy explained how the library was built like four donuts. In the middle of each circle was an interior garden with an open ceiling and glass walls and in the very middle was the school mascot: a redwood. The gardens let natural light in and were symbolic or something. Mandy explained a lot and Tiffany used an interested, curious smile. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is MY garden!\u8221\'94 Mandy said with her arms out like a proper tour guide. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s theme was ferns and moss. It had internal sprinklers and was noticeably cooler. Mandy stood there, eyes closed for more than a minute. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Waiting, Tiffany did her mantra. She noticed how the colors in Mandy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hair band and shoes were the same shade of emerald. The green branches of the fern rose and curled, water mists on them and then drops to the mossy floor. How do they keep the temperature cooler than outside? How much water does this use? What is it like in winter? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 Mandy said, opening her eyes. \u8220\'93Thanks for letting me be myself a little. Let\u8217\'92s go see everything else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In all the fliers Tiffany read, the students were the same at every building: generic, racially diverse, happy and clean. In real life students at each building were somehow attached to the place. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The first building built in the college was for education majors. Mandy explained how the rose bushes would fully bloom near summer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like our students,\u8221\'94 every pamphlet the college put out wrote. The students around this building were mostly bright-eyed girls who were energetically ready to \u8220\'93make a difference.\u8221\'94 Tiffany didn\u8217\'92t linger. Why would anyone want to be a teacher?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Around the athletics buildings with the shaped shrubberies, students were all fit and athletic, walking with swagger. Tiffany never played sports but did believe in the gym. She had planned out a workout routine before finishing high school. It was somewhat against Mandy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s will that Tiffany insisted they inspect the workout rooms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The art building was exactly what Tiffany wanted it to be. Each student was an art project of their own. No two were alike, goth emo painters, sensitive cottage gore types and the guy who wanted to look like Bob Dylan. It was the one building that Mandy and Tiffany went inside. Student art projects on the wall and they each shared their favorites. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Outside the building gardens were Hydrangeas. Each section had different petals that matched the school colors of pink, white and blue. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I like how they organized the flowers by color,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s actually the soil,\u8221\'94 Mandy started. \u8220\'93The agriculture students manage all of the garden spaces and this one they can change the flower colors by adding nutrients into the soil. They add sulfur to get\u8230\'85 sorry I was about to do an autism on you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please do,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. It felt good to let Mandy say too much. Tiffany didn\u8217\'92t learn a lot except that there was a thing as an Agriculture Department. You go to college to be a farmer? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Back where Mandy and Tiffany started talking was the computer science building. This was where most of her classes were. Mandy explained how it was the one building that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a garden section. Instead they had various cellphone towers that were designed to look like trees. They would be placed around real trees in suburbs so they could fit in. Tiffany nodded politely. Kind of tacky. There is a palm tree tower, a fir tree tower and five other kinds. They really stand out against each other. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They ended at the dorm buildings. These were made to look what colleges looked like in movies. They were the only buildings not with straight white lines and big glass windows. Instead they had a faux brick veneer and open windows. It was kind of like Hogwarts if Hogwarts only had three stories. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mandy and Tiffany shared phone numbers and followed each other\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Instagram accounts. Mandy also had an account just for art. Tiffany decided that was a good idea. I\u8217\'92m taking a drawing class for something easy. Maybe I\u8217\'92ll put my stuff on there. Tiffany got her dorm assignment and asked Mandy to come take a look around with her. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My social battery is running low. I need to zone out for a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Social battery running low? Weird, but takes all kinds. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right, but text me later,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will. Sorry for being a bitch early on,\u8221\'94 Mandy said with some embarrassment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "No problem, bitch.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bye, bitch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}