{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Driving home, at night, weird smoke cloud in the sky, seems to have form, lines, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Explosion,.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To the left up high, a futuristic helicopter shooting missilises, legs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thats a fucking Mech!\u8221\'94 - astonshment of guy who\u8217\'92s only seen them in video games.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turns left into culdesac of house,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interrupted but car. Local drunk is losing it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bill wtf is going on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bill is like, worlds ending}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your inno shape to drive. Bill is fucked up. Stinks so bad. Is wet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mc tries to carry him. Too heavy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Runs to house wheremc lives w}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 eyith family. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone is fucking freaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neighbors are there,, kids, taknig guitars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mc is like wtf is going on!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argument breaks out over what to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyones leaving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What the fuck is going on?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He calls himself ninja shelsin. He doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WTF?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thats all he said. He came on the tv. Said his name, and that he just doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So hes going on a murderous rampage?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thas so stupid. In a mecha? Why not make a virus or some shit?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argumetn over taking to the highways. Taking to highways is stupid as fuck, dudes going to be in the highway. Like ambulance bombs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They agree. Start following mc out back before he realizes it. Heat of the moment following. MC is like holy fuck I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to do with these people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hot girl is like, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m following you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vision of the bay. Massive mecha running to the left, niear them. Its not ninja. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Wtf\u8217\'92 government has mechas? Explostions and battle raging. In the distance, a collossus moving dextrously. Its head is the style of an old samurai lord. It screams. Sheer terror in the face of that. Makes you feel real fucking smalll. Any hint of earlier distaste for humanity is immediately replaced by just abject terror and desire to survive. Adventure begins. Seems like there\u8217\'92s an army of these things. The world might actually be ending.}}