{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Daniel bilmes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mark Pugh}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scott Burdick - a\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92la richard schmid }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 George Bellows}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Joaqu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u237\'EDn Sorolla }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tina Garret}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.artrenewal.org/artists/carla-daguanno/7570"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs48\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::1>Carla\~D'aguanno<!$Scr_H::1>}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marina Dieul }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry Yan}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.artrenewal.org/artists/katsu-nakajima/7726"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs48\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::1>Katsu\~Nakajima}}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.artrenewal.org/artists/vala-ola/7398"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs48\b1\i0 Vala\~Ola}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs48\b1\i0 Jeremy Lipking - just god tier.<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Joseph McGurl }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.artrenewal.org/artists/evgeniy-monahov/7844"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.artrenewal.org/artists/evgeniy-monahov/7844}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Morgan weistling}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alla prima - wet-on-wet. Layers of wet paint ar applied to previously administered layers of wet paint.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Traditionally, a new layer of oil-based paint is applied to most parts of a painting only after allowing a previous layer to dry completely; this drying process can take from several days to several weeks, depending on the thickness of the paint. In contrast, work performed using\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 alla prima}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~can be carried out in one or more sessions (depending on the types of paint used and their respective drying times), and it is common for such a work to be finished in only one session or "sitting" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The main focus of alla prima is edges: soft, blended ones contrasted with those sharply defined.\~However, being able to control these edges and the way the paint mixes requires preparation of colours and a decisive handling of the material. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The alla prima technique is popular among plein air artists. When painting outside,\~you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be too precious about your subject nor the light as they change by the minute. This means plein air painting suits the spontaneity and time limits associated with alla prima painting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, even if you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re back painting in your studio, the direct painting technique is perfect for capturing fleeting moments in a spontaneous, fresh and immediate style.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The challenge of the alla prima technique really begins when there is a wet layer of paint over the whole surface and each new mark risks being blended too much.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If this happens, it is worth considering scraping it back. In other words, pressing the paint into the weave of the canvas, using a palette knife held parallel to the surface. After each scrape you need to wipe the knife clean on a rag so that colours aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t spread from one area to another.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, you can, but obviously the weave can eventually fill up and the benefits of having chosen a surface that readily takes more paint will be lost. However, the softening effect can be really useful with subtle transitions such as skin tones and skies. With facial features, it is good to paint them clearly, scrape them down a little and then restate them very selectively \endash  for example, a line for an eyelash or highlight on the mouth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When it comes to alla prima painting, it helps to think of medium in two categories: liquid and gelatinous. Liquid mediums would be oils (such as linseed) or alkyd mediums such as Galkyd, which feel like oil, but speed up drying times. Adding a liquid medium to your paint will extend it and give it a creamy, buttery texture. This buttery consistency is better suited to laying the paint on and moving it around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By contrast, gelatinous mediums would be things like Winsor & Newton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Liquin, Gamblin\u8217\'92s Solvent-Free Gel or anything that has some body to it. These gel mediums are great for building texture and achieving a thick application of paint.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Compensate for the color already on the canvas. For example, if you are mixing a dark color which needs to go on top of a light color on the canvas, then make your dark color just a bit\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 darker}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~than it needs to be. If you are mixing a vivid red which needs to go on top of a dull green, then make your red a touch\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 more vivid}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~than what it needs to be to compensate for any toning down caused by the green.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To apply paint on top of a wet layer without much mixing, use a very loaded brush or palette knife and drag paint loosely over the top.\~}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take your time with mixing on your palette before you commit brush to canvas. Try not to rely on guesswork with your color mixing. Once paint hits the canvas, it is harder to control.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Work fat over lean (oily over thin paint). You will struggle to paint thin paint over fat paint without any mixing.\~I usually start a painting with thin washes then build up to paint straight from the tube.\~}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When painting alla prima, you can use pretty much any painting technique apart from glazing. This leaves you with many options for contrasting different types of brushwork. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s also easier to make all the different types of brushwork\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 fit together}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~when painting alla prima, because there is always some subtle mixing. If you are painting with a layering approach (painting one layer, letting it dry then painting more) the different layers and techniques can look disjointed if you are not careful.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}