{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet wanted to bother Moteah with something or other, so Seb volunteered to watch Mandri. Mandri was happy to hear it, as his mind was ever turning to the god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye burgeons stuffed inside Seb\u8217\'92s pack. Unfortunately, Seb had other designs. She\u8217\'92d took this opportunity because she needed an upright shape to hide behind while she sneaked sips of wine. They marched, and she sipped, and she kept this up for a whole hand. By the time the sun was drawing down, she was quite drunk. Her mind was scrambling to triage her body\u8217\'92s functions. Trivial things like the drool dribbling down her chin were ignored so that she could focus on settling slosh of her stomach bile. Whenever it rose and burned her throat she\u8217\'92d twist to try and vomit it into the sand. Nothing but spittle ever came out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered to himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eh?\u8221\'94 Seb belched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sunset, it\u8217\'92s beautiful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bleary eyes turned to the world beyond and she immediately forgot the possibility that Mandri had just insulted her, if she\u8217\'92d ever considered it in the first place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s juss sand,\u8221\'94 she croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s more than that, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Mandri countered. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s sand, sure, but it\u8217\'92s also\u8230\'85as they say, it\u8217\'92s an empty canvas for the sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94 Seb laughed before burping a hiccup. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 As they say}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85It\u8217\'92s sand, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 sure}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , but it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s also piss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Piss!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted. \u8220\'93Piss floodin\u8217\'92 the runnels!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve lost me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why else ain\u8217\'92t nothin\u8217\'92 grows out here? Whole Sand been pissed on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri smiled at the crude logic of it. Piss }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 would}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  explain why green and grey things struggled to grow here. But as far as explanations go, it was a poor one, because it requires further explanation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 where did all the piss come from?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb leaned back, burped, and sneered the sight of a soiled world. She was, no doubt, picturing a great flood of golden piss spreading down from the north.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe Sol, maybe Schisol,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93He stood on tha saddle of the Slaveback mountains, He pissed, an\u8217\'92 it flowed allllllll the waaaaaaay to here.\u8221\'94 She followed the slur of her words to the bottom of a long dried wash and jumped in it. Her balance was remarkable considering her state, only a slight wobble. Then she wrested one last sip of wine from her wine skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I presume it kept going?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked as she gave a satisfactory smack of her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The piss,\u8221\'94 Mandri clarified. \u8220\'93It didn\u8217\'92t stop here, did it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To the sea!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t all that a little too much? No god would need a continental drainage system to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you think it\u8217\'92s more likely to have been rain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These channels, don\u8217\'92t you think they were carved out by\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stopped himself because Seb, distracted by a bout of nausea, started to sway away from him. Her face bore the fixity of a woman in great distress as she swallowed down a burp of rising bile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It seemed likely that she would piss herself. Perhaps that was why urine was on her mind. Or, and there was a chance of this, Mandri had underestimated her ability to handle her drink, and she was, instead, a contemplative drunk who worried about life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great mysteries. If so, she\u8217\'92d soon begin to ramble about a thing which seemed clear and obvious to her, and only her, and only at this precise moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri supposed that was unlikely. He watched and waited for a puddle of urine to spread around her feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  thinking deeply, Mandri knew he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ask her about it. He wanted to hear her thoughts, but drunk as she was, there was a delicate thread keeping those thoughts steady, and the next sound he threw at her would snap it. Then she\u8217\'92d be on to the next thing. Whatever whatever was going on inside her, whether it was thought or potential purge, it would come out her mouth in an projectile stream, words or vomit, or it wouldn\u8217\'92t come out at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Either way, with how often Seb spat when she spoke, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be wet. It was a bit like waiting for a blessing from Sol, who might catch you in the chromatic mist of a noon-sun shower, only, this here would be the opposite of that in terms of beauty. Something to match the ___ of the landscape, dry and desolate and ugly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention turned to the rolling hills of sand. He wondered who or what had spoiled it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was impossible to say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It certainly wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t godpiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any of the usual suspects, because it couldn\u8217\'92t have been the Hrks either. This land was long dead before the Hrks rolled into it. This part of the Pitted Portion used to belong to the Igomen. Perhaps they had ravaged it when tore it away from the Eastern Rotzi kings, who themselves had stolen it from the Rotzi proper.  Perhaps it was the Rotzi\u8217\'92s fault. It was believed that they were barbarians who chewed at the borders of the Pitted Portion for a thousand years before ripping the whole thing away from the Sheldri. Mandri could imagine them sowing salt into the countryside. The stories of the Sheldri do not acknowledge any of this, but the Sheldri do not acknowledge any of Jandri\u8217\'92s histories to be accurate. They deny even that the Pitted Portion exists. To Sheldri eyes the \u8220\'93Pitted Portion\u8221\'94 is a fabrication whose boundaries were forcibly carved into something more fundamental. If it were the Sheldri who were poor stewards of this land, then no one would really know. And if it weren\u8217\'92t their fault, there were older Old Jandri traditions that even the Sheldri could not refute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The elder kings of Gom cast a long shadow on this place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If they were the first humans here, then, presumably, they ruined it when they stole it from the lizards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And the Lizards?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stolen the land, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stolen from whom, or what, Mandri could not say, but they must have stolen it. Only a tender-hearted fool would think that a lizard should have rights where a man does not. This gets to a general rule of thumb; all the creatures of the world are invaders and despoilers. This, in part, justifies the herding and killing of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 cow, pig, and poke alike. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If, for the sake of argument, that all of the animals were not guilty of theft, then whatever logic absolved them surely carried over to men as well. And then, if it was not man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sin which laid waste to this place, then who was at fault?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When in doubt, blame women.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nature is a temptress, after all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It might be absurd to personify rocks and dirt that way, but absurdity rarely stopped anyone from dressing up a problem in women\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robes. There was always explanatory power in it. Much like Seb\u8217\'92s pissing god, likening this land to a woman explained why it was what it was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 abused. It was a gray, almost syphilitic desolation, with dried riverbeds resembling old stretch scars scabbed over with salt. Dark swells of sand splotched the shoulders of hills like contusions. That meant it must have had it coming. Might have even been asking for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was now looking at his feet with murder in her eyes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri absently stepped backwards before asking, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothin\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 Seb lied through a limp-lipped drawl. Mandri knew she was lying because her eyes were fixed on him, and this was no longer a drunken, inward, sightless staring, she was looking at him, perceiving him, perhaps wondering who he was.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A knife in her hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get ya right there, an\u8217\'92 you\u8217\'92d be dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If your goal is to kill me, I\u8217\'92m sure there\u8217\'92s a number of places you could stab.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could do it, if I wanted. It\u8217\'92s up to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you want to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand, you went through all this trouble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It should have been me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want to be tthe Mazid?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want the sight!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My whole life I\u8217\'92ve tried ta see god\u8217\'92s purpose. See the threads. Now you get to do it. Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An\u8217\'92  you never will. Not while I breathe. No god\u8217\'92s eye for you, even if ya ask! It\u8217\'92s up to me! An\u8217\'92 I could make sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, hold on. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, I don\u8217\'92t care about that. I care about the burgeon. I mean, there\u8217\'92s no need to be selfish here, Seb. Surely you could get more. I could help you get more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not about the burgeons, idiot! It\u8217\'92s about the sight!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t act like ya don\u8217\'92t want it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean tha sight! I won\u8217\'92t give ya what I\u8217\'92m not allowed to have. Not me? Not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Spit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, I never even asked any.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll get no burgeon from me. What\u8217\'92s more, ya get a curse! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothin\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 Seb lied through a limp-lipped drawl. Mandri knew she was lying because her eyes were fixed on a bank of the wash right where he\u8217\'92d been standing, and this was no longer a drunken, inward, sightless staring, she was looking }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 at}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  something, perceiving it, perhaps wondering what it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was it something on the ground?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 In}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the ground?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d dropped a burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri kicked at the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t touch it!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Touch what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri swiped the sand in a wide arc with his foot, hoping to uncover a god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye burgeon peeking out at him. The top layer, the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  something there, a black crack which should have been filled in by falling sand. \tab Startled to find, there in the fractal crack the shadow didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t disappear. black. Black as the cave of history. Black as Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93DON\u8217\'92T TOUCH IT!\u8221\'94 Seb shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Do you know how much this is worth?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fool!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb slaps it out of his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It melts back into the shadow cracks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Down to his knees shifting threough. Patting it lightly, hopint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stopped by a dagger at his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pick it up again,\u8221\'94 Seb whispered, breath reeking of wine, \u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92ll show ya what\u8217\'92s fabled \u8216\'91bout Fabled Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you know about the Black?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Black!? The shade of evil, you mean, full of dark purpose and ailing thought. Only one woman dares wield it, and she been at the root of it all. No sufferin\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91cept all of it which weren\u8217\'92t cut free by her blade. Yours. Mine. The whole damn world been cursed by her. If I had the courage\u8230\'85If I had the sight to see, I could\u8230\'85I swear I would!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d kill her!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only one woman got a knife as black as starless night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb gets real close and angry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fool,\u8221\'94 Her breath. \u8220\'93That witch cut ya straight out of god\u8217\'92s purpose. Ya can\u8217\'92t see them, the severed threads, but it\u8217\'92s been done! She\u8217\'92s cut ya straight out of tha whole plan! Can ya not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 feel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  it?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Crazy eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do you?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Crazy person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Realizes her mistake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Know who\u8217\'92s who, boy. An\u8217\'92 keep your mouth shut on it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like you\u8217\'92ve done?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bite my back, and I\u8217\'92ll stab yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}