{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Be sure to insert in cave scene, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give him the burgeons when he asks for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Piss on the desert is why nothign grows}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 You aint allowed to destroy it. Well, you is, but don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think fer a second you doin\u8217\'92 it cause you want to do it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Insert that red river glory}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 You smell like a pile of dead leaves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 My movements are as truly timed as those of the planets in their courses.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s no gainsaying it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forward my prayer}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I thinged it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You thougt it?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, I thinged it. Made it into a thing, when it was not before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Feeling more than ever his existence to be an undemanded one}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shard could have flown from the explosion, all the way out here.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab No reason why not. Shards flew up into the sky.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab She speaks like she was there.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab She was.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Seb the backbiter}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothin\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 Seb lied through a limp-lipped drawl. Mandri knew she was lying because her eyes were fixed on a bank of the wash right where he\u8217\'92d been standing, and this was no longer a drunken, inward, sightless staring, she was looking }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 at}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  something, perceiving it, perhaps wondering what it was.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was it something on the ground?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 In}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the ground?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d dropped a burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri kicked at the sand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t touch it!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Touch what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri swiped the sand in a wide arc with his foot, hoping to uncover a god\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eye burgeon peeking out at him. The top layer, the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  something there, a black crack which should have been filled in by falling sand. \tab Startled to find, there in the fractal crack the shadow didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t disappear. black. Black as the cave of history. Black as Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93DON\u8217\'92T TOUCH IT!\u8221\'94 Seb shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Do you know how much this is worth?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fool!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb slaps it out of his hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It melts back into the shadow cracks.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Down to his knees shifting threough. Patting it lightly, hopint.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stopped by a dagger at his throat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pick it up again,\u8221\'94 Seb whispered, breath reeking of wine, \u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92ll show ya what\u8217\'92s fabled \u8216\'91bout Fabled Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}