{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl216\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eustoma exaltatum is my favorite plant. It has several common names. Seaside Gentian is what I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve heard. It is a Florida native. It is a resilient plant. I\u8217\'92ve seen it grow in difficult places, in chunks of asphalt, in sand, in salty soil. I\u8217\'92ve even seen it withstand a bit of salt-water flooding. But it needs full sun to really flourish, and when it gets it, I\u8217\'92ve seen it grow as tall as my bellybutton.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I am compelled to stop and stare at them. They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to be flowering, because their stalks are this beautiful blueish grey-green which makes them stand out amongst everything else. Look up photos and you\u8217\'92ll see what I\u8217\'92m talking about. The plant looks ethereal when set against brown and green grasses.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then when flowering, of course, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the most beautiful plant I have ever seen. I feel I have a sort of connection to it, because it was there at a time when I needed to see it. That at least explains why everyone else drives right on by them, but I can\u8217\'92t stop staring. I\u8217\'92ve mentioned before that the city feels no shame in classifying the thing as weed and mowing them down, which blows my mind. I mean, I don\u8217\'92t understand how it\u8217\'92s possible for me to see that much beauty in a thing that the rest of the world just sort of passes by, or god forbid, cuts down.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then I get to thinking that maybe I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m guilty of the same thing, that there are more beautiful plants out there that I\u8217\'92ve passed by out of sheer ignorance. Well, I know I\u8217\'92ve looked. I have looked. And you know, I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s true. Sure, lower-case-t \u8216\'91truth\u8217\'92 is just a compliment we pay to a sentence that\u8217\'92s working for us, but I really don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s true.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That Eustoma exaltatum letter was my first idea. It was made so that I could get that shit out of my system. Ordinarily, I would have crumpled up that letter and drawing and thrown them in the trash. I feel very uncomfortable with them. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re heartfelt, but it seems silly to compare a favorite girl to a favorite flower so unsubtly. The whole thing feels very \u8216\'91flowers and chocolate\u8217\'92. Then I thought, you know, I think Katherine likes to see the process. You have good taste that way. Process work is always way more interesting than a final product. So, instead of trashing the letter and the drawing, I kept them. There they are. I also kept the test drawing. It was my first time ever using colored pencils, and I only had like 5 of them. There was no purple for the flower petals, so I decided to get creative with the whole thing. It doesn\u8217\'92t really look like Eustoma exaltatum, but I wasn\u8217\'92t going for realism. I wonder if you can anticipate what aspect of the test drawing I like much better than the \u8216\'91final\u8217\'92 piece. This always happens - I do the prep work and then sort of forget about it when I\u8217\'92m working on the final. Bums me out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At this moment I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m feeling very unsure about giving you this. You\u8217\'92re not into gifts. I know you carved out a niche for hand made stuff, but this all feels too forced because it\u8217\'92s Valentine\u8217\'92s day. Ultimately, I think I\u8217\'92m doing this for me. I think about you a lot, and that\u8217\'92s a lot of chewing without much contact, so this is therapeutic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, I guess this letter is my second idea\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 process focused steam of consciousness blubbering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about a week out from Valentines. I am currently listening to the Pretty Playlist. Rainbow Connection is playing. I\u8217\'92m feeling very happy. I\u8217\'92m really stacking up the happy moments here. I\u8217\'92ve said it before and I\u8217\'92ll say it again, wherever this whole thing goes, I\u8217\'92ll be happy, because my cup is already full. It\u8217\'92s overflowing. It\u8217\'92s beautiful. I still don\u8217\'92t understand it. You\u8217\'92re still What In The Heck Dunn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I hope this letter gives you some measure of the happiness that I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m currently feeling. I hope it can do that for you every time you look at it. I mean, that\u8217\'92s the whole point of a gift: here\u8217\'92s a little bit of physical reality to transport you into a feeling. I want that feeling to be happiness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, feel happy! I mean, you do you, but I hope to hell this can help you do it happily.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You always,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P.s. That flower drawing is not the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91forever flower\u8217\'92 I intended. What I wanted to do was to pluck a plant, then press it flat, dry it out, then mount it on a sheet like in a herbarium.}}