{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sweet tea brewing on a twig fire, modest midday meal of couscous pressed into small ccakes, and dates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The heat is like an iron weight, radiating back from teh ground, creating little eddies of convection turbulince, like sitting on a grill beneath a toaster. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Petrified forest half-smothered in sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sand as fine as flour, drifts through the camp and overhead, turning the sky a hazy yellow and blurring the sun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interesting scene there in the beginning. Nomads passing through camp, shuffle through the blur back out into the emptiness. People huddled against the sand. Low visibilty. People march through. High tension.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Romantic notions of plunging into the desert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of this is outsider thinking,. People who have gone into the deseret as a challenge or an adventure, or as a prospector, or simply to seek solace in a place as remote and empty and perilous as it is possible to be, hoping to find their center by becoming lost in the eternal, hoping, perhaps, that the soul can be healed there, in a place where it must perfroce contemplate only the starkest of choice. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s also outsider thinking to talk of the pitiless sun, to impute malevolence to the waves of heat. It is not pitiless, it just is. Yes it will kill you if you\u8217\'92re careless. It is unremarkable. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This may seem like the end of the earth to you, but it is not for us\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85. In the desert we are free; there are no restrictions. We can see forever. We can cast our eyes to the horizon, and all we can see is sand and sky. In the desert, our spirits can fly. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Allah removed all surplus human and animal life from the desert so that there might be one place for him to walk in peace\u8230\'85 and so it is called the garden of allah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forest giants, toppled and turne dto stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dried blood red cliffs of mauritania.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scattered here and there are \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91inselbergs\u8217\'92 eroded pillars from a mountain\u8217\'92s remnant bin, massive in size. You can climb them, a thousand feet, fifteen hundred, but from their barren summits nothing can be seen but a tableau of jagged cliffs and tumbling scarps, stretching on forever.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tamanrasset - tuareg capital in algeria.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creaking edifice of the god kings}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some time in the first centuries of the present era - even speculative dates are hard to come by - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Capital of mauritania, Noukchott.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Funj people were neither Arab nor Muslim, and except for the fact that they migrated down the blue nile, their origin is not known.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tuareg and tubu nomads were ungoverned and ungovernable}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lord kitchener finally put paid to him, with immense slaughter and a considerable degree of imperial callousness. It was later reported that he used the mahdi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skull as an inkstand, but the queen professed herself shocked and the skull was decently buried at wadi halfa.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Traveler joining \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91to see what\u8217\'92s on the other side\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First to penetrate the sahara and leave a detailed account of his journeys, was Ibn Battuta, or, as he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s styled with admirable precision in a fifteenth century arabic dictonary of eminent persons, \u8220\'93Muhammad b. Abdullah b.Muhammad b. Ibrahim b. Muhammad b. Ibrahaim b. Yusuf, of the tribe of luwata and the city of tanja.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was born, we knokw, in tangier in 1304 to a family of scholars and lawyers, and went to mecca for his pilgrimage at the age of twenty-one. There he determined \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93to travel throughout the earth\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Basic rule \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93never so far as is possible, to cover a second time any road\u8221\'94. Marrying, along the way, countless wives.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He visited arabia, india, and china and traveled down africa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s east coast, possibly as far as modern mozambique. He twice crossed the Sahara to Niger and beyond.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The urge to explore - the urge to tidy up the chaotic unkown, to extend the borders of the knkown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dutchwoman explorer Alexine tinne, who had her arm hacked off by one of her tuareg escorts and was left to blled to death in the Libyan sand.\~Her caravan advanced slowly. Due to her diseases (attacks of gout and inflammation of her eyes), she was not able to maintain order in her group. \~who visited the same area in the 1870s, met participants of the assault and learned that it had been a blow against the "great old man" of the Northern Tuaregs,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ikhenukhen&action=edit&redlink=1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ikhenukhen}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , who was to be removed from his powerful position, and the means was to be the killing of the Christians\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just to prove that Ikhenukhen was too weak to protect travelers }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The huge sand seas of mauritania, mali, separated by the assifs of the central sahara. There are mountains parallel to the north coast and in the center; the desert ends, west and east, in clifs along the atlantica nd the red sea. Long-vanished watercourses lie in patterns like lace over the whole, and there are huge salt flats whwere lakes had once been. These are the boundaries that the nomads of the desert follow, boundaries imposed by nature, dictated by subterranean water and not by police posts, by passages through the massifs and not by national frontiers, by the endurance of camels and not by the edicts of parliaments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Five deserts of leo africanus}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Archibald robbins, an  american mariner shipwrecked on the shore in the early nineteenth century and enslaved by a ragtag band of moorish nomads, later descibed his first sight of cape barbas, western sahara. After his party picked themselves up from the beach,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94we soon began to ascend\u8230\'85 we at length ascended the top of the precipice, and O merciful Heaven! What a prospect presented itself to our affrighted view! What despondency sunk into our hearts! Cast upon a barren heath, a boundles plain, made up of burning sand and flinty stones, producing neither a gree nvegetable, or refreshing; there to be famished with hunger, devoured by wild beasts, or become slaves to the most merciless of creatures that wear the form of man.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dune cover almost half of mauritania and most of western shara, many of them a score of miles long, in long ridges, often three hundred or four hundred feet high. They butt an d intersect and overlap in complex patterns, a network of ridges and dips, crescents and curls, that from above resmeble the whorls of gigantic fingerprints. The central plateaus are cut by a network of wadis and drainage basins locally called gueltas. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A rugged landscape of deep gorges and sheer cliff-edged mesas, softened by gently rolling dunes, scalloped and rippled, enfolding the upthrust spears of volcanic rock, a rich palette of golds and browns.  Tucked up against these cliffs are oases that nourished medieval trading cities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Immense ledges of white marble, cut straight and square, as though ramparts for a castle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God willing - they say, but their white knuckles and terrified expressions were not reassuring.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mali\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s landscape is flat and mononotous to the north, riven with gullies and sandstone liffs to the south, where the dogon people a thousand years ago took refuge from invaders, buried their dead in high caves in the sheer cleiffs where they couldn\u8217\'92t be disturbed by marauding armies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A deeply eroded sandstone massif, barren and scrubbed by the wind, pressed in by the tanezrouft and the chech, great ergs, shifting seas of dunes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tuareg won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t travel with the moon except in dire necessity; they pitch their tents in the oonlight, they make music against the malign spirits and demons of the night, and sometimes they dance, but often they withdrawinto silence, goatskin cloaks wrapped around them, and wait for dawn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some travelers have called tenere, in central niger, the Land of Fear, though this is at best an uncertain translation from the tamashek, the spoken language of the tuareg ( others have said tenere really means nothing, but some suspect that it doesnt mean nothing - it just doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mean anything.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Caillie remembered being first to have visited timbuktu and returned unscathed}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alexander gordon laing, explorer who met a treacherous end near timbuktu in 1825 - libya - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93forlorn, black-looking plains;the eye of the travleler roams in vain over the wide, unvarying superficies, in search of some object to rest on, till at length, wearied by the bleak and tedious sameness, he is willing to pull the folds of his turban over his eyes and to shroud his head in a burnoosa.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leo africanus - the people there are black, vile and covetous, yet exceedingly rich.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Egyptians rapidly running out of water of their own. South, the sudd marshes of sudan, hold extraordinary amount of water. Training them, by some measure, would each year add almost a billion cubic meters of water to the nile.sudan, not surprisingly, is vigorously resisting this notion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bubble rocks in sand dunes - curiously, craters and even small hills are found in various places that consist entirely of small round stone balls the size of peaches, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91as nearly golbular as anything in nature - a bubble, a drop, a planet. They must be cemented with some tough ingredients, as they were excessively hard to break.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dead green - serpentine marble}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dig a shovel down into the soil, a yard, two yards, maybe more, and there they are, looking no different form earthworms anywehere else, six or eight inches long, dirty red in color, slimy to the look and touch, unprepossessing and unlovely. To farmers and gardners and to ecologists and the ecologically correct, theyre the preeminent symbol of an ecosystem\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s health. Judge the fertility of local soil by the number of earthwormo casts to be found in it. Earthworms aerate teh woil, bring it nutrients, prepare it for planting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Geologically, the entire desert sits on the african shield, bare and intricately folded pre-cambrian crystallinerock. This shiled has remained stable throug hmany geological epochs. About 580 million years ago, this stability was rudely (if briefly, in geological time) interrupted by the socalled pan-african episode, a violent twisting of the continent\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s surface, caused by tectonic plates colliding. Its effects were startling, long north-south folds in the continental structure, including two in the sahara: the dahomey-aggar belt between ghana and algeria, and the mauritanide belt from senegal to morrocco.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is said that the gold of old ghana once stuck up out of the ground in large rods or spikes, there for the taking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And tehre is salt. The trade in salt kept the caravans moving long after the gold and then the slaves had diminshed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Caravan from oasis to oasis through the stony regs}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remnants of petrified tree trunks, as thick as boulders in places, some several feet across but mostly splintered into smaller fragments of light brown stone. All over the desert, these melancholy relics are stood on their ends by the tuareg as trail or water markers, generally treated with casual contempt; pieces are chipped away to give as souvenirs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reeds and grasses petrified too: around many of the salt pans that were once lakes, particularly in teh souther sahara,are curious calcified reeds, looking oddly glasslike and resembling nothing more than tiny ventilation shafts,marking out the former extent of now vanished lakes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every depression in the desert has its store of shells, stirred to the surface by the shifting winds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slouched about, disconsolate, kicking up the sand when his boot hit a hard black stone, the size of a man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fist, a sort of molded rock lava incredibly present on the surface of a bed of shells a thousand feet deep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deposits of travertine, presence of soils thaf rom under tropical conditions, rock weathering requiring standing pools of water, vast dune areas that were once fixed in place by vegetation, alluvial deposits interpreted in terms of climatic change. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Desertification - as vegetation is stripped from the land, the surface dries out and reflects more of the sun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heat. This conditino in turn alters the thermal dynamics of the atmosphere in ways that suppress rainfall. Incresased dust( itself a product of desertification) or other atmospheric pollutants are causing changes in the climate. Desertification results in declining water tables and the salination of topsoil and the remaining water. Increased erotion and the extinction of vegtation make that climate drier.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Population growth, the engine of all increased resource demands, is at the heart of the desertification problem. More people, means more animals and more vegetation cut for fuel and construction. The additional herds needed by greater numbers of humans trample and compact thes oil, reducing the infiltration of the little water that exists, causing erosion and damaged soil. In the sahel, humans have come to use cattle dung as a source of fuel, but even so what sparse vegetation remains is being hacked back for kindling. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Petrified wood - botanists call it a pseudomorph, where the natural wood fibers are replaced by silicon dioxide or by what is called cryptocrystalline quartz, or chalcedony. The process involves the trees imbibing solutions containing silica, presumably from alkaline-saturated water; the mimicry is so accurate that the original cell structure can be determined after transformation is complete.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was easy to imagine, in the steely sun of midmorning, that the sand had advanced, had crept farther into town. It crunched underfoot on the packed-earth walkway; there were little eddies in the el made by the house and the public bake oven to the left, already smoldering with a small fire of camel dung this early in the day. A  probing finger of sand crept under the curtain serving as the house\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s front door, pushing for the center of the room , and there was more sand on the sills. In the road, if the sand was deeper by an inch or two, it wasn\u8217\'92t immediately obvious as the roads are made of sand in any case.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Down the street to the east, toward the edge of town and the desert beyond, the stubby square that served as the minaret of the mosque, or what had been the last of the town\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s three mosques, still peeped from teh sand, an incngruous sight, a massive building drowned in sand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sand attracts sand. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how dunes are made - a little patch makes a bigger patch, the patch makes a mound and the mound a hill. In a short while, after a few years in which the townsfolk struggled to keep the growing things alive, most of the the trees in the oasis were engulfed, the wells had to be deepened, the shifting sand making for perilous digging. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cities lost in the sand. Armies lost in the sands. On such is the story of Dhu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92l-Adhar, \u8220\'93 a king of yemen at about the time of solomon\u8221\'94 - who raided the Magreb and forced it into submission. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The arabic word, Sahra, which simply means desert, derived in turn from the Tamashek Sahar, which means \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 sand alone, without stones, rocks, or water, with a smooth horion and no permanent paths.\u8221\'94 Other Tuareg gradations include ghrud, dunes and sand hills of whatever height; serir, plains of gravel, whether rounded, sharp or polished; warr, a rough plain with some boulders, hatia, implying places of potential fertility, with scrub bushes and grasses, on which a camel may survive;  wishek, sand hills or plains, productive area no infertile; ghraba, date groves with no town attached; subkhar, salt plains, usually hard as a stone; wadi, a valley in which shrubs grow and in which, when the rains come toorents may rush, and jebel, which defines a stone mountain or mountain range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Most of the regs are plain beyond belief, without color, without any memorable feature whatever, it is quite possible to wake up in the morning, travel all day, camp, wake up the next morning, repeat the previous day, and all the while to have seen neigher a tree, nor a shrub, nor a blade of grass, nor a boulder of any sie, nor hill or mountain or mesa, nor wadi, nor well - to have seen, in point of fact, precisely nothing but a flat gravel plain. It is peopled with djinns, the spirits who embody nothingness , whose only sound is a moan and whose dominant characteristic is malice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Golden dunes are streaked with reds and browns of a startling intensity. Classic dunes the color of caramel, massive sand hills three hundred feet high and miles long, the color of a delicate pink rose. The sands of nothingness stretch toward the ancient salt mines at bilma; some have called them the most beautiful dunes in the desert, golden and gorgeious, deep and deadly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How quickly the dunes move! One day there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nothing much, the plain bare and scrubbed, barren soil, thorns, broken stone, gravel, ocher and dun, shimmering in the incandescent desert heat. Then just a few weeks later, there it is - a full-fledged dune the color of honey, sculpted by the wind into ruffles and flutes, a knife edge to leeward, fifty, eighty, a hundred feet high. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dunes form in a bewildering variety of shapes- tied dunes, which form in the lee of hills; echo dunes, which appear windward of other dunes; barchans, which are shaped like crescents; and seifs, which are sharp-edged and sinuous, meandering, and often isolated on larger sand sheets. Parabolic blowout dunes, transverse dunes, shifting shapes associated with the sand seas, sigmoidal dunes, pyramidal dunes, domes, star shaped dunes.  Giant sand mountains of sixteen hundred feet or more, mountains with hills of their own on their slippery backs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When dunes are massive the shifting sand creates an eerily evocative hissing, atnight when the desert air is sweet and still. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sand accumulates, but first it chokes and stifles, and makes men feverish, as claustrophobic as miners at a eep seam. In a high wind, the dunes smoke and alow-prichted drumming is heard, the spirit of Raoul, the Drummer of Death, and the Tuareg draw theirveils across their faces, and cast their eyes downward. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The drumming is the avalanching of billions of tiny grains slowing as they reache the bottom of the slip face, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en-us.sennheiser.com/newsroom/the-eerie-hum-of-the-desert-356760"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://en-us.sennheiser.com/newsroom/the-eerie-hum-of-the-desert-356760}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwZeTs2WtUU"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwZeTs2WtUU}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Since the 13th century, records have revealed a unique sound in the desert. A hum or perhaps a groan. Some even say it sounds like an airplane. Yet there is nothing in the sky. And the noise cannot be heard in the dunes either. So who is singing in the sand? The noise cannot simply be dismissed as an auditory mirage, it is much too loud for that. In recent years, sounds measuring 100 decibels have even been recorded. So are there ghosts in the desert? Demons in the dunes? Naturally, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how people came to explain the phenomenon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 telling passionate and dramatic tales of these strange events. The legends are much the same, and pertain not only to the Sahara, but also to the Gobi and Namib deserts. Even in smaller regions, the phenomenon still occurs today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The secret to this auditory mystery lies in the avalanches. A discovery which was only made recently. It was just a few years ago when the Laboratory for Physical Statistics in Paris presented their research results\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and even managed to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93recreate\u8221\'94 the sound. But in order to understand the sound, they first had to simulate how a desert avalanche is actually structured. It consists of up to 500 layers with a thickness of approximately ten centimeters. These layers slide down the dune one after the other, creating air cushions. The weight of the avalanche then eventually pushes the pent-up air outwards, causing vibrations. If we imagine these vibrations magnified 500 times, it is no wonder that the sound becomes almost demonic. Almost threatening. A gruesome song that echoes through the dunes.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dunes move not by drifting but by jumping. When the tiny sand grains, skitter acoss the sere landscape they do so not in fluid motion, in straight lines, bu in little hops. They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t roll, or slide. They skip, cause ricochets, jump. Called saltation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the conditions are right, the dune will grow very rapidly; in days it will be taller than a man, and in just a few weeks it can reach sixty-five or one hundred feet, and keep growing. Over time, the windward slope eventually adjusts itself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A nagging question for some days had been how they, the caravanniers heading out to the salt mines at bilma, in eastern niger, navigated across featureless wastelands, with each horion of dunes apparently identical to the hundreds that went before and the many hundreds to follow. Perhaps an answer lay in these ripples?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Yoba grinned, delighting in the less. \u8220\'93It means nothing, \u8220\'93 he said, you can learn nothing from it. The movement is random. Whenthe wind gets up , and a storm is coming, the ripples disappear, the surface becomes smooth, the visibility diminishes. But we don\u8217\'92t need tiny signals to tell us a storm is on the way.. It is already obvious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Entire dunes migrate downwind, but winds are necessarily variable. There are generally prevailing winds, but in the course of a year, the dunes may shift in several directions. They will move, but they also might grow, or diminish, be absorbed into others, disappear entirely. Dunes will move but dune patches will tend, he said, to stay in more or less the same place, withi a few dozens of miles. The ergs, teh sand seas, don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move. Only the dunes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Like swells in an ocean.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fermented palm juice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many of the winds are hated and feared, and every oneof those has a name.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dry south winds that carry the glowering towers of dust are known as the ghibli, chili, samun, jefhya, and irifi. The ghibli is bad, and can seem never ending. In the fezzan of southwest libya, the camel-masters say that if the ghibli blows forty days, god preserve us from the evil! The camel becomes pregnant without the intervention of the male. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sky appears of a dusky yellow and the sun is barely perceptible. The eyes become red, swelled and inflamed, the lips and skin parched and chapped, while sever pain the chest is invariably felt in consequence of the quantities of sand unavoidably inhaled. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The harmattan which blows northa nd west, is the worst the driest hottest, most enervating of all. Known as shai-halad, the mother of storms. In teh north african campaign of ww2,. Gales of ninety miles an hour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It strips the air of moisture. Humiidity falls from 80 to 10 percent within hours. When the gale is in full cry, visibility is reduced to a few yards. Sand penetrates everything. Grit in food, grit in water (milky grit) , grit on the shets. If you close the windows, the temperature can climb steadily and reach 120, 125 degrees, when the air sears the lungs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Sandstorms can be black as night or a lurid yellow or a bleak greay the color of old ash. They may hiss or roar, rumble like thunder; the air is oven hot and crackles with static and a hand run ofver a canvas tent pops and sparks like methane breath on a smoldering coal tip; nerve-ends tingle with electricity and firefly sparks jump and snap. The camles squat in teh sand, their backs to the wind, and close their long-lashed and double lidded eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A static charge in the air. Everything sparks. Dog Cant be stroked without producing crackling sparks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a wadi in the tenere, a shallow well had been dug. Nearby was a young woman in a black robe, black aba hood over her head. She herself was small and black with a toothless smile, bold eyes, legs stringy with musle, bare feet. She had two small children with her, but they ket their distance, wary of strangers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only then did she offer the children a few sips from the can, and lastly she herself drank, but sparingly. To drink too much or more than you need is anathema.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like most wadis, this one was broad flat, sandy, with occasional acacias rooted in the sand, their leaves torn and tattered from rasping goat and camel tongues. The river that had once run here would have been placid, slow moving, and the well was almost in the center of what would have been its course. It was only four or five feet deep, but there was better than six inches of water at the bottom. It was kept from collapsing in onitself with a crude bracing of acacia branches, but in a week or so it would fill in anyway, and need to be reopened. The young woman offered her visitors a can. The water was clear, a change from the saharan standards, and had a slight metallic taste from the can. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When asked why they hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t camped closer to the well, she shrugged. To walk a mile or two to the well with the goats helped fill up the day. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If it hardly rains, and there are no perennial rivers, where does this water come from? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A thredony of anxiety that permeates decisions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A threnody.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If one were somehow able to see through the desert sand and its underlying rock, and if somehow in this magical lens water was t oappear in brilliant color against the underlying dun, one would see a complicated, slender, three-dimensional lattice of blue, in some places shifting and changing with the seasons, in others remaining stable for geological epochs. At times there would be splashes of blue underneath ancient river courses and wadis, shallow, erratic, spiky with endless branches and tributaries, with neither beginning nor end, dependent on ancient drainage systems but no longer containing enough moisture to reach the oceans or any other outlet. Someo f these would be permanent water, shallow but not transitory, left over from earlier epochs\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 sometimes there would be vertical \u8216\'91pipes\u8217\'92 of emerald, dropping through fractures in the crust to pools of water lying on the impermeable layers below; some would go down a hundred feet, some many thousands; some would be a sliver wide, other doezens of yards. And in places, very deep down, in the permeable sandstone laid down on the oldest rocks, would be virtual seas of blue, the size of the american great lakes. These are the nubian sandstone aquifer and the other great reservoirs that underlie so much of north and central sahara. They are \u8216\'91fossil aquifers\u8217\'92, so clled because they were filled with water in earlier epochs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the sahara, where the aquifers are not being replenished, or are being replenished very slowly, the water table is often thousands of feet down. In most of the sahara, where no permeable rocks exist, there is no water table at all. In other places, such as in the oases that make desert life possible, there are artesian \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91springs\u8217\'92, which are really just water being pushed up through natural fissures in the rock from confined aquifers that are under hydraulic pressure. These aquifers, then are not pools or lakes of water in the conventional sense - even if you could somehow reach them you could not swim in them - but merely supersaturated porous rock and gravel, charged in earlier geological epochs. Wells drilled into the aquifer work by creating open spaces into which the water from the surrounding rock can flow, and from which it can then be pumped. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are even fish, deep beneath the desert sands. In the middle years of the last century the french academician jacquess couelle dug a well in the desert near el-golea, south of the western great erg, and at 130 feet his men struck water, brackish and churning, but water nevertheless. The next day the crew returned with baskets and found themselves pulling out fish, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93completely blind, with only a membrane where there used tobe eyes; they ahve reproduced, survivng more than 100000 years. There were hundreds of thousands of htem. We cooked some of them and they were delicious.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the very largest dunes, rare \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91seeps\u8217\'92 can be found, the sand weeping water, though the surrounding desert floor is dry to a depth of many feet. If you know what you\u8217\'92re doing, even in the deep desert you candig down a yard or so in the dunes and press moisture from the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, it is never enough to live on. Many a traveler has sucked damp sand, but died of thirst nonetheless.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spring fed saline lakes - Mavo Lake changes color -sometimes water is blue, green adn sometimes a striking red. When it is pink, it is because it is tinged with billions of timy shriplike creatures known as doud, arabic for worm. The people who live around its shores are known as dauda, which means wormers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lake gabraoun is as salty as the dead sea, but if you dig a shallow pit, even a few feet from the lake\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge, it fills with freshwater.date palms and reeds thrive on its shores.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the north side below the bank a black substance like mineral tar oozes into the water, and a crust of salt forms on the top like half-thawed ice. Natron forms in cakes at the bottom; the local people use it for tanning, for baking unleavened bread, as an animal feed, and to mix with pipe tobacco, among other things. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The great lake chad, glowing with the golden rays of the sun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 on theh shores there were prosperous little villges, most houses having a cow or two, some goats, and chickens int he yard and the lake itself was thronged with birds and animals. All was not so peaceful, for the villages were subject to constant raids\u8230\'85 piratical buduma, warlike people who inhabited the islands of lake chad and controlled the waters from their battle canoes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}