{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried on three more occasions to finagle a burgeon out of Seb. He was denied each time, and each time Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s temper grew fouler. On the third request her fury was so great that she actually stabbed him. She stabbed him right in the slack of his robe. It completely missed the flesh, but he counted it as a grievous wound. When this did not deter him from his quest, Seb threatened to destroy the burgeons altogether. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then a small miracle occurred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One night Seb found the corpse of a beautiful blue butterfly. She claimed it was a sign of the divine, as this butterfly was living where no butterfly should rightfully be. In digging around her pack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interior to find a suitable container for it, she pulled out a woolen blanket and unwittingly pulled out her pouch of burgeons as well. The pouch hit the sand and out popped three beautiful God Eye burgeons. Two of them spiraled harmlessly in little circles, but one burgeon hit the ground rolling, as if flicked towards Mandri\u8217\'92s shoe by Solraheen Himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri covered it up with his foot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Seb finally noticed that her burgeons had spilled, she snatched them up, quick as a fox, none the wiser that she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d missed one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The feeling of that burgeon under Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heel was brighter than the moon and stars in the sky, which were quite bright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, the world was blue and comfortable. If a little cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When it was safe, he pocketed the burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He knew not to use it now, as the night provided prime walking hours that needed no improvement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 excepting the cold, but burgeons wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help too much with that. He decided that it was better to save that blessed burgeon juice for the droll, daylight hours. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That night they passed by distant dunes that had dark streaks running down their faces. Moteah called them weeping dunes. Giant weeping dunes. The dark lines were streaks of water seeping out onto the surface. Ayram said that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen dead men at the feet of those dunes. They\u8217\'92d been trying to sop their dried tongues on the damp sand. He called it the cruelest torture\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a work of Solraheen\u8217\'92s evil brother, Schisol\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the water was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 there}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  but you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t drink it. You\u8217\'92ll only get a mouthful of sand.}}