{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d go on to argue that providence is always there, well, almost always there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there are some exceptions. But nevermind those. Thinking about the exceptions didn\u8217\'92t help to see the divine plan. What did help was living in the present, and the key to living in the present is found by getting rid of all expectations. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb once stumbled upon a bald, aching, stiff-jointed pilgrim who claimed that if you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have righteous eyes then the next best thing to have is nothing at all. The pilgrim claimed to be able to sit perfectly still and chant his mind into such a trance that his body required no food or water, nor even air, and more importantly, he said that his thoughts were free from expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb tried to induce this meditative state in himself, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it. He doubted the old pilgrim could either, at least not for any meaningful length of time. Sitting still and simply existing is what a rock does, and people aren\u8217\'92t rocks. People look at things, and when they look, they try to understand, and when they try to understand, the expectations inevitably come. But if that\u8217\'92s true, then how does one get to living in the present if expectations are inevitable?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The easiest thing to do would be to kill himself and be reunified with the All-White Spark. But he could only try that once. Until that day came, Seb figured that the best thing to do was to err on the side of the woman traveler in that nine-line story and expect as little as possible. At least she had some appreciation for divine mysteries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb reasoned that having no expectations and expecting to not have anything were close enough to the same thing, and close enough usually got him what he wanted. If he put a lie on a hook he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d eventually pull up the truth, and maybe if he baited his hook with the crumb of an expectation, he\u8217\'92d pull up no expectations at all. This might not make any sense, but that didn\u8217\'92t matter, because sense was for people who were }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 expecting}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  sense. Seb was a creature of the present, a man who knew how to wait for the future, and he knew how to keep his expectations low while doing it. In fact,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}