{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were three people in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s backpack. Two were dead, naught but a tangle of limbs stuffed down in the bottom, an unseemly sight with their elbows, shoulders, wrists, and hips bulging the leather. Elrahet was the other. Her head was poking out, ancient but very much alive. She glared out at the rest of the Ayramun who lagged behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up!\u8221\'94 she barked. \u8220\'93This Riga boy won\u8217\'92t keep forever! Hurry it up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pace was furious. The going was rough. At the start it was easy, a simple, flat and winding wagon path, then Ayram scrambled off to the left, up a near vertical scree, and Mandri had a hard time following. At the top was a shelf of sturdy rock, and this fed into a tall, narrow canyon, the opening of which was an inch wider than the width of Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulders. The canyon walls were striated with chalky shades of red and orange, and it\u8217\'92s dramatic sweeping forms towered overhead to buttress a thin, winding strip of bright blue sky. The sun played a game of peekaboo with Mandrameen as he went along, though sunlight never touched the mushy pile of sand and fallen rock that was the floor. Instead the light bounced around the warm walls and made the air seem to glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was not the same cursed rock that composed the Goree proper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And Mandri might have savored the scene if he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t having such a hard time keeping up with the blistering pace. Almost at once he was confronted with a fork in the canyon path, and as the Ayramun had charged ahead without a spare care for him, he was left behind to wonder which way everyone had gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His first instinct was to ask Obo. Obo would know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His next instinct was to listen for the sounds of the Ayramun. Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grumbling. Seb\u8217\'92s sloshing spit. Bickering when. But faint echoes are a difficult thing to judge when the paths before him curved away in indeterminable directions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The reliable thing to do was to look for Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s footprints. This was harder than it seemed because the sandy blend didn\u8217\'92t neatly preserve an impression. He managed because Ayram\u8217\'92s divots were unmistakably deeper than what was natural. Pleased with this little brilliance, Mandri marched on with some , but if he could figure it out, so too could any Hrkan trackers that were following behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soon, Mandri found himself marching under the oppressive eye of the sun as it crossed the thin arc of sky above. As the day progressed, the canyon air warmed up, and unlike the desert proper this air was not so dry as to lick the sweat right off his skin the moment it beaded up. He marched on and on, and the longer he marched, the soggier his shirt and brow became. Few feelings are more uncomfortable than that of a soggy lower back under a heavy leather pack. That vortex of steamy air that emerges between the two is like a weather system unto itself, and this self-sustaining convection current, shaped by the contours of muscle and spine, is a living thing, a parasite more annoying than any mosquito because it can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be swatted away. And he wouldn\u8217\'92t be rid of it until he threw off his pack, ripped of his shirt, and ragged himself dry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He eventually got his chance when the way belled out into a short and wide shadow-striped valley. It was a miniature valley of sorts, as it was only there because the canyon walls on either side had collapsed in the recent past. A mound of red rubble slouched in this valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, though a thin, passable trail had been carved right through it. Above the precarious eastern slope was the Goree\u8217\'92s tallest plateau, stretching beyond vision, and above just that, the latter-day sun was casting shadows that stretched down to the floor. In them, the Ayramun were sitting, waiting for Mandrameen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was the first to notice his coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There he is,\u8221\'94 she said, as if they\u8217\'92d been waiting for years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you he was right behind,\u8221\'94 said Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is stretching the meaning of \u8216\'91right behind\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stood up, stretched his back, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Time to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pretended not to hear. If they had gotten a break, so would he.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If the Hrks have our trail, they won\u8217\'92t be far behind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet, still burrowed inside Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack, said, \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll give the boy a moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri dumped that great weight off his shoulders, and it was like taking the lid off a steaming pot. The coolness that brushed his skin was glorious. He pulled off his tunic, and that, too, was glorious. He sat down a rock next to Purl, elbows on his knees, but sitting was not enough. He wanted to lay down, though with all the rubble, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a good place for it. Then his eyes alighted on a veritable couch of a boulder, a smooth, sway-backed sandstone couch that he could melt onto. He stood up and made to climb up to it, and his first step up onto the eastern slope sent a trickle of sandstone crumbs tumbling down from above. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 What}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  are you doing?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna lay down on that rock up there,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to nap or anything. I\u8217\'92m gonna to lay down for a moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took another step up, and then Ayram blurted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Heh! Down!\u8221\'94, as if he were giving commands to a dog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri relented. That blessed rock was not that high up, maybe only twenty feet or so. He could climb up and jump down without a fuss, so why shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t he be allowed to do it? Because he\u8217\'92d be left behind? Because Ayram said so? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That usurped his good sense, and rebellion swelled up in his chest. He turned to the Ayram, who was snacking on a ribbon of jerky, half of which stuck-out of his mouth and  waved at Mandri with every munch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I ask you something?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait for Ayram to finish chewing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you care what I do with myself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thick brows jumped up in amazement. He snapped off his jerky, shoved the rest into his cheek, then said, \u8220\'93You want to climb up there and have a rest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93But look, I won\u8217\'92t do it if you don\u8217\'92t want me to\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s just that I never signed up for any of this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not Ayramun... I mean, you\u8217\'92re a goddamned giant, so I\u8217\'92ll do what you want, but I\u8217\'92m not like, you know\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 The immense indifference of Ayram\u8217\'92s stare broke Mandri\u8217\'92s  indignation, made him lose his train of thought. Mandri shuffled around for the right words, and when he couldn\u8217\'92t find them, he circled back around to where he started. \u8220\'93I mean, why do you care what I do? If I take a short rest and fall behind, then I fall behind, so what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A disrespectful smile flashed out from under Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bushy beard and he snorted a laugh, the kind of laugh that could start a school-yard fight. And he wasn\u8217\'92t the only one looking at Mandri like he\u8217\'92d lost his mind. Moteah\u8217\'92s was especially imperious, looking at Mandri like he was one of those smelly old men who do nothing but wallow in gutter and extol the richness of poverty, the joys of sorrow, the virtues of vice, and annoy everyone with visions of the end of the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s so funny?\u8221\'94 said Mandri. He was careful to say it in Seb\u8217\'92s direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you blind?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl pointed up at the eastern slope. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you must be dumb,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93because there\u8217\'92s a demon }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 right}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  there.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked and saw nothing but a bunch of red rocks and that sway-backed block of sandstone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What, are you talking about?\u8221\'94, he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  blind.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl bent down, picked up a rock, then side-armed it up the eastern slope.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri spun around in time to see the rock smack into a boulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boulder flinched and flashed it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s yellow fangs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93OH, shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thing was right there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 right there\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 squatting plain as day above the stone on which Mandri planned to rest. It was a hairless, red, lizard skinned demon that blended in so neatly with the sandstone that as it settled back into its imperious, statuesque pose, Mandri lost sight of it, though only for a moment, for when Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind adjusted, the creature\u8217\'92s rock print pattern was betrayed by the organic forms of its corded muscle roping around its arms and legs, and these were human arms and legs, or rather, human-ish, for the proportions were all stretched out and it\u8217\'92s feet and hands were something else entirely. The feet were sharp-taloned and hawkish, and the fingers were curled and clawed like those of a long-lived pillow lizard. It\u8217\'92s face was a more compact admixture of the grotesque; the scrunched-up snout of a flat-faced pig, the nose and drooling flews of a hunting hound, and the outsized skull of a newborn babe,  scaled with lizardskin like everything else. Its eyes were yellow, snake-slitted, unblinking, and fixated on Mandrameen. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked to Ayram. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not gonna kill it!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram did nothing but laugh. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto was a tight-lipped smiler with a dominant lower-lip, and sometimes, as now, that bottom lip pushed the smile into the realm of confusion; half-smile, half-frown, half-what-is-wrong-with-you?.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not worth the effort\u8221\'94, said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 demon,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So? It\u8217\'92s not going sit there and let you kill it. It\u8217\'92s going to run away, and then you have to chase it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s mostly harmless,\u8221\'94 said Moteah. \u8220\'93Demons are flighty creatures. You\u8217\'92ll be fine as long as you don\u8217\'92t present yourself as meat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you sayin\u8217\'92 he ain\u8217\'92t gonna be fine,\u8221\'94 Seb said t.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe what he was hearing. \u8220\'93What about those pilgrims on those poles?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93That thing needs to be put down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stood up, crossed his arms, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got a sword. If you want it dead, go kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri eyed the demon again. The damned thing was still staring at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, uh\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m not confident in my demon slaying abilities.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That drew another turn of laughter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does that mean you\u8217\'92re ready to move along?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s going to follow us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It won\u8217\'92t do anything,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93That thing is as scared of me as you are of it. And it\u8217\'92s as dumb as a hammer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl hit it with a rock and it still thinks that we can\u8217\'92t see it. You have eye contact with the damned thing, and it\u8217\'92s still thinks that you are looking at rocks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shook his head at the demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stupidity. Then he reached down, grabbed an Ayram-sized throwing stone and rolled the odd shape around in his hand until he found a good grip. Then he fixed his gaze on the demon, and like whip he , and he zipped that rock straight at that demon\u8217\'92s mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SMACK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rock exploded into fragments and dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The demon shrieked in surprise and then blood gargled pain as it tumbled back against the rocky slope. It tried to scramble upright, but Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stone had robbed it of it\u8217\'92s legs of confidence. It juddered and slipped and fell again. It\u8217\'92s face was such a bloody, broken mess, yet well-put-together considering the awful speed of Ayram\u8217\'92s stone. It didn\u8217\'92t take long for the demon to gather it\u8217\'92s bearings and scramble up the eastern slope on all fours, body low to the ground, leaping boulder to boulder. When it disappeared above the valley rim, Ayram bellowed out an exultant \u8220\'93Yih!\u8221\'94, and this sent another turn of chuckling through the Ayramun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The violence put an energy into Ayram. Rejuvinated. A man who means what says, , loosened him to. He waved a grand arm towards the boulder of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desire. \u8220\'93Looks like your rock is safe now,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You can climb up there and lay down for as along as you like.\u8221\'94 He said it as if it were a dare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll follow you,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Following me counts as signing up to be Ayramun. And being Ayramun means you do what I say. You understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, no backtalk\u8230\'85 And that goes for you too, Seb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb scoffed at this sudden turn, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t backtalk, I give suggestions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then no suggestions either! I swear, you got me halfway to breaking your jaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Ayram was confident that Seb had absorbed enough of his ire to fall in line, he turned again to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you understand me then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, speak it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand. I\u8217\'92ll follow you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good... But for now you\u8217\'92ll be following Moto.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto perked up and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to finish the demon off?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to scout for the Hrks,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. Then he added, smiling, \u8220\'93and if I happen to smash a demon\u8217\'92s skull on the way, then the world is better for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where you want to meet up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s like the Mayzd predicted and there\u8217\'92s no one in Shulgi, then we\u8217\'92ll meet in Shulgi. The highest columned cave. Otherwise\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92ll find you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that, he grabbed his spud bar and leapt up the eastern slope, jumping from rock to rock with a flowing, dexterous, grace that defied his giant frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His leaving left a silent void unbroken until Elrahet growled in disappointment. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to walk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She climbed out of the pack and stretched her legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whose going to carry these two?\u8221\'94 She asked, kicking the bag of bodies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto smiled at Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to be joining us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it\u8217\'92s time you pulled your weight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto reached down into Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack and pulled out Obo\u8217\'92s pale and lifeless corpse by the neck. Then he grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s litter and stuffed Obo into it as best he could. Then Moto began to fish for the Riga.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry Obo,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93but I\u8217\'92m telling you, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 cannot}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  carry both of them. My back is already near breaking.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto froze, looked Mandri square in the eye and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll do what I tell you to do.\u8221\'94 Moto\u8217\'92s avowed violence, clammed Mandri up, though it had the opposite effect on Moteah. She laughed, laughed bright and clear as if }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted to her and his brow furled in rage. \u8220\'93You got something to say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on,\u8221\'94 said Moteah. \u8220\'93Look at him. He\u8217\'92s a twig. He can\u8217\'92t carry all that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw went tight. He stood up straight, straight as so that his could reach that air of authority, and he pointed a finger at Mandrameen, \u8220\'93If he\u8217\'92s not gonna carry the Riga,\u8221\'94 the finger moved to Moteah,  \u8220\'93then }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  will carry the Riga.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah scoffed and settled into that incredulous hands-on-sidethrust-hip pose that drives angry men over the cliff, and not to be outskilled in art of finger-wagging, she pointed hers right back at Moto and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about, for once, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 take up the weight of responsibility when Ayram gives it to you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All the muscles in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders tensed up, and like a frilled lizard unfurling it\u8217\'92s threat display, he rolled back in his hips and  about whether or not pummel her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb spat a wad of kackle? juice in between the siblings. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry it,\u8221\'94 he grumbled. \u8220\'93If\u8217\'92n it means you two stop barkin\u8217\'92 and we can get on with it, I\u8217\'92ll carry the damned thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no room in your pack,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For Sol\u8217\'92s sake, lash it to my pack then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb unshouldered his pack and dropped it at Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. Moto, unhappy with Seb\u8217\'92s act of charity, kept his grudging eyes fixed on his sister as he pulled the Riga child up out of Ayram\u8217\'92s pack. A few wraps and knots of vinecord later, and the dead Riga was fixed in a harness to Seb\u8217\'92s pack. The Riga was completely, still swaddled in black, was unsettling sight when Seb walked, for the child\u8217\'92s head lolled from side to side as if it were merely asleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb bore his heavy pack with the stolidity of an ox, and he charged ahead into the canyon beyond, though his springy kick-step was reduced to hurried shuffle under the weight. Elrahet followed after him, and then Purl after her, and then Moteah brushed by her brother bearing a look of utter distaste. That left Mandri alone to with to deal with Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shortened fuse. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stuffed as Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack was, both of Obo\u8217\'92s forearms couldn\u8217\'92t fit, and with the drawstring tight around them, they stuck straight up into the air like a white rabbit\u8217\'92s ears. When Mandri got the pack settled on his shoulders, Obo\u8217\'92s limp-wristed hands flopped against the back of his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stopped him from fixing the issue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walk,\u8221\'94 he said, and Mandri walked.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old Elrahet was the new pacesetter, and so their slow march into the evening was a welcome relief to Mandrameen. The canyon shadows grew black and the brilliant blue of the sky overhead dimmed into purpler hues. It was near the golden hour when the path led up a steep rise and emptied out onto the heights of the Goree plateau. Behind them was the bewildering maze of canyon cracks that stretched out for miles before fading into the dark rift of the Pass. In front of them was a structure that blurred the line between the work of Nature and the work of humanity, for at once it was both a building and a mountain, at once a fat, flat-topped spire of stone and a temple whose walls were embossed with geometric patterns composed of simple shapes; circles, diamonds, squares, and triangles, and these shapes came together to roughly resemble faces. Animal faces, demonic faces, faces inside of faces. An oval the size of four-floor building demarcated the edges of a fox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gape, and the nostrils of the fox were the eyes of a crow, and the beak of the crow was the nose of a snarling demon. These designs wrapped around the lower floors, though these were still high up, for the temple sat on top of a sloping hill of rock rubble, rubble laid down by both the right and left despoiling hands: time and humanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was Shulgi, the sanctuary of the Greskalun, and Mandri had never seen its like in a painting. All the monumental wonders of humanity get their place in Hrkan art, and so by rights Shulgi should have been included. The Hrkan brush is especially attracted to the monuments of the outland tribes, for the glories of the conquered can only heighten the glory of the Hrkan conqueror. This temple would have been one of the brightest jewels in the crown of crowns, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s even after accounting for the effects of the bewitching evening sun whose amber rays made the structure seem to burst in flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lack of its account in Hrkan art could only be explained by ignorance. The Hrkan Lords did not know of it. If they did, they would have swept away the Greskalun a long time ago, and if they learned of it now, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have a much easier time of it because the building was an empty husk. Above the graven faces on the temple\u8217\'92s wall were rows of mullioned arch windows, each as black and empty of candlelight as the last. If this were a living temple, there would be light, there would be movement, there would be voices chanting Old Jandri hymns with all the guttural intensity of a lizard litter that\u8217\'92s been brushed with the scent of a female. But the air was silent save for the whistling wind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto jogged past Mandri to take up his rightful place at the head of the Ayramless column. Then he led them all up Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mound. It felt to Mandri like he was being led to his doom, for Shulgi\u8217\'92s yawning entrance arch was the open mouth of a triangle-headed snake. Moto pulled his sword as he approached, as if he were about to do battle with the building itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get a torch going,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was a step ahead of him, already striking sparks of flint onto a bundle of torch sticks she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stuck in the ground. The dried resin caught flame quickly, and soon it was burning brightly, sending a thick cloud of black smoke swirling into the air. Moto yanked the torch out of the ground and thrust it into the temple interior. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he did, a swarm of bats flew out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew it wasn\u8217\'92t empty,\u8221\'94 Moto declared as he watched the bats swirl around the temple wall, screeching, and then disappear back into some unseen hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells too foul to be empty,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl frowned and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells like stale piss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose you would know,\u8221\'94 said Purl as she followed Moto\u8217\'92s light into the temple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet were glad to be on smooth, flat stone. And he was glad to be \u8216\'91inside\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was a distinction that he forgot existed after spending so long wandering in the wilderness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Insideness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So what if there were bats? Bats were fine. Aside from the Ayramun and the bats, and maybe lizards, Mandri was confident that nothing else was inside. No demon would set foot in such a sacred place. Looters would, but if they had discovered this temple, then there wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be a giant golden statue of Solraheen holding court at the back of the entrance hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As far as statues of the Most Favored go, this one was a common Old Jandri design, called the closet style, where Solraheen is shown sitting so as to mark the place as His dwelling. His body is smooth and featureless. His face is round, alive, and enlightened. His pose is rigid as a board. The Hrks would later give Him the muscles of a hero, but this was older, and if oldness is closer to truth, it was truer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had never seen an idol this this big. Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Solraheen was at least twenty feet tall, and He dominated the hall. Where others were usually inset into a wall, sitting on a notch of stone, this one sat upon a bronze throne pillowed with opalescent lizard hides polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto held his torch aloft, and its dancing flame made the statue glitter in the dimness, though Solraheen and His throne did not glitter as brightly as Mandrameen expected. A thin layer of dust dulled the luster. And worse: Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden skin was sickly green.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But pure gold cannot tarnish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri winced at the iniquity. No wonder Solraheen did not deliver the Greskalun from their suffering, for they had polluted His flesh with impure metals, and worse: at His feet there were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine. This was narrative proximity. It could only mean that the Greskalun were bathing their God in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish. One indignity to wash away another. They should have settled for a smaller statue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 None of the Ayramun seemed to care about any of this. Moto marched right past Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left leg, and everyone followed him into the blackness of a sharp-arched doorway. Mandri huffed, and followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto led them up a narrow stairwell. Their shuffling feet and Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haggard grunts of effort echoed out and echoed back as if they were being followed by their own ghosts. These were troublesome stairs, steep, and every step had to be dealt with on its own terms. Every step had it\u8217\'92s own unique slump of a face from the wear of ages. They looked more like layers of melted wax than stone. And three flights up, Mandri noticed a black stain on one of these steps, and this stain climbed up the stairs with him as he went. He supposed it was the result of an oil drip from an uncared-for lamp somewhere above, but there were no lampholds bolted to the wall, only the black soot of torches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t oil, well, it could be a number of other substances. Could be that in the bustle to escape, someone knocked over a keg of dark, rye beer, and that pooled up and found a groove and poured down the stairs. But Mandri supposed it was blood. In fact, he felt certain that it was blood. It had explanatory power. It explained more than the mere presence of a stair stain. It explained the , and the, , and his fears were all but confirmed when Moto, who was still stomping along up above, suddenly stopped. Everyone behind him bumped into each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice quivered. \u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85I think we should go back down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet scoffed at the suggestion and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going back down. We\u8217\'92re right here, so get a move on!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto relented, and they all filtered into a long room that had windows open to the evening light, plenty of light for them to see the pallid body of a man curled up on the floor, his dessicated flesh framed by a void-stain of blood. Between him and the Ayramun was a wind-swept pile of white ash from a long-dead fire, and these wind-swept trails of ash had swirled around the room to speckle the floor and walls and the scattered remains of all creatures. Lizards, bats, foxes, mice, beetles. At least two humans. One man in a dark corner, his dessicated head still attached to his spine. One older woman, nearer to the fire. What indignities had been done to her had been done, Mandri hoped, when she was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet broke the stunned silence when she waddled up to that blood-drained fellow by the pile of ash and poked him hard with her staff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do so much as jiggle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This man, face down, was as bald as Obo and nearly as pale. He was wearing a green robe. Elrahet bent down and rubbed the fabric between her fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The robe of Greskal\u8217\'92s prince,\u8221\'94 she said confidently. \u8220\'93Is that what we have here, do you think? Is this young Greskaleen? Or a scrounger with a stolen robe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is interesting\u8230\'85 he was growing horns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chin towards the Ayramun with the tip of her cane, and sure enough, there were two fleshy nubs protruding from the dead man\u8217\'92s forehead. His jaw lolled open and his eyes were reduced to a brownish goo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Long dead, and yet there\u8217\'92s not a grub on him. And the bats have stayn away as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Everyone, back out. We\u8217\'92re not waiting in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 Elrahet snapped. She stabbed the floor with her cane and said, \u8220\'93Ayram said to wait in this room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Moto, \u8220\'93Ayram said to wait in this room if the temple is empty. I don\u8217\'92t know what you call this, but this is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  empty.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re afeared of this man\u8217\'92s killer, then your fears are. This man killed himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He killed himself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Took out his own stomach, I think. I bet it\u8217\'92s lying under his body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does it mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t be sure until he\u8217\'92s been flipped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Expectant eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you want to be gone, then be gone. Know that I\u8217\'92ll be listening keen for when Ayram slaps you silly for leaving his witch behind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayramun relax. Spread out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone flip this creature for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, go help the woman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri accepted, knowing Moto would take it out on him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want me to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at that\u8230\'85Still fresh as the day it was cut out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stopped in his tracks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll sound like a faint slap. I suppose you\u8217\'92ll hear it much better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They take off their packs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now we wait for Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take out the looking crystal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sees a demon - there it is!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Night-time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shows up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram is spooked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did ya find the Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did ya find-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, what did I say\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was only askin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you looking for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Demons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri saw one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It crawled down into that weird hole over there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They split up. One group is lost, and I set a false trail for the other. They won\u8217\'92t be here until morning.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like ants seeking food.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see one!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There, crawling on all fours, unaware.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then another crawled out, signaled to other in a rocking motion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the number of limbs. Some had six limbs, some had four, some had an uncountable number, insect-like, and some were missing heads altogether, that the head was a limb that could be left-out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bats fly out of the hole. Black bats. Mandri he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d shove that fact in Obo\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No horn of battle. They slipped down the crack, as silent as lizards on the hunt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A distant shout of fury. Only human throats. The light of the torches were snuffed out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A blood-thirsty screech of a bat given the lungs of ox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Poured fourth. At least two hundred. searching for him and the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look on with doom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leaping across cracks, inhuman.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We need to leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And go where? We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve trapped ourselves like a dingo of fools.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri - electric fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her sudden fury.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring me the Mazyd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t fight them all. We can\u8217\'92t run. We bring the mazyd and let them be consumed by his fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not sacrifice all of my people just to waste my Mazyd on a horde of demons. Let the Hrks deal with them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hrks will deal with them, sure, as they pick their teeth with our bones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet bowed towards Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, the choice is yours, my Lord Ayram. But before you decide to fend them off with your iron, remember: one demon is a nuisance, twenty is a fright, hundreds mean an Amalgamete swells out of sight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram slams in frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. Do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet turned to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring me the Mazyd,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And the Riga.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stepped forward. Spins around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Riga child limp. Blood spilled from it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatchu mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bustle as they untie the Riga from Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack. Elrahet looks over it on the floor, her questing fingers digging into the.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s throat is crushed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet, sat back, defeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you do, Seb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t do anything. It was on my back the whole time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is it\u8217\'92s throat crushed? Did you sit back against a?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t do anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure you didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, I didn\u8217\'92t see you offerin\u8217\'92 to carry the damn thing. It\u8217\'92s same as always with you. Do nothin an blame me for pulling extra weight. Well I\u8217\'92m sorry the Riga is spoilt, but I\u8217\'92ll go find.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram, intimidating. Seb cowering.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s over, then. There\u8217\'92s no bringing this body back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said be QUIET!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his eyes were the fires of all those lives he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spent to try and tame the Mazyd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Breathe a sound and I will gut you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tosses him before Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Use him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The witch looked down at Seb, amused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For what?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Use his Spark to bring back the Mazyd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This ulcerous stomach is still half-grown, old as it is. His Spark is as dim as a child\u8217\'92s. Might as well catch the wind with a thimble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What to do with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb prostrates himself before Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I made a mistake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb\u8230\'85 you know how many men I\u8217\'92ve killed, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hundreds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did I kill them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because they are Evil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. No, they weren\u8217\'92t evil. Those demons outside, those are evil. Many of the men I\u8217\'92ve killed were good men. Better than you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leans down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I killed them because they tried to stop me. And where they all failed, here you are, succeeding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was an accident.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would it be fair to those good men to let you go free, just because you didn\u8217\'92t mean to do it? You see, Seb, it\u8217\'92s not that you are an enemy of mine, it\u8217\'92s that you are an enemy of my mission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry. I\u8217\'92m sorry. Forgive me. Please\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tug at my mercy, whelp. I have none.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you are Ayramun, I will give you one chance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anything. I\u8217\'92ll do anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s only one thing you can do to prove your devotion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram pulled Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blade from out his belt, and set it on the ground. \u8220\'93Kill yourself,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram glowered over Seb, who had ceased his whimpering as soon .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obey me,\u8221\'94 Ayram demanded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blood threaded through the cracks in the tiled floor, a river .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feel no sympathy,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, \u8220\'93for his fate may be our own. Demons come for our very Sparks and so you must kill yourselves lest they capture you alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri still felt a little sympathy. His eyes were on those God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s an Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea.\u8221\'94\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}