{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs48\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Speciation in Mammals and the Genetic Species Concept }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Robert J. Baker, Robert D. Bradley }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://academic.oup.com/jmammal/article/87/4/643/962134"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://academic.oup.com/jmammal/article/87/4/643/962134}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRagxetXik0"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRagxetXik0}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taxonomic and systematic literature pertaining to issues concerning species, speciation models, and whether species even exist in nature is voluminous. Even if one restricts the review to vertebrates and narrows the topics to species concepts and how to theoretically recognize species, the literature is impressive (e.g.,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 laridge et al. 1997}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 oyne and Orr 2004}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 H}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 oward and Berlocher 1998}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 W}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 heeler and Meier 2000}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ). Further, the definition of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93species\u8221\'94 includes remarkable disparity concerning complexity, criteria, and application. For example, 4 definitions include phraseology such as \u8220\'93re-productively isolated from other such groups\u8221\'94 (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ayr 1942:120}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93tokogenetic entities that function in the phyloge-netic system\u8221\'94 (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 W}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 iley and Mayden 2000:74}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the smallest aggregation \u8230\'85 diagnosable by a unique combination of character states\u8221\'94 (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 W}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 heeler and Platnick 2000:58}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), and \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93smallest monophyletic groups deemed worthy of formal recognition\u8221\'94 (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ishler and Theriot 2000:47}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ). Employing such variation and associated criteria in an application of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93species concepts\u8221\'94 would clearly alter the number of recognized species.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Complexity of species definitions is not new; the 1st volume of the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Journal of Mammalogy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~contained evidence of philosophical differences between\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 erriam (1919)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 averner (1920)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~on how to delineate species of mammals. Merriam opposed efforts to invoke the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93criterion of intergradations\u8221\'94 as a measure of hybridization between morphological types, whereas Taverner (1920:126) stated \u8220\'93the species is a definite entity and its essential quality is its genetic isolation.\u8221\'94 Merriam's (1919:7) position was typological and interpreted by Engstrom et al. (1994:181) as a defense of the Morphological Species Concept.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 E}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ngstrom et al. (1994)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~proposed\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 averner (1920)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~position as recognition for the Biological Species Concept. However, we interpret Taverner's position as more likely to embrace the Genetic Species Concept (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ateson 1909}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) than the Biological Species Concept. This difference in opinion by mammalogists, at the time of the origin of the American Society of Mammalogists, indicates that species recognition has been a protracted evaluation of species models and their applications. As noted by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 E}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ngstrom et al. (1994)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , Merriam's species concept resulted in recognition of 2 genera and 78 species of brown bears (}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ursus arctos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) that currently (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 H}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 all 1984}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) are recognized as a single species. Interestingly, a single species of brown bear originally was advanced by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 llen (1876)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~in his seminal work on intraspecific geographic variability in mammals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >Mammalogists, for the most part, have avoided debate on species concepts, but most investigators follow a particular species definition. Most catalogues and checklists of species, such as\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 W}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ilson and Reeder (1993}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 005)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , generally are not constructed under a single species concept but reflect diversity in philosophy of individual authors. Consequently, they appear to be accepted with little reference or adherence to species definitions and with little concern for conceptual standards (species concepts). Historically, there has been moderate to strong support for the Biological Species Concept among mammalogists (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ayr 1942}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ). However, there has been a trend in recent issues of\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Journal of Mammalogy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~toward application of the Phylogenetic Species Concept defining monophyletic clades in phylogenetic trees identified by shared derived character states as species. Reasons that the Biological Species Concept has been accepted widely among mammalogists include the fact that all mammals are sexually reproducing and most are diploid (polyploidy is rare\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 allardo et al. 1999}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 vartman et al. 2005}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ). Further, there is an historical acceptance that a certain level of morphological difference indicates 2 reproductively isolated species (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 orbet 1997}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), which is the basis for recognition of most allopatrically distributed species of mammals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before 1985 and the onset of DNA data sets, most descriptions of extant species of mammals were based on morphological analyses of museum voucher specimens and their associated databases. As early as the 1960s, other data sets (chromosomes, allozymes, scanning electron microscopy, etc.) to discriminate species were available, but they were championed by few mammalian systematists because they often required extensive expertise, expensive equipment, specific types of samples (in vitro incubated bone marrow, specially fixed tissues, etc.), or even laboratory colonies not available to the systematics community at large. Further, most mammalogists concerned with recognition of species and their relationship to other Linnaean taxa were affiliated with natural history museums. This affiliation allowed individuals to share comparative material and permitted systematists to examine closely related species across geographic ranges of taxa under study. Therefore, in almost all cases, the most comprehensive data set available for comparison of potential species was voucher specimens housed in natural history museums.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is possible that the study of voucher specimens using classical morphology has resulted in a complete and accurate list of species of mammals and that more modern molecular data sets will not reveal many additional species or redefined species boundaries from those recognized in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 W}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ilson and Reeder (1993}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 005)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . However, we argue that there is substantial evidence demonstrating that this is not true.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Methodological advances in molecular biology have led to generation of several genetic-based data sources. These included karyotypic (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 H}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 su 1979}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 atton 1967}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) and starch-gel allozymic data (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 H}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ubby and Lewontin 1966}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 L}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ewontin and Hubby 1966}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) developed in the mid-1960s and DNA-sequence data in the mid-1980s. Examination of these data sets demonstrates that there are cryptic species of mammals that would likely not be recognized based solely on classical studies of morphology of voucher specimens housed in museums.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Cryptic species of mammals identified by karyotypes and allozymes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 There are several examples of mammals that are sympatric and behave as separate species that probably would not have been recognized without data from karyotypes and allozymes. These include\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thomomys bottae-umbrinus}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 atton and Dingman 1968}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Sigmodon arizonae-hispidus-mascotensis}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Z}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 immerman 1970}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Macrotus californicus-waterhousii}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 D}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 avis and Baker 1974}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Mus domesticus-musculus}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 apanna et al. 1976}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Rhogeessa genowaysi-tumida}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 aker 1984}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Lasiurus ega-xanthinus}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 aker et al. 1984}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Sorex araneus-coronatus-granaries}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 H}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ausser et al. 1985}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 earle 1988}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), and\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Peromyscus beatae-boylii-levipes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 H}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ouseal et al. 1987}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 chmidly et al. 1988}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ). In those examples and others noted in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 orbet (1997)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , differences that distinguish 2 or more species were chromosomal and allozymic. Many of those species were sympatric, with no karyotypic or allozymic evidence of hybridization. If hybridization was present, most hybrids were less fertile than nonhybrids and introgression was restricted to a narrow zone, indicating that genetic isolating mechanisms had evolved. Consequently, there was justification for recognition of 2 or more species. Although chromosomal and allozymic data are useful in systematics, neither method provides as much resolution as DNA-sequence data nor are they used as frequently today as are DNA-sequence methods.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Cryptic species of mammals identified by DNA sequences}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Over the last 2 decades, a broad-based DNA-sequence data set has become available to examine biodiversity and speciation in mammals. This data set is a product of methodological advances associated with automated DNA sequencing, polymerase chain reaction, universal primers, GenBank, human genome project, biological informatics, software to analyze such data (reviewed 3 February 2006 at\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://evolution.genetics.washington.edu/phylip/software.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 http://evolution.genetics.washington.edu/phylip/software.html}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), and genetic resource collections associated with voucher specimens. DNA sequencing is available at nearly all research and educational institutions and with GenBank and biological informatics (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 aker et al. 1998}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), studies of local populations or favorite species are possible for many researchers even at smaller institutions with limited budgets and no museum collections.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Initial results from DNA-sequence databases indicate that cryptic species are more common in mammals than previously thought. Some species that have been recognized and described or justified using DNA-sequence data include\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Loxodonta cyclotis}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 R}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ocA et al. 2001}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Carollia sowelli}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 aker et al. 2002}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Neotoma macrotis}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 atocq 2002}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Myotis occultus}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 iaggio et al. 2002}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Notiosorex cockrumi}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 aker et al. 2003}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Lophostoma equatorialis}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 aker et al. 2004}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Peromyscus schmidlyi}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 radley et al. 2004a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Reithrodontomys bakeri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 radley et al. 2004b}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Lagidium boxi}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 potorno et al. 2004a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), and\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thylamys Cinderella}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 raun et al. 2005}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To summarize, there is evidence that species of mammals are unrecognized, and a database of DNA sequences for most mammalian species is now attainable, financially feasible, and rapidly being compiled. It is our position that the DNA database permits substantially more resolution to understand species presence and boundaries than any previously available database. The DNA database permits application of the Genetic Species Concept to understand mammalian biodiversity. Although scientific breakthroughs to generate the DNA database are relatively recent (last 25 years), the Genetic Species Concept (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ateson 1909}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) is not new, and along with the Typological and Biological Species Concept (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 D}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 obzhansky 1937}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ayr 1942}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), is among the oldest species concepts.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::2>Genetic Species Concept<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are multiple definitions and descriptions of what could be interpreted as a Genetic Species Concept (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 vise and Ball 1990}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 aker and Bickham 1986}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ateson 1909}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 utlin 2005}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 D}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 obzhansky 1950}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 asters and Spencer 1989}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ayden 1997}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ayr 1969}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 uller 1939}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 N}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ei 1976}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 chilthuizen 2000}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 impson 1943}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 averner 1920}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ). Most of the ideas that relate to speciation models (including the Genetic Species Concept) have been hashed, rehashed, and tweaked in the literature, and it is not our goal to establish a new concept. It is our goal, however, to organize ideas from the published literature into a pragmatic perspective to explore patterns of genetic variation in mammalian taxa and to accurately identify species and species boundaries to better understand mammalian systematics, evolution, and biodiversity. This perspective is intimately linked to the power of resolution that DNA-sequence and molecular data provide to document species boundaries, hybridization, monophyly, introgression, and so on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We define genetic species as a group of genetically compatible interbreeding natural populations that is genetically isolated from other such groups. Under our definition of the Genetic Species Concept, speciation is the accumulation of genetic changes in 2 lineages (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 B}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ateson 1909}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) that produce genetic isolation and protection of the integrity of the 2 respective gene pools that have independent evolutionary fates. Therefore, the process of speciation depends on divergence in genes, the genome, and chromosome structure (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 heck 2005}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), and species exist when the integrity of 2 gene pools is protected as a consequence of genetic differences in their respective genomes (e.g., as outlined in the Bateson-Dobzhansky-Muller [BDM] model but not restricted to those conditions).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A comparison of our definition of the Genetic Species Concept to the Biological Species Concept, Morphological Species Concept, and Phylogenetic Species Concept is presented in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 able 1}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . How does our definition of the Genetic Species Concept differ from the Biological Species Concept? Under the Biological Species Concept, the definition is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a group of interbreeding natural populations that is reproductively isolated from other such groups\u8221\'94 (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ayr 1942:120}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ). In contrast, genetic isolation is the primary feature of the Genetic Species Concept. Because members of interbreeding populations that do not have reproductive or genetic isolation are recognized as conspecifics and because populations that are reproductively and genetically isolated are recognized as distinct species, these definitions overlap between the 2 concepts. Where the 2 concepts differ is when genetic isolation exists but reproductive isolation does not. In this special case, the Biological Species Concept (sensu\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 D}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 obzhansky [1937]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ayr [1942]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , but see the definition of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 oyne and Orr [2004]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~in chapter 1) would recognize the former as conspecific but the Genetic Species Concept would recognize 2 different species. Although we know of no example in mammals where reproductive isolation has evolved without genetic isolation, it is possible for genetic isolation to evolve without reproductive isolation (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 able 2}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ). There also are differences in levels of interbreeding (hybridization) between 2 genetic species. These can range from production of no hybrids to all sterile hybrids, to a hybrid zone (or zones) that have all combinations of possible crosses with all individuals fertile and with introgression being trivial beyond that zone. In cases where the integrity of the 2 gene pools is maintained, it is our position that these gene pools represent genetic species. Clearly, examples with extensive hybridization with fertile hybrids do not fit the definition \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93species are reproductively isolated from each other\u8221\'94 (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ayr 1942}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 :120). We predict that when genetic profiles become available for populations currently recognized as conspecifics (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:;"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 W}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ilson and Reeder 2005}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), numerous examples of genetically isolated populations that are not reproductively isolated will be identified. Recognizing these examples as genetic species will be the best means to describe biodiversity in mammals.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A.K.A. coarse graining}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITJ3AF3TK5M"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITJ3AF3TK5M}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -everettian }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Being time bounded is a boundary}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Observer takes complexity -takes digestible, into a finite mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Observers equivalence things }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -things that aggregate stuff, and things that weighing balances.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Which distance boundary is real, space or time, or neither, or \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91elementary entaglement speed\u8217\'92?\line Could just be pure computation}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We are model making organisms. We are not climbing around the jungle gym of reality, we are climbing around our own models. ALL knowledge is couched inside our models. So, fundamentally, we cannot \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91know\u8217\'92 anything about reality. What we can do is observe reality and make determinations to the extent that our models correspond to these observations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But even this aspect of quantification is become a problem. Quantification is a boundary defining issue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And this is the problem with models - coarse graining is fundamentally a boundary making operation. It defines boundaries in which none exist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Philosophy is an attempt to find the ontological boundaries which *must* be there at the depths of reality. See Plato\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forms - probe reality to find the perfect form it is an emanation of. Or Kant\u8217\'92s categories. Mysticism is a push in the opposite direction, a push towards denying the existence of any such boundaries, an assertion of a Whole, a pleroma.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But notice that we are already philosophizing. We have defined a boundary between Philosophy and Mysticism. It is fundamentally impossible to speak intelligibly without drawing boundaries, i.e. it is impossible for the speaking mind to not be a philosopher and \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91model-make\u8217\'92 the world. This is why the mystic seeks to quiet the mind, to flee from knowledge and knowledge making by entrancing oneself in meditation, so that all boundaries melt away. To achieve oneness with the divine, a mind must abandon knowledge and embrace unknowing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then comes the question of whether or not the ecstatic mystical experience is actually achieving anything more than reduction to a base state that then gets interpreted as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91unification with the divine truth\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So this is the central tension between mysticism and philosophy - mysticism posits unity, philosophy posits multiplicity. Nothing can be said about unity, because to speak on it would require defining boundaries which do not exist. In contrast, an infinite number of philosophical statements could be uttered, for it is all fundamentally artificial; even if it does correspond with reality (see infinite possiblity space of models/hill climbing).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The modern mind is one which suspects a fundamental unity that gives rise to a multiplicity\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85somehow. (Wolfram ruliad). It tries to uncover the unity via multiplicative language. Is that even possible?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever the case, there is this tension, and assuming that this tension is intensional by God, why? For what purpose? Why define a reality which is fundamentally inaccessible to created beings? Is it curiosity about what kind of models get created? Is beauty a function of ignorance/inaccuracy, and so he wishes to see our ignorance on display in the models we create? Is our model creating behavior fulfilling some kind of function a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91la Teilhard\u8217\'92s Omega Point? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is beautiful, in a way, the particular historic context which defines the line of intellectual thought is striking and wonderfully unique in a truly awesome way. It is so very fascinating. But is fascinating the reason for that tension?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tension - how to get multiplicity from a unity? Wolfram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ruliad. Computational graph theory. Presupposes some sort of fundamental space perhaps. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ontological argument corollary - the greatest god is one which exists and which everything is god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first ontological argument in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Western_Christianity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Western Christian}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~tradition}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontological_argument#cite_note-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 i]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~was proposed by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anselm_of_Canterbury"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Saint Anselm of Canterbury}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~in his 1078 work,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proslogion"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Proslogion}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latin_language"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Latin}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 :\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Proslogium}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Literal_translation"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0\i0 lit.}}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 'Discourse on the Existence of God'), in which he defines God as "a being than which no greater can be conceived," and argues that such a being must exist in the mind, even in that of the person who denies the existence of God.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontological_argument#cite_note-:0-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~From this, he suggests that if the greatest possible being exists in the mind, it must also exist in reality, because if it existed only in the mind, then an even greater being must be possible\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one who exists both in mind and in reality. Therefore, this greatest possible being must exist in reality.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 IF unity is true - why does multiplicity appear? Not how, WHY????}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the reason infinite consciousness limits itself is to experience itself. in the same way you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t experience anything in a dream, unless you limit yourself as something in the dream. even though the whole time the dreamed world and the dreamed body are all one thing }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The nature of thought is to fragment the whole. The fragmentation requires knowledge as belief or concepts. Those concepts and beliefs have been rooted for a lifetime.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look at the reality that the body cannot function separate from \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the environment\u8217\'92. Then find out what beliefs and concepts made you think it could.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Nondualism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~includes a number of philosophical and spiritual traditions that emphasize the absence of fundamental duality or separation in existence }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What sets nondualism apart is its inclination towards\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_experience"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 direct experience}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~as a path to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Understanding"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 understanding}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But is understanding even possible? Understanding requires boundaries - UNDER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nondualism is distinct from\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 monism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~another philosophical concept that deals with the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nature_(philosophy)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 nature}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reality"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 reality}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . \~While both philosophies challenge the conventional understanding of dualism, they approach it differently. Nondualism emphasizes unity amid diversity. In contrast, monism posits that reality is ultimately\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbol_grounding_problem"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 grounded}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~in a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monad_(philosophy)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 singular substance or principle}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , reducing the multiplicity of existence to a singular foundation. The distinction lies in their approach to the relationship between the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neither_one_nor_many"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 many and the one}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-7"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 7]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neither_one_nor_many"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neither_one_nor_many}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Pure experience" does not exist; all experience is mediated by intellectual and cognitive activity }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [N]o unmediated experience is possible, and that in the extreme, language is not simply used to interpret experience but in fact constitutes experience. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The idea of a common essence has been questioned by Yandell, who discerns various "religious experiences" and their corresponding doctrinal settings, which differ in structure and phenomenological content, and in the "evidential value" they present.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199419%E2%80%9323-400"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 362]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Yandell discerns five sorts:}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199423%E2%80%9331-401"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 363]}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Numinous"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Numinous}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~experiences \endash \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monotheism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monotheism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(Jewish, Christian, Vedantic)}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199424%E2%80%9326-402"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 364]}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nirvana"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nirvanic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~experiences \endash \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buddhism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Buddhism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199424%E2%80%9325,_26%E2%80%9327-403"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 365]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~"according to which one sees that the self is but\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anatta"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a bundle of fleeting states}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199424%E2%80%9325-404"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 366]}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kevala_Jnana"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kevala}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~experiences}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199430-405"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 367]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\endash \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jainism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jainism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199425-406"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 368]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~"according to which one sees the self as an indestructible subject of experience"}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199425-406"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 368]}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4.	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moksha"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moksha}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~experiences}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199429-407"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 369]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\endash  Hinduism,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199425-406"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 368]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Brahman "either as a cosmic person, or, quite differently, as qualityless"}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199425-406"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 368]}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nature mystical experience}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nondualism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEYandell199430-405"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 367]}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Church fathers refuse to look through the telescope.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The perennial philosophy}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We can only love what we know, and we can never know completely what we do not love. Love is a mode of knowledge ..." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baruch_Spinoza"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baruch Spinoza}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 's formulation of pantheism in the 17th century constitutes a seminal European manifestation of nondualism. His philosophical work, especially expounded in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethics_(Spinoza_book)"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ethics}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~posits a radical idea that fuses divinity with the material world, suggesting that God and the universe are not separate entities but different facets of a single underlying substance. In his worldview, the finite and the infinite are harmoniously interwoven, challenging\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ren%C3%A9_Descartes"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9 Descartes}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 '\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mind%E2%80%93body_dualism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dualistic perspective}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thomism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , though not non-dual in the ordinary sense, considers the unity of God so absolute that even the duality of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subject_(grammar)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 subject}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Predicate_(grammar)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 predicate}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , to describe him, can be true only by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analogy"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 analogy}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . In Thomist thought, even the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tetragrammaton"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tetragrammaton}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is only an approximate name, since "I am" involves a predicate whose own essence is its subject. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God revealing through history}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Observation - tension between multiplicity and unity. Exploring the boundary between these.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the boundaries are violated, we become upset. Causes pain. Constant chafing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Among the developments that resulted in the revival of metaphysical theorizing were\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Willard_Van_Orman_Quine"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quine}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 's attack on the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analytic_proposition"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 analytic\endash synthetic distinction}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , which was generally considered to weaken\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rudolf_Carnap"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carnap}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 's distinction between existence questions internal to a framework and those external to it.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analytic_philosophy#cite_note-36"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 36]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Important also for the revival of metaphysics was the further development of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modal_logic"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 modal logic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , including the work of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saul_Kripke"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Saul Kripke}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , who argued in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naming_and_Necessity"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Naming and Necessity}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and elsewhere for the existence of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Essence"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 essences}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and the possibility of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alethic_modal_logic"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 necessary}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_posteriori"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a posteriori}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~truths }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Analytic philosophy is an attempt to rescue knowledge about the external world from the trap of german idealism. Russell and Moore reacting to the neo-hegelianism of their day. The thought that if they could give an account of the relationships between things. A system which could distinguish between sense and nonsense, and truth and falseness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Philosophy is the art of putting boundaries up. Putting rubber band around things to group them, and then ask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93what is this thing, what are its qualities?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Why it\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s important to say that boundaries are real - metaphysics ooperates as much on defining what is *not* - there is a *real* boundary between possibility and actuality.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}