{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The god-eye burgeon was heavy in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pocket. It was there and it was always there. He could think of little else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 More precisely, he could think of nothing but the god-eye sight. That burgeon had pulled back the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s veil to reveal shimmering threads which appeared, somehow, to actuate all events. And Elrahet could cut them. He\u8217\'92d realized that, back in the pit cave, when she was wielding that Black knife, she\u8217\'92d cut him right out of the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t normally mind being played with in such a way, so long as he\u8217\'92d agreed to it. Waste away on a farm outside of Meskalim? That was his choice. But all this, this was too much. Elrahet had simply done what she wanted to do to  him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A new day progressed, and he still could not think about anything else. The sight of that lifted veil and those shimmering threads carpeting the world gripped him. He suspected that he could not pull away from those thoughts because he was walking; something about forward locomotion prevented lateral thinking. This explained why Outland pokes were stunted intellectually, as too much walking meant not enough time to stop and think. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t their fault, because even if they wanted to take pause, they couldn\u8217\'92t, because they had places to be. Critical thought required a kind of recumbent ease which couldn\u8217\'92t be found in such a shadeless expanse. Even in the shade, there was the matter of the heat. Movement and the sun\u8217\'92s heat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those together prevented thought. And so, as it was, he actually had to stop walking to ask Moteah a question. She was trudging along just behind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long have you known her?\u8221\'94 he asked. The question left Moteah confused, so he asked it again. \u8220\'93I said, how long have you known her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you ask?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, trust is built over time. So, in a sense, I suppose I\u8217\'92m asking why you trust her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. You want to know what kind of witch she is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri nodded, Moteah looked past him towards Elrahet, who was some distance ahead, trailing Ayram. She cupped her voice and called out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93El!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch stopped in her tracks and stared back. Her face was lost in the shadow of her cowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri wants to know!\u8221\'94 Moteah called.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet drew an overhead arc in the air with her walking cane, then she turned back towards Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trail and continued the march.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That means she\u8217\'92ll tell you tonight,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, and she pushed Mandri along.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The much anticipated night came quickly. Mandri helped to build the fire, though his role was reduced to gathering fuel, as Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be trusted to rub two sticks together. \u8216\'91Maker of fire\u8217\'92 was a role reserved for truer, more reliable men, like Moto. When the fire was finished, Mandri was allowed to sit as close to the fire as he could. When everyone had gathered, Moteah gently reminded Elrahet of Mandri\u8217\'92s request.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ask again, and I won\u8217\'92t tell it,\u8221\'94 Elrahet warned. She was sitting as close to the fire as Mandri, warming her bony knees. Moteah passed around a bag of jerked beef. Moto was gracious enough to share another skin of wine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a generosity which led Mandri to wonder if this was a final meal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The night settled in. The starry sky was bright. The air was pleasant, if cold. There was scuffle nearby as a grizzled desert rat met its end in the jaws of something that slithered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest hand wore on, and Mandri began to suspect that Elrahet had died with her eyes stuck open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where to begin?\u8221\'94 she grumbled. After another finger of contemplation, she said, \u8220\'93It is likely that the boy\u8217\'92s mind is too foul to fathom it.\u8221\'94 Her eyes flicked to the stars. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Begin at the beginning,\u8221\'94 Ayram suggested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93More might have come before the beginning. Solraheen was born into the Void, and so there He was. Solraheen inside the Black. Outside of it, the White. How did these three come to be? None can say. No, not even the Solitants.\u8221\'94 She looked at Mandri as she poisoned the name of that religious order.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri took a swig of the tasteless wine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you hate the Solitants so much?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet sneered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take or leave my story, boy, but first it must be given.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She means, shut up,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m listening. She said Solraheen came from somewhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everyone stared at him like he was an idiot. Everyone but Ayram. Ayram was half asleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be quiet.\u8221\'94 He poked the cork back in the wineskin to show that he was done interrupting, and passed it on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was Solraheen, the Black, and the Infinite White,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said, recentering her story. \u8220\'93There was no sun, nor moon, no years to measure the passing of the ages. Solraheen spent this time alone. A hundred, thousand, million years alone. When He had enough of eternity, He uttered the first word, and this did pull a Spark from the White to join Him in the Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She spat into the fire, sending a spout of sparks swirling into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From the Spark\u8217\'92s substance, He molded a garden world. He fashioned land and sea for His enjoyment. He pulled up all manner of living creatures for His companionship. It was beautiful. Yet, beauty loses its charm when it stays the same, for Sameness was what He created. Order. Impotence. Each day identical to the day before. Thus, His garden did not give Him pleasure. Dull rock and stolid bough did remind him of that eternity stuck inside the Black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In His boundless wisdom, He brought forth a new creation, wherein living creatures no longer merely lived, they mated. They delivered offspring. There were children, all of them different from each other and from their forebears. That was not all. Solraheen gave these living things brighter Sparks than they\u8217\'92d had before, such Sparks as we possess. In so doing, He condemned them all to die, for the heat of their bright Sparks did slowly burn and kill them. For that is the purpose of death\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 death is the plow which turns the world over and gives seedlings room to grow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of that when you judge Solraheen for condemning all life to death. Know that death comes for the sake of a deeper, flowing purpose; purpose such as Solraheen Himself could not dream of. Each death destroys a shadow, letting the sun shine on new life, that it might grow tall, taller than can be dreamed. In this way, Solraheen believed that His work must be free from His own designs, that it might grow up to become what it could be on its own terms. Any proud and loving parent would die that their children might live to reach beyond them. You yourself told a story to that effect. The Carpenter and the Wastrel? A good story. And lo, Solraheen did lay down to die, and die He did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He killed Himself?\u8221\'94 Mandri blurted out. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how He died.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah smacked him on the back of his head. Wounded, he fished for sympathy from the rest of those gathered, but found none. He shrank back, and Elrahet continued on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen did lay down to die\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 BUT!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 He did not fully die. Against His will, His body did awaken, possessed by a different mind. This mind was none other than the mind of His brother, Schisol.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was a telling that went too far. There were acceptably familiar elements, yes, but the old woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words were baited with blasphemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen and Schisol, of the same flesh? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Absurd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She would be cursed if she went any further.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol awoke inhabiting Solraheen\u8217\'92s body, knowing nothing. He had no knowledge of the world, or of Solraheen who came before. He wandered His brother\u8217\'92s garden as confused as any of us. Yet, as the ages passed His mind matured, and so did His stomach. He felt the heat of the Sparked creatures and grew sorry for them. He saw how their every breath was an invisible flame, how their bodies were burning, slowly, until death. He bore their endless cycle of loneliness and pain, and He came to believe that creation was a corruption. He opened up their stomachs and learned that all of their Sparks had been pulled from the infinite White, and from this revelation He devised a cure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 loneliness and death would disappear if all Sparks were to be reunited together again in sacred communion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, Schisol set about destroying the garden, collecting stomachs as he went, joining their Sparks together. It took Him a long age, yet He prevailed. The last to join with the White was Himself. And so, He killed Himself, but He did not fully die, for against His will His body did wake again, this time, in the possession of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen awoke into the Black. He had no memory of what had occurred while Schisol was in control of Their form. He had no memory of Schisol. He knew only that He did lay down to die amongst a beautiful world and awoke into emptiness. He blamed Himself for the disappearance of His creation. Though His grief was immeasurable, He began His work once more. This time, He selected a number from amongst the living creatures and invested them with Mind, so that they could, in His absence, act as stewards of creation. These were the first humans, and they wandered the land, sailed the seas, fulfilling their duty admirably, living peaceably with each other. Once again, Solraheen was satisfied, and as before, He laid down to die so that His creation could come into its own. But instead of dying, His body did rise again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol awoke into His worst nightmare, for He saw how a Spark had once again been shattered. Another miserable garden had blossomed, trapping all of the Spark\u8217\'92s splinters into a never-ending cycle of death, suffering, and despair. Amongst the lonely creatures that roamed this garden were the saddest, loneliest, most temperamental creatures imaginable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 humans. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol set out to destroy creation for a second time. To hasten this end, He explained to humanity their suffering, how it was caused by the splitting of the Spark, and He promised an end, and to this end He did enlist their aid. Creation would be dismantled. All would be made whole once more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Some were swayed. Others remembered the teachings of Solraheen and resisted. Schisol inflicted tortures upon these schismatics, but this pain only transformed His victims into beings of tremendous power\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 gods. And lo, the gods arrayed themselves against Schisol and His minions. A cataclysmic battle took place. Many were killed. Schisol, too, was slain. But He was not completely dead. His body arose again, possessed, you can believe, by Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen awoke into a land laid waste by war. He asked the struggling humans what had happened, though He did not understand their stories, for the people claimed that He Himself had ordered the slaughter. They told of many men and women who did consecrate this dark command. They told of others who resisted. Solraheen listened, and from amongst the righteous He lifted up a girl. He made this girl His Envoy. He fed her his flesh, that her Spark might never burn through her flesh. Together, they set out to regenerate the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol\u8217\'92s minions, still living, heard all this and believed that their god had betrayed them. Thus, from the Sparks of the dead they summoned the first Burshageet. This creature gave birth to the foulest of demons, a dark assassin with venom spun from shadows. It did murder Solraheen, even in the brightness of day. But He did not die, as you can believe, for He arose again as Schisol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen\u8217\'92s child ran to Him, thinking she was running to her master. It was then that the truth of Their dual nature was made plain. When Schisol learned that His own hands were responsible for the creation of life and death, His rage was boundless\u8230\'85What calmed Him was the hope that He could send a message to His brother and make Him see fit to end all this senseless suffering. But as Schisol did not trust Solraheen\u8217\'92s chosen child, He raised up another young woman for Himself and fed her from his body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And lo, was Schisol\u8217\'92s Shadow made; a dark witch. Schisol shared His message with her, and only then did He end Himself, that Solraheen might arise and learn the truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can believe that Schisol\u8217\'92s message was ill received by Solraheen. War followed. Long and bloody. While the Schisol lived, Solraheen\u8217\'92s blessed were martyred, and their purified Sparks transformed into gods who did join unto each other to unmake Schisol\u8217\'92s terror. When Solraheen lived, Schisol\u8217\'92s minions raised armies of demons to defy Him. This war lasted ages. In a desperate attempt to end this ceaseless struggle, Solraheen called down a piece of the Black, what you call Fabled Black, and it fell from the sky as a meteor to undo His body. He did this so as to prevent Schisol from ever rising again. And so we sit in this uncertain time, with all to fight for. And as you can believe, an end is drawing near.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But the end hasn\u8217\'92t come yet,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, pointing out the obvious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93Schisol\u8217\'92s Shadow still lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So does Sol\u8217\'92s blessed child,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, eyeing Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grunted, and pulled her cowl tight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s instinct was to deny this fantastic story, and his instincts were never wrong. However, he\u8217\'92d seen Elrahet by the light of the god-eye burgeon. If this witch was immortal, ageless as the earth, well, that had some explanatory power. She would be the closest thing to divinity walking, her and the Burshageet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If it were true.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Buncha shit,\u8221\'94 Seb said in a snide aside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Elrahet asked. \u8220\'93Swallow that spit and speak loud!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb had been listening to Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s story with rapt attention, evidently hearing it all for the first time. She said, \u8220\'93Ya act like Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand ain\u8217\'92t in control of it all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is not. He is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who\u8217\'92s the one weavin\u8217\'92 fate?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled. \u8220\'93What lines of fate were lain by Sol have been cropped and resewn by Schisol, or left to drift. Don\u8217\'92t think of fate, child, it was never Sol\u8217\'92s intent to condemn you to a certain future. That talk of fate is Schisol speaking.\u8221\'94 She turned to Mandri, \u8220\'93If you ever wonder why the story of this world is a mess, that is why. The god of creation, split in two, could not make up his mind.\u8221\'94}}