{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it\u8217\'92s name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri talking with Seculla - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re up looking at the stars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle is like, the void is beautiful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thats not the void.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What are you talking about. That empty blackness between the stars.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This god underground:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle pauses in the tunnel. Sees it opens into a larger room. Tries to see through the darkness. Ominous feeling in his gut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Voice in the darkness. Seething through the air. As if the very air was resisting the voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been outside my door before, haven\u8217\'92t you? With Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Freezes Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - Come on. Let me get a look at you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle is hesitant. Doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I would appreciate the company. Haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t talked to anyone but Ayram for a millenia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - How about you come out of the darkness?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - If I could, if I could\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Unfortunately, I\u8217\'92m unable to move. So come closer. I haven\u8217\'92t seen a kind face since\u8230\'85 well that\u8217\'92s not true. I saw the little girl. Saw her the same day I smelled you. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pyetle waved the torch to try to catch a glimpse of whatever was there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Come closer. Please, come closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle decided to do it. Takes a step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first thing the ligt touched was tip of horn. Twirled black like licorice. Then there was another broken in half. A head as tall as Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entire body. Neck receded into the rock.  At first Pyetle thought the head was part of it, but the rock was cracked, and the head stuck inside. Something of the creatures shoulders could be seen. This thing was stuck - and judging by the __, it had been stuck for quite a long time. Vile looking creature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stunned. Stumbles backwards. Turns to open the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wait! Please! I know how I look to you, but please. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What are you?\line \tab Oh, same as you. Just a lost soul gotten stuck in a place where he shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stunned. Kept waving the torch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am called Molgaheed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Molgaheed?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is Ayram a demon?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram? a demon? No. He is the First Man.  Surprised you had to ask. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence. Demon senses hesitancy and confusioin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tell me child, how was the world created?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do people say? Teach? They must teach something. Who? What? How? }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is said that Sol, desiring worship, created the world so that we -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sol!?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maniacal laughter of a joke not heard in a million years.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The First Man. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a splinter wedged up in reality\u8217\'92s door. He keeps it from closing so that the rest of humanity can seep through. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You see, you humans aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t meant to be. Ever wonder why you\u8217\'92re the only thinking creatures? There\u8217\'92s a leak in the oversoul and Ayram\u8217\'92s the one whose keeping it open.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re evil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evil!? Evil!? What a simple mind, to see something you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand and call it evil. Evil is for the folk who can\u8217\'92t put things togheter, for the folk who can\u8217\'92t accept the truth. Evil is for those who do evil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The universe is a causal chain. There are other causal chains which are disconnected. Other universes. Other things, really. The past, present and future are linked. Time is a kind of illusion becuase they all exist simultaneously. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like this line in the clay. We are here, but this point in the past, and this point in the future are also there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The universe is attractive. Forces desire to shape it like clay in the potter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands. But if you touch the causal link, if you try to mold it, you become part of the link yourself. You become part of the universe. I touched it. I reached out of the primal void and touched it. I touched it and became manifest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Depending on *where* you touch it, you manifest in different ways. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. The Void\u8230\'85  it is a difficult thing to imagine because it is not merely\u8216\'91empty blackness\u8217\'92. The word\u8216\'91empty\u8217\'92 suggests space, form, and dimension. \u8216\'91Blackness\u8217\'92 suggests color, surface, and light. But the Void has none of these things. It\u8217\'92s not something you can see, or even notice. It\u8217\'92s not, \u8216\'91where the stars aren\u8217\'92t\u8217\'92, because it has no position. It\u8217\'92s got no properties at all save one: things can come out of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But if things can come }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 out}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of it, then it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got to have -\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up Pyetle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you not familiar with the true story of creation?\u8221\'94 Pella asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not as you would tell it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, the Void is the place - I shouldn\u8217\'92t say \u8216\'91the place\u8217\'92. I\u8217\'92ll just say, things come out of the Void. Leave it at that. What\u8217\'92s important is that the grandest of things which came was the Will of Being.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This I\u8217\'92ve heard,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It oozed into existence like a heavy smoke,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93It seeped through the tight gaps at the edges of reality\u8217\'92s seal. Eons passed and it coalesced into a fertile cloud. Think of it as a \u8216\'91cloud of potentiality\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. And then Sol came along and used it to create Life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no, no. No. There are no Gods yet. There is only this \u8216\'91cloud of potentiality\u8217\'92. What we call the Essence of Will. But that\u8217\'92s not the only thing which came from the void. There are other voidclouds. Things like Chaos, Harmony, Despair. How they can sustain themselves without the Will of Being, thats a matter for philosophers. But when these voidclouds mingle with the stuff of Will , thats when things like you and me come into being. Everything tangible is a unique mixture of different quantities of voidcloud. Gods are no different. Sol included. He\u8217\'92s just made of denser stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought Sol created everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, that\u8217\'92s what the Empire teaches, but their priests know the truth. Really. I can tell you for a fact that they learn it even the first few years of training. That Sol and humankind are brothers. But it\u8217\'92s an esoteric story and they dont tell it fo political reasons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Political reasons?\u8221\'94 Pyetle said doubtful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Politcal reasons,\u8221\'94 Pella said as she showed him the scar which wrapped around her neck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla: Do you think he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a god?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who? Ayram?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who else?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can see why you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d wonder.  But no, I don\u8217\'92t think so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s possible though, right?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why not?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well if something came from the Void, and it mingled with the Will of Being in just the right way, then I guess it is possible. But primordial things manifest as mountains. Storms. I just don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think a fleshy prison could contain anything like that. At least not without it being obvious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve seen the things Ayram can do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I say obvious, I mean things like\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know. Like there\u8217\'92s old Jandri tales of a man with glowing eyes and skin shining as bright like fire. Ayram\u8217\'92s just tall. And serious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the things he can do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Being a skilled fighter doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make you a god, Seculla. With his frame, I\u8217\'92d be more inclined to believe he was divine if he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  handle himself in a fight. Why are you wondering all this? Does it have to do with how he found you?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella explaining the truth about the gods}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Gods did not come first. Life came first. From life came the gods. But also Man and Woman. The gods are our brothers and sisters. Older brothers, sure. Some much, much younger. But there is no natural hierarchy to Life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s creation. The empire teaches as such only because the Gods demand it. The empire encourages their worship only because it ensures their own survival. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}