{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What felt like a full day passed before the dull howl of the storm outside subsided. When it was gone, Mandri was forced out of the ladder room so that Ayram could punch his way through the glutted hole in the ceiling. The first stab of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spear saw a tumble of bricks fall down to the ground, and the second sent a stream of sand pouring into the room. It poured for a worrying while, filling up the room to as high as Ayram\u8217\'92s waist, and Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes. Eventually, it trickled to a stop. A few more stabs of Ayram\u8217\'92s spear encouraged a further collapse of stone and the glorious golden light of day shone through. Ayram climbed out, then called for his people to join him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri emerged into the fresh desert air and was surprised to find himself at the bottom of a conical pit of sand. Ayram was standing up on the rim of this crater, reckoning the storm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s track. He said the beast was headed north-to-northeast. The Hrks would be blocked from that direction, and that meant the best path forward was towards the Goree Pass. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For his plans to succeed, they would have to move fast. They would be traveling during daylight hours.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They departed in much the same fashion as they had arrived, with Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steady pace carrying him a long way out in front, followed by Ayram and Moto, followed by Mandri hauling Obo and  his ridiculous sword and two sacks of charmed rocks. The women remained in the rear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The energy of the passing storm still hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t left Mandri. That sandstorm, now darkening the northern wastes, was the most incredible thing he\u8217\'92d ever experienced while sober. It had him humming old pilgrims tunes about the desert\u8217\'92s beauty. But this sentiment did not last long, for the sun was up, the heat was rising, and the wind was blowing. As it is in the world of the Sand, when the wind blows, the sand accumulates. Sand attracts sand attracts sand. It sneaks into the shoes, shimmies under the nails, it chokes, and stifles, and narrows the world. And that\u8217\'92s how it was for the vast majority of the journey towards the Goree pass, so Mandri kept his head down and plodded through it. But it was a long journey, and as the Sand knew Mandri was a stranger, it was intent on providing a bit of show-and-tell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first object of note was a half-buried corpse of a large lizard, maybe half Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s size. It was freshly dead from the storm, though it didn\u8217\'92t look like it, as most of its flesh had been stripped down to the bone.. What was left was being torn up by a small horde of flying beetles that looked like green jewels. Seb briefly stopped to collect as many of these beetles as he could. He offered one to Mandri, but Mandri declined. Seb said, \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re good chewin\u8217\'92, but I don\u8217\'92t got the teeth for \u8216\'91em anymore.\u8221\'94 He proceeded to suck out the beetle\u8217\'92s innards through its rump like it were an oyster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few feet away from this dead lizard was a living one of the same species. Moteah called it a garool, and she said they slept unstirred under the sand for years until the rains came, and they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d wake up, mate, lay eggs, feast, then return to their quiescence. A charmed life, if not for the fact that this one\u8217\'92s partner was dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Halfway through that first day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s journey, Mandri\u8217\'92s skin started to burn and he realized he hadn\u8217\'92t rubbed himself down with kell oil. He dropped everything and slathered himself up with the sticky red stuff\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he covered his hands, his face, the back of the neck. Obo reminded him to get the backs of his ears as well. Moteah told him to keep it away from the shallow of the eye, as kell oil stings the eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At last, Mandri was as red as the rest of them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl offered Mandri a snack of binks. A bink was a yellow nut the size of a tooth, with black spots on either end. They were quite bitter. Mandri preferred the bland hardtack. Purl said that binks were better for him than hardtack because they had healing properties. She said that there were mice living in the Sand that, if he could believe it, subsisted entirely on binks. It gets them through the severest droughts. She once had a pet mouse and was careful to never let it drink. It lived on a diet of binks until the mousey old age of two. Mandri doubted the story, but he did not do so out loud, as earlier that day he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen her lagging behind the others looking like she was about to give up and die\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 feet dragging, head sagging, sobbing, nursing her injured arm like it were a dying cat. Elrahet and Moteah were there, walking in front of her, seemingly oblivious to the grief streaming down Purl\u8217\'92s face, or perhaps they had been the cause and didn\u8217\'92t care. Whatever the story, Mandri was careful around the girl because she had enough to deal with.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The evening sun brought them out of the sandstorm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wake and onto solid clay. This was still officially part of the Sand\u8217\'92s Pitted Portion, though there were no pits. There were scraggly bushes and a few stunted trees with swirling trunks. Ayram propped his great pack up against one of these miniature trees, then lay up underneath it to squeeze in a short rest. He permitted Seb to build a smokeless fire. Mandri felt smart in reminding everyone that a Mazidariga didn\u8217\'92t need smoke to find them, and he was told that the Hrks were not the only people from which he needed to hide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They sat around the fire, watching the sun set. They munched on hardtack, and Mandri was allowed a swig of wine that tasted like sour beets. They conversed about the terrain ahead and the difficulties they would face. Conversation eventually turned to the Great Solgi Erg. The Great Erg was not in their way, but fireside chattering about the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features cannot end without mentioning it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri made the mistake of calling it the Solgi Erg. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Great}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Solgi Erg,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Moteah corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My apologies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Plenty of ergs in the sand, only one of them is Great.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet knows the story of the Erg\u8217\'92s creation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one knows the story,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, annoyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you said\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are old memories, said to have come straight from the mouth of Solraheen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those are lies. No truth survives unscathed from the age when Solraheen shaped His voice into word, for that age was long before the age of signs and symbols. The story I know is one shaped by memory, and memory is one big belly-aching lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what about\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen made those mountains of sand a long time ago,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said, completely ignoring Moto\u8217\'92s stammering complaints. \u8220\'93That is all that can be said for the truth of the Great Erg. Everything else is in doubt. The very name is in doubt. You know those dunes as the Great Solgi Erg for you were brought up in this Solitant infested world, but those dunes have other names. Older names. Which is the true name? Who can say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri admired the old woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stamina. She\u8217\'92d been walking all day, and here she was, charging through the telling of a story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Solitants claim that Solraheen planted a stick in the ground to mark one of His garden\u8217\'92s eight corners. Then he left to only-Sol-knows-where to measure out the rest of it. His passing along the surface of the earth kicked up the first wind, the Shulsai, and this wind circled the earth and came back around to puff upon that planted stick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Shulsai blew sand against the stick, and soon an egg of a sand dune was built up in the stick\u8217\'92s lee. Nine moons later, and that fledgling dune had grown up to swallow the stick whole. All it took was that one dune, and soon the Primal Erg was belly-full and rolling across the world, leaving littler ergs in its wake. It rolled all the way to the edge of land, and there it stopped. It has been bleeding into the sea ever since, half the size of what it once was. It is the first erg, the Great Solgi Erg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now Mandri,\u8221\'94 Moto said when Elrahet began to nibble at the edge of a wafer of hardtack. \u8220\'93Do you think Solraheen meant to do it? Do you think He knew that after planting that stick in the ground, that a whole sand sea would swell up around it? Did He do it on purpose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think Solraheen makes mistakes,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yessss,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, hissing like a snake. \u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s what the Solitants say. They call it the Solgi Erg, and they call it that because it means Sol\u8217\'92s gift. Yet I heard it called the Great Solzima Erg, and zima means\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 do you know what it means? It means shame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is called the Solzima, because if Solraheen had intended for the dunes to form, he would have built them with his own two hands as he did with everything else in his garden. And why should He want to turn fertile black earth into a mountain of useless sand? These Old Believers could not believe that Solraheen would wander off into the middle of the world and shape lakes that reflect the light of the divine, fill them with creatures of unfathomable grace and beauty, and yet, at the same time, leaving the Erg to struggle up on its own, a basic sameness of stuff with no redeeming qualities. All the erg did was procreate and ripple the wind. Hah! Same could be said for Hrks!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She settled into a deep and easy sneer and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Old Believers say that when Solraheen made it back around to the eastern rib of the world and saw the Erg standing there he fell into a deep despair. It would take a millennia to clean up those dunes, even for Him. So he created the Buggal wind to blow it away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well that\u8217\'92s not the story that I\u8217\'92ve been told,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? You should see that terrifying dune for yourself and despair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have seen it. From the water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From the water, he says. You\u8217\'92ve been bit by Solitants, boy. Yes, I know their story. They say that Solraheen, in His infinite wisdom, He knew how to create every kind of thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the birds of the air, the fish of the sea, you and me, but He is the ultimate creator, and he delights in different mediums, and so He married the wind and sand together and their oldest child is the Erg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See how Solraheen\u8217\'92s golden light shimmers across Sand, they say. And think of the variety! Tidal dunes in the lee of hills, echoing dunes on the windward side. Crescent dunes, snake dunes, crater dunes rimmed with grass. Go to the Empty Portion and marvel at the rows of arcing dunes marching out to the horizon, or the perfectly flat and straight ridges of the Seedra. Stripes, domes, lizardfeet, hairpins, scallops, stars, all varying in size in temperament to rival any family of flowers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The dunes are pigment, the wind is the brush, and Solraheen\u8217\'92s mind is the hand which sets it all in motion. The Sand is alive, it moves and creates itself and everything else. They\u8217\'92re fond of saying that. They see the Sand as a Sparked being, alive as much as you and I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Ergs drift across the desert, eat the rocks, and shit them out behind, the parts they can\u8217\'92t digest. You can hear the dunes howl if you stop and listen. And they say all this to sell a lie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they say all you need to do to change the world is to plant a leg in the sand, as Solraheen planted His stick, and the wave you create will become a mountain. It\u8217\'92s a hopeful message. I hope you don\u8217\'92t believe it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That night revealed a cloud of stars. These were prime walking hours, and they walked. The world was blue and chilly. They passed by distant dunes with dark streaks in them. Moto called them weeping dunes. Large weeping dunes. The dark lines were streaks of water seeping out onto the surface. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto said that men had died crawling around weeping dunes, trying to sop their dried tongues on the damp sand. He called it the cruelest thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the water is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 there}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  but you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t drink it. You\u8217\'92ll only get a mouthful of sand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram told Seb to not venture so far ahead. He said that from now on, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to stick together.\u8221\'94 Seb became prickly after that. He would only respond to his name with a despondent sneer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri found a lucky stone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a hollow tube of rock scrubbed smooth by sand. When Moteah poured water onto it, its ruddy surface took on the sheen of glass. Obo said it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a stone, but a reed. Mandri put it in with the rest of his lucky stones anyways. He\u8217\'92d spent a lot of time trying to think of uses for them, but as of yet had nothing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next morning they stumbled upon a deep well in the middle of nowhere. None present had ever seen it before, though Elrahet claimed to have seen it, only she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d completely forgotten about it. It was huge, two-men wide, and included a full set of stairs zig-zagging down to the bottom some fifty yards deep. Moto lowered a bucket. The water it contained was salty and brackish, and there were fish in it. They were the ugliest little minnows Mandri had ever seen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 blind fish with pulpy membranes where there should have been eyes. The Ayramun stopped and cooked the lot of them in a stew. It was not delicious. Afterwards, Seb began an argument with his own damned self.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, in between squelching chews, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you take a barrel full of water and put a live fish in it, the water overflows, but if you put a dead fish in it, the water don\u8217\'92t overflow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d claimed this implied something or other about the Spark, but then he\u8217\'92d immediately discount it, and he went on like this for half a hand until Obo asked the man if he\u8217\'92d ever actually put a dead fish into a barrel of water. Seb said he hadn\u8217\'92t, so he filled a bowl with water, put a dead fish in it, and found that water overflowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He did not know what to make of this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After the well, they came to a natron flat two miles long and as many wide. Seb broke off small chunks of the white stuff and rubbed it on his few remaining teeth. He said it had medicinal properties. Mandri knew it for its use in pigments. A tiny amount mixed in with quartz sand and copper ore made a blue called Campor Blue, called as such because the most vibrant hues came from Campor, where more than a hundred slaves spent their days sorting the quartz sand for impurities grain by grain with tweezers. Only the cleanest, purest grains of crystal were worthy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl found this fact distasteful instead of impressive. Mandri was quick to agree. Obo didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They crossed the flat without incident.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried on three separate occasions to finagle some burgeons out of Seb. He was denied each time, and each time Seb grew angrier.. He got so mad that he threatened to kill Mandri, and when that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, he threatened to kill the burgeons. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t believe him, but that night Seb pulled out one of those beautiful eyes and he threw it into the dark as far as he could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From that point on, Mandri reduced himself to suggestions and hints. When that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, he looked for opportunities to steal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They slept, each noon, for five hands. They propped up woolen blankets on bushes for shade, and Mandri was allowed to share one of these with Purl. He could hear Purl breathing, feel her warmth, and despite that, there was no pounding lust in his ears. Unusual for Mandri. He told Obo about it, because by now they were sharing most thoughts with each other, and Obo said the Hrkan hardtack Mandri was eating was mixed with succor of salt. Succor of salt is an anaphrodisiac. It curbs the libido. The Lords don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want their troops rubbing uglies when they\u8217\'92ve got more important things to do..}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri resolved to eat no more of the hardtack, but changed his mind when Obo forced him to consider the alternative\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be out here in the Sand, lust pounding away, uglies alert, with no real way to find release.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 //}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was the common thread of Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gibes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he didn\u8217\'92t think highly of human beings. As the days wore on he talked more and more about what people got up to without the guiding light of the Hrkan world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He spoke of how, in the distant age of temple cities, there was an Old Jandri custom that forbade anyone from selling land. The purpose was good-natured, as the wise sages of those cities had enough history to know what causes a city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collapse, for wealth attracts wealth just as sand attracts sand, and inevitably the wealthiest end up with everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all the money, and all the land. Since the people have nothing, they either leave or simply rebel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To combat this, the city sages decided to prevent the sale of land so that a family could persist for generations regardless of what the rich wolves were up to. Land could be had only through inheritance. If a childless couple found their work too heavy in their old age, they could adopt a few straight-backed persons to till their fields and reap the harvests, and these children could stand to inherit on the condition that they provided grain, oil, and clothes to their adoptive parents for as long as the old folks lived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the rich were too clever for it. Judges were bribed, councils were captured, and by hook or by crook they weasled their way into the lines of succession. This practice carried on for more than one hundred years in the heart of Old Jandri. What began as a few rich, wicked schemers evolved into wicked consortiums of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sons\u8217\'92 who shared pools of silver and gold from which poor landowners were forced to turn to in times of drought, signing over the birthright of their trueborn children to the rich. Such was the depravity that a single man was once the adopted child of five-hundred and fifty-two different sets of parents. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 According to Obo, this was the birth of the Old Jandri banking system. The pretense of adoption was shed and more sophisticated systems of accumulation were devised. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t overthrown until the Hrks came and put a stop to it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 //}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Each night, the group took turns telling stories during their brief period of rest. The fourth night was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn, and he offered the spot to Obo. No one else wanted to hear the Mazid tell a story, until Moto claimed that it was impossible that Obo could tell a story because a good story requires a Spark to tell it. Now that everyone was wondering whether or not Obo could tell a good story, he was allowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My story is about a witch,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93Maybe you knew her,\u8221\'94 he said to Elrahet with a furtive smile. He said \u8220\'93This witch was a cantankerous witch who dwelt in a cave where the sea meets the desert. She gained fame throughout the land for her talent of divination. To see her, a person must first catch a karkoot lizard, put its stomach in a jar of brine, then bring it to her in her wilderness cave, and in return she would foretell their future. So great were her talents that people hunted karkoots until there were none left, though that\u8217\'92s not what this story is about, that\u8217\'92s an aside meant to highlight the shortsightedness of human beings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Several groans erupted from amongst the Ayramun. Satisfied with these, Obo smiled and continued on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One day a young man went to see this witch. But this story begins long before that. The story begins with the boy\u8217\'92s father. His father, the carpenter, wasn\u8217\'92t rich, for he was a carpenter. Woe betide him, his son was a profligate child\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that means he was wasteful. Whether it was beer, women, or friends, he spent his father\u8217\'92s money without caring. He had no respect for his father\u8217\'92s work. In a way, you can\u8217\'92t blame the boy. Most of his life he was too young to understand how hard his father worked, and when he was old enough to know, the father\u8217\'92s efforts were out of sight because the father paid for schooling in another city in the hopes that his son would surpass him in society.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, the son, living in a different city, took his father\u8217\'92s money, money meant for his education, and he spends it on beer, women, and friends. His life\u8217\'92s prospects quickly come to nothing. When the father finds out that his own son has beggared them both, his rage\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his rage is profound. It might be hard for any here to understand because none of you, as I understand, have children\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither do you,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but you see, we Mazid are supremely empathetic creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not that you aren\u8217\'92t, it\u8217\'92s simply different. Let me try to paint the father\u8217\'92s rage for you. Given the rough nature of our present circumstances, and perhaps the ultimate goal of our quest as we seek to undo civilization, you all must have some sympathy for the idea that your existence is some kind of mistake. It lacks purpose. Contrast that with me, a Mazid\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not only was I built for an explicit purpose, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  what it is. You, however, must have a nagging sense of the absence of yours. At least we can say that it is not at all clear what that purpose is \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the Solitants admit as much? I would argue that it\u8217\'92s clearly obvious that you have no purpose, and I can prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto groaned and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you he can\u8217\'92t tell a story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you ever find yourself blessed with wealth and health beyond comprehension, what happens to you then? I can tell you what happens, as I\u8217\'92ve seen first hand how impoverishing wealth is when your kind gets it. I\u8217\'92ve seen through the eyes of the Hrkan Lords. Without any practical concerns to distract them, one might think they would be happy for they are free to pursue their life\u8217\'92s true purpose. But that\u8217\'92s not what happens! They are not happy, they are bored. Totally bored. It\u8217\'92s a boredom so thorough and complete that some kill themselves. That might be hard for you to fathom, but I speak the truth. Their boredom is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 complete}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . And what does it all mean? If a person, freed from the indignities of life, turns, naturally, to boredom, what does it mean? It means that boredom is your natural state, and that you have no intrinsic purpose. If you did have one, surely your natural state would reflect it. It is from this that the Solitants glean humanity\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose it suffer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does any of this have to do with the carpenter?\u8221\'94 Purl asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This the backdrop to every story ever told. You see, because you have no natural purpose, what purpose you do have is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 crafted, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 and that means it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s something you can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 lose}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . And I put it to you that losing your purpose is the greatest horror a human can experience. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t smile, Mandri, you of all people should know this. You\u8217\'92re so scared to lose your purpose that you won\u8217\'92t even stick to one in the first place. You\u8217\'92re sitting firmly in that quarter of all people who got burnt when they were young and that little jab of horror has tranquilized them for the rest of their lives. You are little better than that quarter of all people who are so inured to the vagaries of life that they don\u8217\'92t ever think about their purpose at all. Then there\u8217\'92s the rest of you,\u8221\'94 he said, looking out at the Ayramun with a challenging glare. Ayram caught it and said, \u8220\'93If there\u8217\'92s a purpose to this story, Mazid, you best get to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo settled back down and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Most people make their family their purpose. The carpenter was such a man. His son was his purpose in life. To borrow a figurative turn from the poet Lovraleen, his son was his challenge to the void. And he lost. And worse, it wasn\u8217\'92t taken from him, it was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 squandered}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . If his son were killed the man could have moved into grief, but no, the father had challenged the void and the void had answered back by corrupting his son and turning him into the living embodiment of a life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wasted labor. At least, that\u8217\'92s how the father saw it. How could he see it differently? As Seb might say, the carpenter was who he was. And what did he do? He put his carpentry to work\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he made a coffin and sent it with a messenger to his son. Inside the coffin was a note from the father which said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To put it lightly, this message greatly disturbed the son. He might have been a wastrel, but a self-obsessed wastrel was he\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he didn\u8217\'92t want to die. He saw the coffin and the note and was scared. He knew his father to be a man of resolve. He began to see his old man in every shadow. He couldn\u8217\'92t enjoy himself. He couldn\u8217\'92t go to the tavern, or the whorehouse, and he couldn\u8217\'92t sleep in the same place twice. This was no way to live, so what did he do? Since he was a wastrel he couldn\u8217\'92t confront even the thought of a confrontation, so he decided to run away and find a witch to fix his problem for him. If a witch could predict his future, then he could, he hoped, formulate a plan to avoid his father\u8217\'92s wrath. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, he found a karkoot lizard, stuck its stomach in a jar of brine, and set off to see the cantankerous old witch by the sea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When the wastrel finally set foot in the witch\u8217\'92s cave, he said to her, \u8216\'91My own father is trying to kill me. What should I do?\u8217\'92 Unfortunately for him, this was the wrong kind of question to ask, because the old witch dealt with facts, not advice. She wanted to hear questions like, \u8216\'91What will happen on the third full moon of the month?\u8217\'92, or, \u8216\'91When will the rains come?\u8217\'92, that sort of thing, not \u8216\'91What should I do?\u8217\'92. Whenever she was asked a question like that she\u8217\'92d put no effort into the answer. She smoked up and did a song and dance for the wastrel son, and when she was done she said to him, \u8216\'91When you leave this place, the first thought that enters your head is what you will do\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you say that again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She said, \u8216\'91When you leave this place, the first thought that enters your head is what you will do\u8217\'92. It was obscenely ambiguous, but that was the point. You see, this witch was old and long in the trade, and she knew what kind of customer the boy was and how her response would weigh on him. It was her way of causing him torment. And torment him it did, for he jumped to the conclusion that his father was waiting for him outside the cave, and that the \u8216\'91first thought\u8217\'92 that would enter his head would be his father\u8217\'92s cudgel, and what he would \u8216\'91do\u8217\'92 was die. So he didn\u8217\'92t leave. He stayed right there in that witch\u8217\'92s cave and refused to leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch tried in vain to shoo him out. Her plan had backfired. She was stuck with this wastrel who was convinced that the moment he left her cave, he would be struck dead. The witch tried to tell him that his father couldn\u8217\'92t be sitting right outside her cave for all eternity, but the son didn\u8217\'92t buy it. It\u8217\'92s not that he thought his father was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  watching the cave, but he believed with certainty that whenever he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  decide to leave, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s precisely when his father would show up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch eventually gave up trying to convince the boy that he could safely leave, and she told him that he could stay if he did chores for her, like scrubbing the cave floor, making fires, cooking, and whatnot. So the son stayed. After many, many years of this arrangement, the witch eventually died, and the carpenter\u8217\'92s son succeeded her because he had been, unknowing to them both, the witch\u8217\'92s apprentice. He had learned how to divine the future by watching the witch read the folds in fish stomachs. He had, on accident, become his own man with his own profession. The witch was dead, but people kept coming to the cave regardless. It is said that this wastrel\u8217\'92s divinations transformed the lives of hundreds of thousands of people, for even kings would seek his sight to plan the courses of their wars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The great irony of all this is that the note the carpenter sent to his son was not a threat. If you remember, the note in the coffin said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was a mere statement of fact\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everybody dies. The father had no intention of hunting down his son. For the father, the knowledge of death is what spurred him to work hard and make the most of every moment, and he had hoped the thought would do the same for son, and it did, in a roundabout way. I don\u8217\'92t know if the father ever discovered that his son had become a great diviner and shaped the course of history, but I like to think that the abatement of his despair would have been most sublime, for he had, unwittingly, triumphed against the void.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A silence set in around the fire. No one wanted to admit it, but the story wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t half-bad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder if the witch knew that the wastrel son would become her successor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course she did,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93She was a diviner. She divined the future and knew what to say to make it happen. The carpenter\u8217\'92s son was as much her son as the carpenter\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s part of the telling, Mandri, don\u8217\'92t think too much about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s a poor telling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lit up. \u8220\'93You think you can do better?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then let us hear it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know a story about a son. A godly son. Upright in his parent\u8217\'92s eyes and in Solraheen\u8217\'92s. That is, until the day he met a girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Typical,\u8221\'94 Elrahet groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a good story,\u8221\'94 Mandri protested. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nobody wanted to hear it. They all laid down to rest, leaving Mandri full of resentment. His story was about a young man kidnapped by beautiful demonettes who carried him to a satin bed. The demon women stroked his body in the most delicate of embraces, and fondled his uglies with their half-human, half-animal appendages, so as to win a depraved victory over him. It was a story inspired by the grace of Solraheen, and these Ayramun needed to hear it, for the young man is tempted to the edge, but never succumbs. In the end, he bites off his tongue, and the incredible pain, coupled with the coldness of death, rescued him from his lust. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One afternoon they stumbled upon a smooth black column sticking up out of the sand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 plain granite, not Fabled Black}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You should read it,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s gotta sign on the bottom. Funniest shit I ever heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wandered around the column\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s base, while the Ayramun lounged for a while in the column\u8217\'92s long shadow. Since Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t read Old Jandri, he had to turn around and let Obo translate the words graven into a stone plaque.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first bit is too scuffed to read,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93But the rest says, \u8216\'91Things are said of her Kings that are shameful to relate, in particular regarding Sixa the Very Great, the first King whose seat was in Duur. The falseness of those infamous lies can begin to be suspected by noticing that, with refined cunning, they all make reference to alleged incidents that in themselves are unverifiable. Let it hereby be declared and known\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Sixa the Very Great never had relations with a cow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They made this whole column to announce this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Moreover, King Sixa\u8217\'92s son, King Shura the Extremely Great, who didn\u8217\'92t permit even as Prince that in the temples his errors and sins could be concealed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 never hid his true sins and defects. Whoever wishes to know them has only to read his ten-thousandth Kingly Decree or hear his heavenly vision from the good harvest of 1021. In none of these is it revealed that he is the result of mixed breeding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re making that up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was sitting on the column's plinth nearby, and she answered for Obo. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This column wasn\u8217\'92t put up by Shura, it was put up just to make fun of Shura.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But why put it in the middle of nowhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t the middle of nowhere,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93This desert was once the womb of cities.\u8221\'94 She gestured broadly out at the Sand with her cane. The landscape was raw and subtly colored by a host of stubby, gray-green pencil weeds and crawling bushes. In the distant south was a line of dune-brinks, topped with smoky spindrifts, and in the distant north, flying high, was a flock of wheeling, screaming blackbirds fighting over the scraps of some unseen corpse. There were no cities in it, nor even the ruins of one. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Each mound of dirt you see was once a city.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every quadrant of the horizon was studded by at least four or five humongous mounds which Mandri had taken to be the natural work of the earth. They were even standing on a mound. The thought that what was under his feet was a city was laughable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They aren\u8217\'92t Hrkan cities, mind, these cities here were small and made of clay. Houses of unbaked brick, plastered with clay. Thatched roofs covered with clay. Each year, a fresh coat of clay. The rains come and the clay washes down from the walls and roofs and into the street, so the city grows up and up and up.\u8221\'94 She stabbed the mound with her stick. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it all started.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From then on, Mandri never called the Sand empty. It was as empty as a graveyard, which is to say, not empty at all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 //}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb said something that stuck with Mandri. The man said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sand is stronger than water because it can flow uphill.\u8221\'94 Mandri began to wonder if water moves because of the wind, or if it moves just because it moves. He asked Obo about it, but Obo said, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s complicated.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural misanthropy was getting the better of him. His mood wasn\u8217\'92t foul, he was just discouraged. He was treating each day as his final opportunity to reach out for a Spark, and at each rejection, he grew more discouraged, more upset at the Ayramun, more upset at humanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to help. One afternoon, he approached Elrahet and tried to vouch for Obo. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expect to succeed, but it didn\u8217\'92t hurt to try. Elrahet responded gruffly, \u8220\'93Put it out of your mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Later that day, Mandri was trying to convince Obo of humanity\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nobler pursuits\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 art, music, and philosophy, and all of that. Then they happened to pass an enormous rock which bore a stick-figure painting of a man screwing a goat. The painting looked older than time itself. Probably, it was the first painting ever made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think this settles it,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t judge all of us because someone wanted to make fun of Sixa the Very Great.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you think this is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Look, we\u8217\'92ve improved. Some of us, anyways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah the zealot would often speak of the Desert Mothers. She talked for hands about Aseedia\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the state of not caring or not being concerned with one's position or condition in the world. Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe they\u8217\'92d invented a word for it. Who feels like that and thinks to make a word for it? Just die and let everyone else go on with their lives.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 //}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On the sixth day, or was it the seventh? On the seventh day, Mandri saw a brilliant blue butterfly. It fluttered in the middle of an empty expanse of tan sand and gray rock. The butterfly was probably just as surprised to see him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which is stranger,\u8221\'94 Obo said, \u8220\'93This butterfly being out here, or you and me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably you,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s only, what, ten Mazidai?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eleven. I am the tenth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what Obo means. My point is, anyone who sees a Mazid is going to be surprised.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t exactly blend in, do I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That same day they crossed a charnel road, and on the other side of it was a small rock cairn splattered with white paint. This marked the grave of a pilgrim. An epitaph had been written on a stick of wood and stuck in the ground right next to it, but this had been scoured into illegibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No one knew which shrine the charnel road led to, or from which city the road began. Somehow, in the quest to reason it out, Obo offended Purl by telling her she was too kind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a good thing,\u8221\'94 he said to her as she scowled back. \u8220\'93By the way, that\u8217\'92s the reason you won\u8217\'92t be able to control me, not completely. A Minder has to have a cruel disposition. You have to want to hurt people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve killed people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt you were cruel about it. You don\u8217\'92t hate deeply. Or perhaps you hate }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 too}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  deeply.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words seemed to strike a chord in Purl, but she turned away and said, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care what you think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That night Mandri tried to steal Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s burgeons as the man slept. The only problem with his plan was that Seb wasn\u8217\'92t actually sleeping. Mandri ended up with Seb\u8217\'92s knife on his throat, and Seb pushed on it so hard that Mandri choked. The blade must have been blunt because it didn\u8217\'92t cut him. After this incident, Mandri did not try to steal the burgeons again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One morning they came across a herd of white-tails one-thousand strong. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re also called poop-tails. Mandri asked Obo why they shit on their tails, because Obo had an answer for everything. Obo said that when it gets too hot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it always gets too hot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 poop-tail lizards cup their webbed hind feet and then evacuate their cloacal contents onto them, allowing them to rub their tails in it, and they do this so that when they raise their tails into the air and open them up like sails, the liquid from their shit-piss gets sucked up by the sun, and in so doing, it draws the heat from the body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb overheard this explanation and said that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just like when he\u8217\'92d gargled urine to lubricate his throat. Because when the heat dries out the throat it gets unbearable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even cringe at the thought. This time spent in this wilderness was leading him closer to his body\u8217\'92s functions, because the body is all there is out there. Nothing is disgusting. Mandri worried that if found Seb\u8217\'92s behavior to be tolerable, he himself must look outlandish. Yes, he was turning into a regular outland poke. Sol knows he slathered enough kell oil on to look the part.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Under his feet were some holes burrowed by some strange species of yellow-headed lizard. At night those lizards escaped from their haunts and searched for food. He could see them silhouetted against the starry sky. Their mounds were covered with picked cleaned bones of all manner of mouse, lizard, ground-nesting birds, and berrybush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wondered if these lizard mounds had once been cities. There were lizard mounds lining to the horizon it seemed, and beyond that to the ends of the earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A distant lizard sent forth a screaming hiss into the night. Other lizards from other lizard cities immediately took up his challenge, and for a good few hands the peace of the starry sky was upset by the hissing, hacking, and crying of those foul, foul beasts. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram led them to southeast leading Charnel road called the Hatthir road. There were plenty of pilgrim skeletons on the Hatthir road. One of them, it turned out, was still alive. Ayram noticed the man first. He picked up the poor pilgrim and set him the shade of a makeshift tent. The dying pilgrim stared out at all the Ayramun with winkless eyes. His skin was like paper, and his ribs were countable through the window in his yellow haircloth habit, while his stomach lay almost flat against his vertebral column.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This pilgrim thought Ayram was Solraheen enfleshed. Ayram paused, sponged water onto the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips, and they made a brief, whispered exchange which Mandri could not hear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri gave the pilgrim one of Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rocks. It put a passing joy into the pilgrim\u8217\'92s eyes. Then the Ayramun moved on to let him die.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They came at last to a moundless plain covered in a sticky bush called, unsurprisingly, stick bush. This plain led to the Tib desert, also called the Black Road, and the Tib was one of the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eight Portions all unto itself. It was a flat, empty, expanse with a hard floor of small stones tarred in black rock-varnish. These stones were inset into the earth, as tightly interlocked as any Hrkan mosaic.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before they crossed into the Tib, Ayram had them all pick as many stick bushes as they could carry. Mandri was told it was for wood to make fire. Everyone picked ridiculous amounts and tied them onto their packs. Obo was practically buried in them. They looked like a family of giant hedgehogs. No one joked about it, as the mood was getting bleak because everyone, even Ayram, was tiring. Mandri felt remarkably lively. He tried to hide the fact that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d found his desert legs, lest someone decide they wanted to unload some of their burdens onto him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first hand of the Tib was wonderful, for the flat and solid ground was a welcome change. Every hand after was a terror. The afternoon sun was killing them. The rocks underfoot were hot enough to blister bare skin, even if all a toe did was slip onto them for a moment, and after a day of walking,  they had to check their shoe-soles for budding holes that needed to be repaired because the ground could burn right through it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 More than any other part of the desert, the Tib was endless. They walked it, heading south and east, and after two days nothing changed. It was always the same endless black plain and empty sky. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They tried to sleep two hands every night because they were simply too exhausted to walk right through it. And they had to sleep huddled around twiggy fires made from their stick bushes. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the heat that provided comfort, though the nights were cold, it was the smell, for suspended above these miniature fires were tin bowls filled with a scented wax, smelling of carrion. In the mornings, the hardened wax would be thick with the fuzzy brown bodies of cusiloe flies, who\u8217\'92d been looking for meat in which to implant their eggs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The flies live just under the Tib's skin, squeezed deep into the crevices of the interlocking rocks, and the odors of flesh, living or otherwise, drew them from hibernation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but only at night. Like reasonable creatures, they wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come out to bake in the sun. As soon as the red lip of the sun peeks up in the east, everyone rose and checked themselves to make sure they hadn\u8217\'92t been impregnated. If a fly did get under the skin, and the eggs were allowed to hatch, removing them would be a painful ordeal. Seb described the larvae\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pulsing white thumbs with two fangs the length of fingernails. Pull them out and they can rip the flesh and leave a hole that will get infected. You look for them by feeling. Skin is too dark to see these soft little welts, especially Moto and Moteah's skin, so they had to feel around for a hardened, coin-sized bump, like a callous on the palm, but maybe it\u8217\'92s on the thigh, on the prick, in your armpit, upon your back, and since no one can reach the back, they\u8217\'92ve got to have someone else do it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah and Moto checked each other. Ayram and Elrahet checked each other. Mandri smiled at Purl but this was not reciprocated. He was paired with Seb. Neither were happy about the arrangement. Mandri complained about Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s borcandi stained fingers. Seb was worried, perhaps rightly so, that Mandri might miss a spot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nobody checked Obo. He said the flies wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bother him. If they did, he would know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before setting off, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d scrape the paste of dead flies from the surface of the wax and save them for food. Then they\u8217\'92d be on their way again, a short sprint in the half-light hours before the sun became unbearable, and when that happened, they\u8217\'92d stop, pitch little shelters, and rest until the worst of the heat had passed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a lurching way to travel, and it felt to Mandri that they made no progress. Two more days passed and still the scenery did not change. To the north, a flat plain of pebbles for as far as the eye could see. To the south, a flat plain of pebbles for as far as the eye could see. To the east and to the west it was the same\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 flat for as far as the eye could see. For all he knew they were going in a circle. He began to study the chaotic patterns in the cracks on the floor. Once or twice he saw a jagged triangle that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d swore he saw the day before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moving like this, out of rhythm and in unfamiliar hours, skating on the surface of an endless black stone sea, it changed the perception of time. There were no new spikes of memory around which a moment could congeal. No new sounds, and no new conversations because the heat of the day and the cold of night tempered everyone into the same person\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  short responses, shrugging shoulders, faces set in the same tight-lipped frown that said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just want to get through it\u8221\'94. And that\u8217\'92s who everyone was, bundled, muddled balls of just-get-through-it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Except for Obo, of course. Obo remained genial and solicitous. Everyone hated him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the middle of night when they reached the end of the Tib. Mandri was so happy that he collapsed in prayer. Everyone was ecstatic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everyone but Ayram. His fretful eye studied the north.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looking for Hrks,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They might have made it out of the Tib, but they hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet survived the danger. Still, their mood was good and doubly so because in the near east was full up with the brown peaks of the Goree mountains. Those mountains had arrived all at once, a long, dark lumpy line looming on the horizon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun picked themselves up and quickened their pace, practically jogging along for the Goree had no hills. Instead it was flat, red-iron dirt all the way up to the mountain chain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s base. The red mountains themselves were buttresses against the desert wind, and as such their rock faces bore the scars of its fury\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 deep, scoring cuts that swept up and over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram led them south in line with these mountains, towards the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked Purl how Ayram knew where they were relative to the Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He remembers it,\u8221\'94 said Purl, as if that were a perfectly adequate explanation. Mandri knew that Ayram couldn\u8217\'92t have dead-reckoned it all the way from that little desert temple near Minting Rock. The featureless Tib would have made that impossible, and the arc of the sun was more of a guideline than a precise measure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He considered asking the man himself, but decided not to, and good thing too, because the next person who spoke drew Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He had to poop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shushed him, but Seb insisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that made me eat those flies!\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright!\u8221\'94 Ayram exclaimed, and he stopped the train. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll make a short camp here. Be quick and quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quiet, I can tell ya that. Matter of fact, ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quick, either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sauntered off towards the mountains, and disappeared amongst the shadows of rocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dumped Obo onto the ground, then went to Moto and asked for some twigs to make a fire to calm the night chill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No fires,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got to be quiet, and we\u8217\'92ve got to pass unseen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not only Hrks we\u8217\'92re worried about,\u8221\'94 Moto added. \u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t know, the Goree\u8217\'92s cursed. If that doesn\u8217\'92t get you, there\u8217\'92s two kinds of tribes in the Goree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those who want to kill you, and those who want to steal all your stuff. Either way, you end up dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t they have seen us coming from miles away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s not much reason for them to be watching the Tib, because it\u8217\'92s not a journey often made. We might have slipped through and if we have, we don\u8217\'92t want to spoil it with a fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, how close are we to the Pass?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be upon it morning,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The light of day?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you just said that everyone wants to kill us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Goree pass is protected ground, so long as you pass in the day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who enforces that law?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Custom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo laughed, and this drew a dirty look from Moto. Moto said,  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Custom may mean nothing to you, but desert customs demand respect amongst outland tribes. They have preserved us for thousands of years. Every tribesman knows that if they violate the truce of the Goree Pass, then they are dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, with ebullient eyes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t laugh because I doubted you. I laughed because I believed you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t believe him,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you should,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No desert custom is going to stop people from looking out for themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever heard of the Old Believers?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet mentioned them a few days ago. The Old Believers  lived in an alluvial plain just south of Cask. They had strange ways of worshiping Solraheen, so to incorporate them into the Hrkan world we had to reform their religion. The plan was to do it piecemeal, over generations, so as not to cause a stir. Don\u8217\'92t start with the religion itself, start with some of their customs to soften them up. The first thing we did is we told them to not write Solraheen with two L\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess what they did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They didn\u8217\'92t want to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They built warehouses out of resin-rich timber, locked themselves inside, and then burnt them all down. An entire tribe of ten-thousand people killed themselves in one night. They killed themselves and their children over a single L. If you ever make it to Jeket\u8217\'92s library, you should look for a book on the histories of the Old Believers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Outland tribes are tickled by custom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet had been sitting silently by herself, brooding as she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been want to do since they\u8217\'92d entered the Tib. The next words she spoke were her first in several days. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the Mazid that killed the Old Believers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you not listening?\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93They killed themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet turned her back. Ayram said that was enough noise for the night, and they took up shelter behind a jumble of boulders which blocked the western wind. Ayram shared some stern words with Seb when he got back from his fecal excursion. All save the giant lay down to rest.}}