{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is very nice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the first scene, I was hoping for a little more clarity as to who Caliban was. I was leaning towards him being a criminal kingpin trying to recover what was stolen from him. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m sure this ambiguity is purposeful, because here we have a man of the law engaged in torturing someone, and with this act, the lines between law/criminal and good/evil begin to blur. But I think clarity at the end of the scene is needed for this point to land, I need to know that this is indeed a man of the law who is doing this. You aim for this in the final paragraph, but when I read it, I was still wondering if this is indeed a legitimate prison, and not some kingpin\u8217\'92s private torture bunker. So, just a touch of clarity there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 >}{\f0\fs24\b0 C}{\f0\fs24\b0 aliban regarded him. Middle-aged and sweat-slicked\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >}{\f0\fs24\b0 C}{\f0\fs24\b0 aliban turned the man over in his head. An unambitious man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >Caliban rose and put out his hand. Past Bessent\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, in the doorway, stood a man he had not heard come in\u8230\'85 He was wearing a brown suit with light stripes and sharp creases along the sides of his trousers. An unfamiliar gun with a black barrel and two red-brown grips separated by a gray flat drum angled downward from his left hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >}{\f0\fs24\b0 C}{\f0\fs24\b0 aliban threw himself onto the hardwood floor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The description of the gun gets in the way of caliban\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reaction to it. I think it would be more effective if you found a way to squeeze together the moment he recognizes the gun as a threat, and throwing himself to the floor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I might be the only one who didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite pick up the staging here ( the hitman enters \u8220\'93Past Bessent\u8217\'92s shoulder\u8221\'94). In my head, the seat behind the desk is would be facing the door which enters into the office, just like every \u8216\'91small office\u8217\'92 I\u8217\'92ve ever seen. So, even though you\u8217\'92ve written \u8216\'91past bessent\u8217\'92s shoulder\u8217\'92, my brain was like, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to ignore that\u8221\'94, because what kind of madman sets his office up with his back to the door.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >}{\f0\fs24\b0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0 hrough the gap beneath the desk, he could see \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8204\'3Ftwo pairs of shoes, one old and scuffed, and the other polished to a shine.\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line Like the description of the gun, I think this line also works against the intensity of the moment. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a huge break between caliban throwing himself on the floor, and the heavy, stuttering thunder.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>}{\f0\fs24\b0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0  heavy, stuttering thunder ripped across the room. Shards of glass rained down on his back, and he heard a soft thud on the desk. Spent shells cascaded onto the floor at an impossible rate. He felt something drip on his back.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Impossible rate\u8221\'94 feels way too fast for a \u8216\'91heavy, stuttering thunder\u8217\'92. Impossible rate is reserved for the BRRRRT of an A-10 warthog. And this might be a personal taste, but it would be cool to see the \u8216\'91rain\u8217\'92 of glass and \u8216\'91cascade\u8217\'92 of shells tied together, and the \u8216\'91soft thud\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91drip on his back\u8217\'92 tied together. And maaaaan, \u8216\'91something\u8217\'92 dripped on his back? This is Caliban we\u8217\'92re talking about, he knows it\u8217\'92s Bessent\u8217\'92s blood.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>}{\f0\fs24\b0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0 he stranger bounded across the room until Caliban could see the whites of his mismatched eyes. He felt warm metal sticking into his ribs. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I used to row like you. Hard, with both arms. But the River goes where it goes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\line So, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not quite clear what the hitman\u8217\'92s deal is. The \u8220\'93howdy\u8221\'94, and \u8220\'93haven\u8217\'92t decided that yet\u8221\'94 neatly matches Caliban\u8217\'92s cool, calm, and collected, and I\u8217\'92m liking it. Then all of a sudden he \u8216\'91bounds\u8217\'92 across the room and gets all incomprehensible. The \u8220\'93be a leaf in the wind\u8221\'94 schtick doesn\u8217\'92t feel like a well motivated response to the energy Caliban is giving him. Because Caliban isn\u8217\'92t dropping to his knees groveling for his life or try to pull his own gun to wrest control of the situation. He seems pretty chill, all things considered.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f0\fs24\b0 trailing wisps of smoke. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This is the first hint of anything fantasy, and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s somewhat jarring, but maybe in a good way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And finally, I feel a certain way about the name Caliban. Does Shakespeare exist in this world? If so, what kind of mother would name her child that. If not, where does the name come from? Is it only a nod to The Tempest, or am I supposed to be reading into it? Or, is it just a name? }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}