{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76971/pg76971-images.html#Spaniel"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76971/pg76971-images.html#Spaniel}}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76971/pg76971-images.html#Spaniel"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76971/pg76971-images.html#Spaniel}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We sat opposite to one another in the compartment, with, at first, ramparts of London papers between us.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You speak almost regretfully. Do you wish for gloomy and mysterious events in your life?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose not. Yet there is a spirit hidden in one which does sigh plaintively for the strange.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps this time it will be gratified.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Something in the tone of his voice moved me to say\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you expect it to be gratified?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I! Why should I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Something in your voice made me fancy that you did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The London atmosphere is, perhaps, affecting me already,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93The London influence is taking hold of me. I told you it always stirred my imagination.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At Boulogne-sur-mer!\u8221\'94 I said, as the train ran into the station. \u8220\'93The monster\u8217\'92s arms are longer than Goliath\u8217\'92s!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The stoppage of the train interrupted our conversation. We got out to stretch our legs for a moment, and as we did so I found myself wondering why Vernon, generally a very frank man, at any rate with me, should have met my plain question with an attempt at laughing subterfuge. It was a very slight matter, of course. In another man I should, perhaps, scarcely have noticed it. But it was not Vernon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s way, and therefore it struck me. I felt that he wished to prevent me from getting\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 3}{\f0\fs24\b0 3at the truth of his mind at this moment. Usually, his desire certainly was that the truth of his mind should be known to me.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 and I saw the fingers of his two hands clench themselves violently in the palms.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then he recovered himself, came forward, and greeted us with self-possession.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dinner I need not chronicle at length. It took place downstairs, although we had engaged the sitting-room to appease a management shocked at our lack of evening clothes. The talk ran easily enough, helped by Lord Elyn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unconsciousness of the obsession of the black spaniel, which sometimes seemed to me to be hovering about our table, creeping beneath our chairs, a shadow importunate, servile, yet menacing. I felt that the thoughts of Deeming and Vernon, interlacing and inimical, were on this whining, whimpering, uneasy shadow, that had called the latter from his home in Italy, that had stopped him here by the grey sea. I knew it as if those thoughts were spread before me by my plate. And all the time we chatted, glancing from subject to subject without great earnestness, laughing lightly at the last London absurdity, or discussing with apparent animation the chances of politics and the trend of art, I felt that our\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 4}{\f0\fs24\b0 2conversation was but a thin veil spread over a depth in which were other voices than ours, murmuring, in which the pale forms of future events glided, like spectres, to and fro.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to be very rude to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on. I\u8217\'92ll bear it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am perfectly certain you are suffering from nervous exhaustion. You have all the symptoms. You are horribly pale and shaky, and full of irritability and suspicion, ready to entertain any dark idea that may present\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 4}{\f0\fs24\b0 5itself to you, unable to see things in a clear light of reason.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you, Luttrell; do you know what you are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. I\u8217\'92m going to be rude to you. You are either a self-deceiver or a\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well, something one doesn\u8217\'92t care to call a man. You know quite well, in your heart, that Vernon has come over so soon because\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 because\u11834\'3F\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Suddenly he hesitated, faltered, broke off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I seemed to hear the whimper of a dog near us in the night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve had enough of the wind,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And we went back to the hotel without another word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Next morning, Vernon and I went up to town by an early train, leaving Lord Elyn and Deeming to take their Channel trip. At Charing Cross, as we were parting, Vernon to go to Claridge\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s and I to my flat in Albemarle Street, Vernon said, \u8220\'93By the way, what is Deeming\u8217\'92s address?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Three hundred, Wimpole Street,\u8221\'94 I said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 the pellucid clearness of African landscapes,}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 A more dreadful house I have seldom seen. The stamp of bad taste, of pretentious middleclass vulgarity, was upon it, showing in every detail, in the colouring of walls, in the patterns of carpets, in the shapes of the furniture, in the tiles of the hearths, in the very balusters and fire-irons. The mirrors were painted with bulrushes, poppies, tulips. Cushions of brown and sulphur-coloured plush lay upon settees that imitated shells. Chocolate-hued porti\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u232\'E8res hung across double doors, upon which were views of Swiss lakes and Alpine heights. There were ceilings that represented the starry firmament, and there were floors that suggested the vegetable-monger\u8217\'92s shop. In \u8220\'93cosy corners,\u8221\'94 thick with dusty draperies, nestled imitation beetles and frogs, among Japanese fans and squads of photographs of possibly well-known actresses, roofed in by open umbrellas of paper, from whose spokes hung gilded balls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And there were yellow spotted palms in pots, wrapped, like a face distraught with toothache, in smothering cloths of bilious yellow and of shrieking green.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 an honourable man who is forced by circumstance to practise a mild deceit.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no! I could never have another pet. I suffered too much from my affection, Luttrell. I am resolved not to suffer again in that way. The mountains may fall, but I shall never keep another dog.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We walked on. As we did so, the spaniel whimpered, ran to his master, and fawned about his legs as if demanding protection.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At this stage in my mental debate I reached the Piccadilly corner of Albemarle Street, and was just going to turn towards my house, when a familiar face, a face respectable, close-shaven, English, looked upon me in the lamplight, and a bowler hat was deferentially lifted.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I was pumping the man, I acknowledge it. I can make no excuse for it. I was driven by something that seemed to me then more than an ignoble curiosity.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Late in the afternoon of the next day I received a very unexpected visit from Arthur Gernham. When I saw him come into my room, dressed in a }{\f0\fs24\b1 suit of homespun}{\f0\fs24\b0 , with a flannel shirt and a red tie, and holding a soft brown wideawake in his hand, I jumped up\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 07from my chair eagerly. I guessed at once that he had something to say with reference to our conversation of the previous night.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want you to be less vague, Luttrell; and I think you can. A man doesn\u8217\'92t say such a thing as you\u8217\'92ve said without more meaning than you\u8217\'92ve acknowledged.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assure you\u11834\'3F\u8221\'94 I began.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But he stopped me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now look here,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93One often has a thought behind one\u8217\'92s thought, like a body behind its shadow. You\u8217\'92ve found the shadow; now look for the body, and I\u8217\'92ll bet you\u8217\'92ll find that too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I heard the scratching of a dog against the inside of the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I stood still, held my breath, and listened. The scratching was repeated, prolonged. It was gentle, surreptitious almost, yet insistent, a summons to me to return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Again my body sickened. I was physically afflicted. Nausea seized me. But now my mind rose up and protested against the condition, against the domination of my body, like a thing angry and ashamed. Suddenly I took a resolution. I would open the door without delay in answer to the appeal of the black spaniel. Swiftly I went back to the door, grasped the handle, turned it, pushed. The door resisted me. It was locked. As I realised this I heard from within the desolate whining of a dog imprisoned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luttrell! Luttrell!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dine with me, then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Certainly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right. And now let\u8217\'92s have some music. I\u8217\'92ve got a new piano since last year.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We spent the next hour with Richard Strauss and Saint-Sa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u235\'EBns.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been sleeping wretchedly lately. Morphia would be more the thing for me than coffee.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was not exactly pleasant. I saw the man\u8217\'92s soul naked that night\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stark naked. It was on that occasion the dog bit him.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did you do that?\u8221\'94 I repeated. \u8220\'93What is there to laugh at?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was laughing at your certainty, Luttrell, at the calm assurance with which we\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 poor, ignorant beings that we are\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 assert this or that regarding the fate of a soul, without knowing anything of the purposes of the Creator.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And yet you say\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8216\'91Thank God, it\u8217\'92s all over now!\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He looked at me so strangely that I was struck to silence. I opened my lips to speak, but, while his eyes were upon me, I could say nothing. He made me feel as if, indeed, I were plunged in a profound gulf of ignorance, as if he watched me there from some height of understanding, of knowledge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now I\u8217\'92ll go and fetch the spaniel,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I turned in my chair and sat facing the door. The room was softly lit by wax candles, and on the walls were the pictures of gentleness, of mercy, of goodness and adoration which had hung upon the walls of Vernon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dining-room in Rome. My glance ran over them, while my mind dwelt upon the horrors of Vernon\u8217\'92s narrative\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 horrors that seemed all the greater because he had told me so little, had left my imagination so unfettered.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Vernon said. \u8220\'93What do you think of him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s horribly thin,\u8221\'94 I said. \u8220\'93Horribly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I turned my eyes from the spaniel to Vernon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think\u11834\'3F\u8221\'94 I began and hesitated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 he asked calmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think you give him enough to eat?\u8221\'94 I said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it\u8217\'92s very bad for dogs to overfeed,\u8221\'94 he answered. \u8220\'93Nothing ruins their health like overeating, and spaniels are like pugs, inclined to be greedy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I noticed that he had not answered my question.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I bent down, touched him, turned him over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then I faced Vernon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Murderer!\u8221\'94 I said. \u8220\'93Murderer!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was only a black spaniel!\u8221\'94 Vernon said, laying the revolver down on the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Murderer!\u8221\'94 I repeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then I lifted up the corpse of the spaniel, and went out into the night carrying it in my arms.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\~night I found myself confronted by a Marnier whom I had never seen before. The desert wine had gone to the lad\u8217\'92s brain. That was certain. No intonations of the Oxford don lurked in the voice. No reminiscences of the Oxford \u8216\'91High\u8217\'92 clung about the manner. A man sober and the same man drunk are scarcely more different than the Marnier who had ridden with me up the sandy street of Beni-Kouidar the previous day and the man who sat opposite to me at dinner in the \u8216\'91Rendezvous des Amis\u8217\'92 that night. I knew in a moment that the aum\u244\'F4nier was right, and that I must get the lad away at once from the intoxicant which nature poured out over this far-away city. His eyes were shining feverishly, and when I mentioned Mr. Ruskin in a casual way he looked unutterably bored.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 linger, for a moment, on the differences between drukenenss and sobriety.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain { }}