{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 First came that familiar flash of white. His vision was flooded with a cosmic swirl of shimmering brightness, and when Mandri shucked his mind free of this blinding vision, he could see everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Sparks stirring in their stomachs. Obo\u8217\'92s gold Spark outshone them all, but bright as he was, bright as they all were, they illuminated nothing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Illeal immigrannt}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His calm delivery belied the fact that his frustration was boiling over. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She wasn\u8217\'92t supposed to die!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then how did Mandri manage it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The tension in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders snapped, and he stammered out a meek, \u8220\'93I have no idea.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri snickered and gathered himself together. He picked up Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s litter and carried it over to the Mazid, then patted him on the shoulder. \u8220\'93Let me carry you for another while,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go find another enemy to burn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo smiled and climbed into the litter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about you two?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked the siblings. \u8220\'93Are you coming?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Coming where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure Shis can\u8217\'92t be far away. There\u8217\'92s got to be a demon hole in the ground around here somewhere. Come on, what else are you going to do? This is what you\u8217\'92re here for, right? Ending evil? Well, let\u8217\'92s end it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah eyed the doors with wrinkled scorn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do we do now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was dismayed to see his thread of purpose knot up at the base of the door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I think I just stand here and\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Knock?\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reached out to knock, but there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a clean spot for it. The door\u8217\'92s panel was too full of sculpted, snarling demons. In the end he made no decision, as a thread of purpose alighted out of nothing to guide his knuckles toward the forehead of an anguished man who was being yanked along by hooks set into his skin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took a step back, and waited.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He did not wait long, for out of the air around him there arose a voice, a woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, a voice as old and aggrieved as Elrahet\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come in,\u8221\'94 it said, and it was}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , trying, unsuccessfully, to appear unruffled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These demons here, they want to kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing so crude,\u8221\'94 Pel replied. \u8220\'93They simply want to put your Spark back into its rightful place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As quickly as he could manage, he pulled Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden knife from out of his robe, and he slashed that bright white cord in two. The thread of purpose burst into a shimmering mist. Pel hissed and set her furious gaze on Mandri. \u8220\'93Whose purpose do you think you\u8217\'92ve cut?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 FIX METEOR}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 REMOVE OBLIVION IN BURSHAGEET.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wrenched up in rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93NO!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He grabbed hold of his golden knife, and he slashed at those strangling threads as he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen Elrahet do. His wild flailing nearly slashed Moto\u8217\'92s hand, but he didn\u8217\'92t care, he slashed out again, and again, and again, and with each slicing stroke, bundles of these puppetry strings fell away, but they grew right back, rejoining themselves to Obo\u8217\'92s Spark.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Halt!\u8221\'94 Pel shouted. The horde of demons halted by her side. The command was also meant for Mandri, and an anxious quiver split Pel\u8217\'92s lips. \u8220\'93Put down the knife,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You know not what you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri gripped the knife more tightly. He looked down at Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spherical stomach which listed in the oozing, smoking mess that was Obo\u8217\'92s insides. And there was Obo\u8217\'92s golden Spark. Mandri did not know what to do with it. He only knew that he didn\u8217\'92t want Pel to have it. More than anything he\u8217\'92d ever wanted, he wanted to stop that old witch from swallowing this blessed Spark. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He reached down with his blade and nicked the stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wet curve. An amber juice spilled out and mixed in with the rest of Obo\u8217\'92s muck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And the Spark was there, bright as ever. A glorious sliver of its golden light peeped through the hole in the membrane and muscle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At once he was struck by both the witch and an all encompassing bliss. His body crashed to the floor while his mind was lost in senseless joy. Nothing mattered. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t despair, this was liberation. He was at the bottom of being, and down there was a warmth there that he could dwell. There was a presence there. He was being hugged. Somehow, Obo was with him, as was Elrahet, and that gnawing loneliness which plagued him since he came wailing out of his mother\u8217\'92s womb was gone, gone as if it were never there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri handed Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden knife out to the blur that was Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Swing it in the air,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri lashed out with his own golden knife and cut a thread of demonic purpose as it wandered towards Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just start swinging and follow me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri screamed in horror as a gout of golden fire fountained out of that hole in Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat. Its heat was terrifying, and the force of its surge split the rest of Obo\u8217\'92s neck wide open. Then came a final, sputtering flash of gold, and Obo\u8217\'92s head peeled all the way back onto his shoulders. His fingers lost their grip on Mandri\u8217\'92s hair, and he fell off his perch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri twisted round and caught the falling Mazid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In her hand was her fabled blade. Her golden Spark was still free from the net of purpose which enmeshed everything else. But Mandri did not need to see a bright white thread to know her purpose, for she licked her long teeth at the sight of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That would not do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then something snapped, a twinge in his neck, a muscle or tendon, and his __ eyes rolled back in their sockets as his flame continued to ruin the dark. His head tilted backwards, undirected, and a worrisome bulge extruded out the side of his white-hot neck until it burst.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened!?\u8221\'94 Moteah cried as she scanned the black sky above for some renewed assault which Obo might have missed, but there was only a rain of streaming flames as dead demons fell to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it dead?\u8221\'94 Moto asked as he propped Obo\u8217\'92s head up, hoping the front of Obo\u8217\'92s neck might reattach. But Obo\u8217\'92s eyes did not list from their split-eyed gaze, and his body was fully limp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo had cleared a wide, flaming circle around them, a lake of combusted corpses, but Obo had not killed them all. A thousand threads of murderous purpose stretched through the flames and latched on to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden Spark}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri took his golden knife and sliced open a gash right down Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest, all the way down to the belly. He reached in and pulled at the ribs, which easily unbuckled from the gleaming white sternum. It opened like the wing of a bird cage, and when Mandri saw his own severed hand laying there in the goop, he almost burst into tears, for that hand was the only part of him that had done anyone any good. There it lay, unused.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hesitated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a thread of purpose connecting him to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94 Pell cackled. \u8220\'93Deny my will. Do what you want. Be young Mandrameen and swallow that Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An anxious moment passed as Mandri wondered what he should do. The many faces of evil surrounded him. Their number was dwarfed by the darkness. Mandri tried to find the thread which marked his future winding through them, but it was all too complex. In the end, it was the sight of Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s broken face which made his mind, and at that same instant, Pel let loose a wild scream and took flight. She shot straight for Mandri, and the shock of her gnashing teeth nearly cowed him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri bent and sipped that liquid Spark into his mouth, then swallowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Spark slimed down his throat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel, flying furious, dodged Moto and Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s swinging swords for their savage arcs were betrayed by arcs of preceding purpose. And just before her gnashing teeth smacked into Mandri\u8217\'92s chest, Obo\u8217\'92s golden Spark merged with Mandri\u8217\'92s own.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was brought back to reality by Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haunting laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lay on the ground, and she was kneeling over him. The brightness of her Spark was dazzling. The brightness of his own Spark glinted in her eyes, but she did not move to feast. And in the depths of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bliss, her smile took on new meaning. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Instead of delighting in his fear, she seemed satisfied, as if his swallowing of the Spark were a job well done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful,\u8221\'94 she muttered as she marveled at Mandri\u8217\'92s joy. And more than admiration, the look in her eyes was one of longing. She locked her gaze with his, and Mandri could feel the emotion pouring out of her as vividly as if she were his mother, a lover, a dearest friend, a most hated enemy. All their history felt tied together, and this was a final parting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see, don\u8217\'92t you, that there is a being greater than yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She then raised her knife in the air and brought it down upon her own belly. She ripped the gash wide with a pained jerk. Blood poured over her fingers, and with her free hand, she reached in, grabbed her stomach, and pulled it out of her belly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth had been severed, but the intestines trailed along like a horrible, squelching, worm. She lowered her stomach\u8217\'92s open lip to Mandri\u8217\'92s awestruck mouth.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Savor the taste,\u8221\'94 she wheezed as she tipped her stomach like a wine bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her Spark spilled out and it forced its way into his throat. Reality twanged as Schisol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gift merged with Solraheen\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 twinned divinities combined into one inside his body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt he might explode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His flesh was not built to house this power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He coughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His stomach spasmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bony hands fell upon his mouth and forced his jaw shut. With each new breath, her strength dwindled, and as the seed of divinity took root in a stomach fold, she fell back. The smack of her shoulders against the ground forced out an eonic sigh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}