{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The astronauts fallen to sea but also still up there, graved in frozen smoke,, and he lay awake in the night and saw that deep atlantic sky and thought this death was soaring and clean, an exalted thing, a passing of the troubled body into vapor and flame, out above the world, monogrammed, the Y of dying young.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We eventually succumb to time, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s true, but time depends on us. We carry it in our muscles and genes, pass it on to the next set of time-factoring creatures, our brown-eyed daughters and jug-eared sons, or how would the world keep going. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This girl she be real quick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A murmur of assent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She be a running fool this girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heads bobbing above the comic books.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did her mother go away?\u8221\'94\line \u8220\'93She be a addict. They un, you know, predictble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All street, these kids. No home or school. Edgar wanted to gethm in a room with a blackboard and then buzz their heads with spellinga nd Punctuation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Egar knew about Ismael\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s early career\u8230\'85 He\u8217\'92d marked subway cars all over the city, his signature running on every line, and Edgar believed this was where he\u8217\'92d started having sex with men, in his teens, in the tunnels. She heard it in the spaces in his voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She intended to meet her own end with senses intact, grasp it, knkow it finally, open herself to the mystery that others mistake for something freakish and unspeakable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sister grace believed the proof of god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s creativity eddied from the fact that you could not surmise the life, even remotely, of his hublest shut-in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Out here the wind was a force that seized the mind. Yuo left the high school a quarter of a mile behind still hearing the big flag snapping and the halyard bating nautically on the pole and you powered your car into the wind and saw dust sweep across the road and you drove into a white sky feeling useless and dumb.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Buds place could have been something blown in from teh hills. It had a look of being depositied in a natural spree, with lumber warping in the yard and sprung open doors and an unfinished porch on cinter blocks - one of those so-low porches the house looks sunk in the sand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Richard thought bud kept this dog basically for the juvenile thrill of having a chained beast that he could feed or starve according to his whim. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If aetna ever had a clue to what he felt, what would she think? The fear this quiestion carried made him experience actual physical symptoms, a heat, a flush across his upper back, and a tightening at the throat. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only person he ever talked to from the heart was sue ann. She made him feel real, talking on the phone. She gave him the feeling he was taking shape as himself, coming into the shape he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92\u8217\'92d always been inteded to take, the thing of who he really was. It was like filling out - did you ever feel things pouring out from the center of who you are and taking the shape of the intended person?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His gun was his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old .38. It did not have massive knockdown power and it did not shoot through concrete blocks or make fist-size holes in silhouette targets. It just killed people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Astonished his heart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He heard the rain dripping off the eaves and hitting the pie tin where he left food for a stray cat when he remembered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85the more I looked at it the more I thought of jimmy. The towers and birdbaths and fountains and decorated posts and bright oddments and household colors, the green of 7-up bottles and blue milk of magnesia, all the vivid tile embedded in cement the whole complex of structures and gates and panels that were built, hand-built, by one man, alone, an immigrant from somewhere near naples, probably illiterate, who left his wife and family, or maybe they left him, I wasn\u8217\'92t sure, a man whose narrative is mostly blank spaces, date of birth uncertain, until he ends up spending thirty-three years building this thing out of steel rods and broken crockery and pebbles and seashells and soda bottles and wire mesh, all hand-mortared, three thousand sacks of sand and cement, and who spends these years with glass specks crusting his hands and arms and glass dust in his eyes as he hangs from a window-washer\u8217\'92s belt high on the towers, in torn overalls and a dusty fedora, face burnt brown, with lights strung on the radial spokes so he could work at night, maybe ninety feet up , and caruso on the gramophone below. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jimmy was an edge-seeker, a plamist, inferring the future out of his own lined flesh, but he looked at his hand one day, according to my little brother, and it was blank.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When sims laughed I saw his mouth cat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cradled with filaments of gleaming cheese.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I thought terrible substances were dumped routinely in ldc\u8217\'92s\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An LDC, id just found out, was  aless developed country in the language of banks and other global entities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat across teh table, meat face and wide body, the jut underlip, the odd little unlobed ears, round and perfectly worked, the tiny mannered ears of a sprite child.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had a hard grin that mocked whatever facile sentiments ou might be tempted to shelter in the name of your personal conspiracy credo. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A man and woman walked across the lobby and I watched her carefully. Maybe it was the hip-sprung way she moved, high-assed and shiny, alert to surfaces, like a character in a b movie soaked in alimony and gin. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I felt a flare of competition, a duress of the spirit that warns against the shame of losing, and I hurried to catch up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A hole covered across much of the sloped bottom by an immense shimmering sheet, a polyethylene skin, silvery blue, that caught cloudmotion and rolled in the wind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Detwiler tilted his chin, marking the small measure of amusement hi might attach to this remark. He had the canny self-assurance of an industyr maverick, the outsider who tries to roil the works, japing every complacent rule of belief. And he looked remade, retooled, shaved head and bushy mustache, a guy in firm control, with a workout coach and a nice line of credit, in a black turtleneck jersey and designer jeans. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bird flew across the width of the crater, a finch or wren, moving with the nervous fleetness, the urgency of sundown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He talked in his talk-show way, focused, practiced, generically intimate. He was a waste hustler, looking for book deals and documentary films, and I dont think he cared whether we were two people listening or half a million. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Choppers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 and they passed above us with a rackety blast that sucked the air out of the car and left us limp and ducking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ruddy white-haired guys with big ravaged noses, patriarchs of this or that industry. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I gleaned from the boys what it must be like to grow into this kind of world, how commensurate to one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expectation of what is due - the world that moeny makes and erect bearing and clear speech and college emblems on the beds and a sense of birthright and usable history. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sat on the shady side of the table, hands flashing when she reached for her coffe, and when the umbrella edge lifted in the breeze her face caught contour and warmth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was possible she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t here for sex at all but only back matter, the kind of supplementary material that fills out an experience.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not saying sex is our divinity. Please. Only that sex is the one secret we have that approximates an exalted state and that we share, two people share wordlessly more or less equally more or less, and this make it powerful and mysterious and worth sheltering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sex is what you can get. For some people, most people, its the most important thing they can get without being born rich or smart or stealing. This is what life can give you thats equal to others or better, even , that you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hae to go to college six years to get. And its not religion and its not science but you can explore it and learn things about yourself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dont look at me so closely. Youre looking too closely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How else do I know you?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know me. You don\u8217\'92t want to know me. We\u8217\'92re in the desert here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dont look at me}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who will I look at?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come to this freaking outback to be analyzed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Head erect, her mouth pursed in mock self-rigteousness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I felt a breath of estrangement in the room and thought she might be a voyeur of her own experience, living at an angle to the moment, and recording in some state of future-mind. But then she pulled me down, snatched a fistful o fhair and pulled me into a kiss, and there was a heat in her, a hungry pulse that resembled a gust of being. We were patched together grappling and straining, not enough hands to grab each other, not nearly sufficient body to press upon the other, we wanted more hold and grip, a sort of mapped contact, bodies matching point for point, and I raised up and saw how small she looked, naked nad abed, how completely different from teh woman of the movietone aura in the hotel lobby. She was near to real earth now, the sex-grubbed dug-up self, and I felt close to her and thought I knew her finally even as she shut her eyes to hide herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I said her name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We were hollowed out loike scooped guava when it was over. Our limbs ached and I had a desert thirst and we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d killed the morning off. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 she fell into pretend sleep, leave-me-alone sleep, but I eased onto the blanket and pressed myself upon her, breathing the soft heat of her brow and tasting at the end of my tongue the smallest beadlets of fever. I heard room maids talking in the hall and knew we were gone from each other\u8217\'92s life, already and forever.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}