{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We do not rush towards death. We flee the catastrophe of birth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nothing is better proof of how far humanity has regressed than the impossibility of finding a single nation, a single tribe, among whom birth still provokes mourning and lamentations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To defy heredity is to defy billions of years, to defy the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 first}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  cell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What right have you to pray for me? I need no intercessor, I shall manage alone. The prayers of a wretch I might accept, but no one else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, not even a saint\u8217\'92s. I cannot ber your bothering about my salvation. If I apprehend salvation and flee it, your prayers are merely an indiscretion. Invest them elsewhere; in any case, we do not serve the same gods. If mine are impotent, there is every reason to believe yours are no less so.Even assuming they are as you imagine them, they would still lack the power to cure me of a horror older than my memory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unmaking, decreating, is the only task man may take upon himself, if he aspires, as everything suggests, to distinguish himself from the creator.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 My faculty for disappointment surpasses understanding. It is what lets me comprehend buddha, but also what keeps me from following him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Even in childhood I watched the hours flow, independent of any reference, any action, any event, the disjunction of time from what was not itself, its autonomous existence, its special status, its empire, its tyranny. I remember quite clearly that afternoon when, for the first time, confronting the empty universe, I was no more than a passage of moments reluctant to go on playing their proper parts. Time was coming unstuck from being\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at my expense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Cormac Mccarthy: }{\f0\fs24\b0 "He stood at the window of the empty cafe and watched the activities in the square and he said that it was good that God kept the truths of life from the young as they were starting out or else they'd have no heart to start at all.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Here on the coast of Normandy, at this hour of che moming, I needed no one. The very gulls\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 presence bothered me: I drove them off with stones. And hearing their supernatural shrieks, I realized chat chat was just what I wanted, that only the Sinister could soothe me, and that it was for such a confrontation that I had got up before dawn.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Whenever I flag and feel sorry for my brain, I am carried away by an irresistible desire to proclaim. That is the moment I realize the paltry depths out of which rise reformers, prophets, and saviors.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I long to be free\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 desperately free. Free as the stillborn are free.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {lam cnraptured by Hindu philosophy, whose cssential endeavor is to surmount the self; and everything I do, everything I think is only myself and the selfs humiliations.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 mediation on the depressed. They are a live.they have poked their head above the cloud and find themselves disturbed when they lookdown.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I react like everyone else, even like chose I most despise; but I make up for it by deploring every action I commit, good or bad.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Where are my sensations? They have melted into . . me, and what is this me, this self, but the sum of these evaporated sensations?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Once we reject lyricism, to blacken a page becomes an ordeal: what's the use of writing in order to say exactly what we had to say?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {We cannot consent to be judged by someone who has suffered less than ourselves. And since each of us regards himself as an unrecognized Job\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Health is cerminly a good thing; but those who possess it have been denied the opportunity of realizing it, for self-conscious health is either compromised or about to be Since no one delights in his absence of infirmities, we may speak without exaggrracion of a just punishment of the healthy.}
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  idea of religious practice where self mortification is compulsory, so as to appreciate health. You can skip it if you actually have an infirmity, leading to spate of fake infirmities.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I was walking late one night along a tree-lined path; a chestnut fell at my feet. The noise it made as it burst, the resonance it provoked in me, and an upheaval out of al) proportion to this insignificant event thrust me into miracle, into the rapture of the definitive, as if there were no more questions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only answers. I was drunk on a thousand unexpected discoveries, none of which I could make use of.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This is how I nearly reached the Supreme. But instead I went on with my walk.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The surest way of not being deceived is to undermine one certainty after che next. Yet che fact remains that everything chat matters was accomplished outside doubt.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This is how we recognize the man who has tendencies coward an inner quest: he will set failure above any success, he will even seek it our, unconsciously of curse. This is because failure, always essential, reveals us to ourselves, permits us to see ourselves as God sees us, whereas success distances us from what is most inward in oursclves and indeed in cycryching.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Two kinds of mind: daylight and nocrumal. They have neither the same method nor the same morality. In broad daylight, you watch yourself, in the dark, you speak out. The salutary or awkward consequences of what he thinks matter little to the man who questions himself at hours when others are the prey of sleep. Hence he meditates upon the bad luck of being bom without concern for the harm he can cause others or himself. After midnight begins the intoxication of pemicious truths.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In major perplexities, try to live as if history were done with and to ceact like a monster riddled by serenity.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {If I used to ask myself, over a coffin: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What good did it do the occupant to be bom?\u8221\'94, I now put the same question about anyone alive.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Meditate but onc hour upon the selfs nonexistence and you will feel yourself to be another man,\u8221\'94 said a priest of the Japanese Kusha sect to a Western visitor:}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Without having frequented the Buddhist monasteries, how many times have I not lingered over the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unreality, and hence my own? I have not become another man for that, no, but there certainly has remained with me the feeling that my identity is entirely illusory, and that by losing it I have lost nothing, except something, except everything.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {X insults me. I am about to hit him. Thinking it over, I refrain.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Who am I? which is my real self: the self of the retort or that of the refraining? My first reaction is always energetic; the second one, flabby. What is known as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93wisdom\u8221\'94 is ulsimately only a perpetual \u8220\'93thinking it over,\u8221\'94 ie., non-action as first impulse.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Thracians and Bogomils\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I cannot forget that I have haunted the same whereabouts as they, nor that the former wept over the newborn and the latter, in order to justify God, held Satan responsible for the infamy of Creation.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {For years, in fact for life, co have meditated only on your last moments, only to discover, when at last you approach chem, that it was Of no use, that the thought of death helps in everything save in dying!}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {No one has lived so close to his skeleton as I have lived co mine: from which results an endless dialogue and certain truths which I manage neither to accept nor to reject.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {He who hates himself is not humble,}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I have always sought out landscapes that preceded God. Whence my weakness for Chaos.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {For a long while I have lived with the notion that I was the most normal being that ever existed. This notion gave me the taste, even the passion for being unproductive: what was the use of being prized in a world inhabited by madmen, a world mired in mania and stupidity? For whom was one to bother, and to what end? It remains to be seen if I have quite freed myself from this certitude, salvacion in the absolute, ruin in the immediate.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Write books only if you are going to say in them the things you would never dare confide to anyone.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I get along quite well with someone only when he is at his lowest point and has neither the desire nor the strength to restore his habitual illusions.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {If only we could reach back before the concept, could write on a level wich che senses, record the infinitesimal variations of what we touch, do what a reptile would do if it were to set about writing!}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {he feeling of being ten thousand ycars behind, or ahead, of the others, of belonging to the beginnings or to the end of humanity...}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not worth the bother of killing yourself, since you always kill yourself }{\f0\fs24\i1 too late}{.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {He detested objective truths, the burden of argument, sustainad reasoning. He disliked demonstrating, he wanted to convince no one. Otbers are a dialectician\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s invention.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {What do you do from moring to night?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93I endure myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Having always lived in fear of being surprised by the worst, I have tried in every drcumseance to get a head start, flinging myself into misfortune long before it occurred.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I never met one intersting mind that was not richly endowed with inadmissible deficiencies.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Each of us believes, quite unconsciously of course, that he alone pursues the truth, which the rest are incapable of seeking out and unworthy of attaining. This madness is so deep-rooted and so useful that it is impossible to realize what would become of each of us if it were someday to disappear.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Emily Bronte: everything that comes from her has the capacity to overwhelm me. Haworth is my Mecca.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A work exists only if ic is elaborated in the darkness with attention, with all che care of the murderer plotting his crime. In both cases, what counts is the will to strike.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the inconsistency is what makes the human - change og charachter gives us meaning for good or ill.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you waiting for in order to give up?\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Each sickness sends us a summons disguised as a question. We play deaf, even as we realize chat the game is played out and that next time we must have the courage, at last, to capitulate.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {If we could see ourselves as others sec us, we would vanish on the spot}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {n relation to any act of life, the mind acts as a killjoy.}
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 warrior \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93dont think. Thinking ruins the mood. Ruins what we are!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {No one is r\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9sponsible for what he is nor even for what he does. This is obvious and everyone more or less agrees that it is so. Then why celebrate or denigrate? Because to exist is to evaluate, to emit judgments, and because abstention, when it is not the effect of apathy or cowardice, requires an effort no one manages to make.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Try as I will, I cannot manage to scom all chose centuries during which men busied themselves with nothing more than perfecting a definition of God.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I have killed no onc, I have done better: I have killed the Possible, and like Macbeth, what I need most is to pray, but like him too, I cannot say Amen.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {My curiosity and my repulsion, as well as my terror under his oily, meullic gaze, his obsequiousness, his unvamished cunning, his strangely unveiled hypocrisy, his continual and obvious dissimuktions, that mixture of scoundrel and madman .. . His insincerity is evident in cach gesture, in every word. Insincerity isn't the right word, for to be insincere is to conceal the truth, and to know the truth, but in him there is no trace, no notion, no atom of truth, nor of lying eicher, nothing but a loathesome covetousness, a calculating lunacy. . . }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Around midnight, a woman in cears comes up to me in the street: "They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve knifed my husband, France is disgusting, luckily l'm from Brittany, they took away my children, they kept me on drugs for six months.. Not having realized at first that she was mad, so real her agony seemed (and in a sense was), 1 let her chatter on for a good half hour: talking did her good. Then I abandoned her, celling myself thae the difference between us would be infinitesimal if I hegan to pour out my recriminations to the first comer.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {According to the Bible, it is Cain who created the first city, in order to have, as Bossuet puts it, a place wherin to elude bis remorse. What a udgment! And how many times have I not felt is accuracy.in my night walks through Paris!}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 cities are weak. They are powerful. It depends entirely on the moment in which you catch them. Compare to the barabarian. Their narratives are all they have, and so they are strong.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why do they post convert testimony? Money. They invent the soul, and then the need to save it. How convenient. I would only sanction it if the leadership proved their honestly by living in abject poverty, and then died young. But no, they have houses, families, well-fed. They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t *really* believe it. None of them do. They feel no need to prove it.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {they can be, because they are a point of departure, whereas too perfect a hell is almost as sterile as paradise.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {$}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I was twenry. Everything was a harden. One day I collapsed on a couch with an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t cake it any longer.\u8220\'93 My mother, already driven distracted by my sleepless nights, told me she had just had a mass said for my rest. Not one but thirty thowand, 1 would have liked to shout at her, thinking of the figure Charles V inscribed in his will\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for a much longer rest, true enough. \u232\'E8 \u167\'A7}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I can across him again, quite by chance, after twenty-five years. Unchanged, intact, fresher chan ever, he actually seems to have recreated coward adolescence.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Where has he been hiding, and what has he done to escape the action of the years, to avoid our wrinkles and grimaces? And how has he lived, if in fact he has lived at all? Actually, a ghost. He must have cheated, he has not pecformed his duty as a living man, not played the game. A ghost, yes, and a gate<rasher. I discem no sign of destruction on his countenance, none of those marks which testify that one is 2 real being, an individual and not an apparition, What can I say to him? I feel awkward, embarrassed, even afraid. So greatly are we upset hy anyone who escapes time, or merely deceives it.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Incapab:e of gerting up, nailed to my bed, I drift with the whims of my memory, and I see myself wandering, as a child, in the Carpathians. One day I stumbled on a dog whose master, doubtless to be rid of it, had ced it to a tree; the animal was liete more than a skeleton, so drained of life that it barely had the strength to look at me, without being able to move. Yet it was }{\f0\fs24\i1 standing}{, that dog\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain 
\par\plain { he puts all his faculties at che service of his rancors which, miraculously reinvigorated, will survive the crumbling of his memory and even of his reason.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I read him for the shipwrecked feeling I get from anything he writes. At first you follow, chen you start going in circles, then you are caught up in a kind of mild unmenacing whirlpool, and you tell yourself you're sinking, and then you do sink But you don't really drown\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that would be too easy! You come back up to the surface, you follow all over again, amazed to see he seems to be saying something and co understand what it is, and then you stast going round and round again, and you sink once more. . . . All of which is meant to be profound, and seems so. But once you come to your senses you realize it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only abstruse, obscure, and chat the distance between real profundity and che willed kind is as great as berween a revelation and a whim.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Anyone who gives himself up to writing believes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 without realizing the fact that his work will survive the years, the ages, time itself. . If he felt, while he was at work on it, chat it was perishable, he would leave off where he was, he could never finish. Activity and credulity are correlative terms.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {We must beware of whatever insights we have into ourselves. Our self-knowledge annoys and paralyzes our daimon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this is where we should Jook for the reason Socrates wrote nothing.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 True prophets, socrates, jesus, write down nothing.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Tertullian cells us that in order to be cured, epileptics would go \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93and greedily suck the blood of criminals slaughtered in the arena.\u8221\'94 If I were to heed my instinct, this would be the one type of medication, no matter what che disease, which I would adopt.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never judge a man without putting yourself in his place.\u8221\'94 This old proverb makes all judgment impossible, for we judge someone only because, in fact, we cannot put ourselves in his place.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {After cerain experiences, we should change names, since we ourselves are no longer the same. Everything assumes another aspect, starting with death. Which seems close and desirable: we are reconciled to it, and we reach che point of calling it \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93man\u8217\'92s best friend,\u8221\'94 as Mozart does in a letter to his dying father.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 culture which changes name after certain thresholds - a man who has changed names many times is a wise man. Eager for an encounter which will lead to a new name. Only those who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve known all his names can give him a new one. Old age, friends are dead, he cannot take on a new name, as there are none alive who would appreciate the difference. Then they are called \u8216\'91ofae\u8217\'92. Which is nameless.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An enemy is as useful as a Buddha.\u8221\'94 Exactly, for our enemy watches over us, keeps us from letting ourselves go. By indicating, by divulging our least weakness, he leads us straight to our salvation, moves heaven and earth to keep us from being unworthy of his image of us. Hence our gratitude to him should be boundless.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The more poison they contain, the more salutary their effect, provided we read them against che grain, as we should read any book, starting with the catechism.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The stoic\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s maxim, according to which we should submit uncomplainingly to things which do not depend on ourselves, takes into account only external misforrunes, which escape our will. But how to accommodate ourselves to those which come from ourselves? If we are the source of our ills, whom are we to confront? Ourselves? We manage, luckily, to forget that we are the guilty parties, and moreover existence is tolerable only if we daily renew this lie, this act of oblivion.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {When somcone tells us of an unfavorable opinion about ourselves, instead of being distressed, we should think of all the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93evil\u8221\'94 we have spoken of others, and realize that it is only justice that as much should be said of ourselves. Ironically, no one is more vulnerable, more susceptible, and less likely to acknowledge his own defects than the backbiter. Merely tell him about the slightest reservation someone has made in his regard, and he will lose countenance, lose his temper, and drown in his own bile.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The kas conversion is cxpcricnecd as an advance. Fortunately there exist exceptions.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {One of my favorites is chat eightcenth-century Jewish sect in which men went over to Christianity in order to debase themselves; and another is that South American Indian who, upon conversion, lamented that he must now become chc prey of worms instead of being caten by his children, an honor he would have enjoyed had he not abjured his tribe's beliefs.}
\par\plain {Anxiety is not provoked: it tries to find a justification for itself, and in order to do so seizes upon anything, the vilest pretexts, to which it clings once it has invented them. A reality which precedes its particular expressions, its varieties, anxiety provokes itself, engenders itself, it is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93infinite creation,\u8221\'94 and as such is more likely to suggest the workings of the divinicy than those of the psyche.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {To 2 student who wanted to know where I stood with regard to the author of Zarathustra, 1 replied chat I had long since stopped reading him. Why? \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I find him too nnr.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I hold his enthusiasms, his fervors against him. He demolished so many idols only to replace them with others: a false iconoclast, with adolescent aspects and a certain virginity, a certain innocence inherent in his solitary\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s carcer. He observed men only from a distance. Had he come closer, he could have neither conceived nor promulgated the superman, that preposterous, laughable, even grotesque chimera, a crutchet which could occur only to a mind without time to age, to know the long serene disgust of detachment.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  A big living room. Nobody used it.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do 1 look like someone who has something to do here on earth?\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 That\u8217\'92s what I'd like to answer the busybodies who inquire into my activities.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In the Dhammapada, it is suggested that, in order to achieve deliverance, we must be rid of the double yoke of Good and Evil. That Good itself should be one of our feners we are too spiritually retarded to be able to admit. And so we shall not be delivered.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I suppressed word after word from my vocabulary. When the massacre was over, }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {We should have been excused from lugging a body: the burden of the self was enough.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {We had nothing to say to one another, and while I was manufacturing my phrasc I fek that the earth was falling through space and chat I was falling with it at a speed that made me dizzy.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Stray thoughts? Seems to me this is easy work. Hard to maintain the magic when expounding. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s why he refuses to do it. It unravels when language sits on it.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 idea for a socitey which has \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91patches\u8217\'92 - economy resets. Etc.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I draw che curains, and I wait. Actually, I am not waiting for anything, I am merely making myself aksent. Scoured, if only for a few minutes, of the impurities which dim and clog the mind, I accede to a state of consciousness from which the self is evacuated, and I am as soothed as if I were resting outside the universe.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The dissolving power of conversation. One realizxs why both meditation and action require silence.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Why does the Gita rank \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93renunciation of the fruit of actions\u8221\'94 so high? Because such renunciation is rare, impracticable, contrary to our nature, and because achieving it is destroying the man one has been and one is, killing in oneself the entire past, the work of millemia\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in a word, freeing oneself of the Species, that hideous and immemorial ciffraff.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {We should have abided by our larval condition, dispensed with evolution, remained incomplete, delighting in the elemental siesta and calmly consuming ourselves in an embryonic ecstasy.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The man of the Rubicon, after Pharsalus, had forgiven wo many. Such magnanimity seamed offensive to those of his friends who had betrayed him and whom he had humiliated by treating them without rancor. They felt diminished, flouted, and punished him for his clemency or for his disdain: he had refused to stoop to resentment! Had he behaved as a tyrant, they would have spared him. But they could not forgive him, since he had not deigned to frighten them enough.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Fanaticism is the death of conversation. We do not gossip with a candidate for martyrdom. What are we to say to someone who refuses to penetrate our reasons and who, the moment we do not bow to his, would rather die than yield? Give us dilettantes and sophists, who at least espouse all reasons. . .}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {More than all others, our relatives are ready to doubt our merits. Ic is a universal cule: Buddha himself did not escape it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one of his cousins opposed him the mast, and only afterward Mara, the devil.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who was it that said something like, you must leave your village to be a prophet?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Rather in a gutter than on a pedestal,}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In order to conquer panic or some tenacious anxiety, there is nothing like imagining your own burial. An effective method, readily available to all, In order not to have to resort to it too often in che course of a day, best to experience its benefit straight off, when you get up. Or else use it only at exceptional moments, like Pope Innocent IX, who, having commissioned a painting in which he was shown on his deathbed, glanced at it each time he had to make some important decision.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Aristotle, Aquinas, Hegel\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 three enslavers of the mind. The worst form of despotism is the system, in philosophy and in everything.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {God is what survives the evidence that nothing deserves to be thought.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {We should repeat to ourselves, every day: I am one of the billions dragging himself across the carth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s surface. One, and no more. This banality justifies any conclusion, any behavior or action: debauchery, chastity, suicide, work, crime, sloth, or rebellion. . . . Whence it follows that each man is right to do what he does.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Tsimisum. This silly-sounding word designates a major concept of the Cabbala For the world to exist, God, who was everything and everywhere, consented to shrink, co leave a vacant space not inhabited by Himself: it is in this \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hole\u8221\'94 that the world occurred.}
\par\plain {Thus we occupy the wasteland He conceded to us out of pity or whim. For us to exist, He contracted, He limited His sovereignty. We are the product of His voluntary reduction, of His effacement, of His pardal absence. In His madness He has actually amputated Himself for us. If only He had had the good sense and the good taste to remain whole!}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gospel According to the Egyptians,\u8221\'94 Jesus proclaims: "Men will be the victims of death so long as women give birth.\u8221\'94 And he specifies: }{\f0\fs24\b1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I am come to destroy the works of woman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {When we frequent the extreme truths of the Gnostics, we should like to go, if possible, still further, to say something never said, which petrifies or pulverizes history, something out of a cosmic Neronianism, out of a madness on the scale of matcer.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He who is inclined to lust is merciful and tender-hearted; those who are inclined to purity are not so\u8221\'94 (Saint John Climacus). Ie took a saint, neither more nor less, to denounce so distinctly and so vigorously not the lies but the very essence of Christian morality, and indeed of all morality.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Every phenomenon is a corrupt version of another, larger phenomenon: time, a disease of eternity; history, a disease of time; life, again, a disease of mater.}
\par\plain {Then what is normal, what is healthy? Eternity? Which itself is only an infirmity of God.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Each generation lives in the absolute: it behaves as if it had reached the apex if not the end of history}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {If all peoples tumed apathetic at once, there would be no more conflicts, no more wars, no more empires. But unforunacely there are young peoples, and indeed young people major obstacle to the philanthropists\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 dreams: to bring it about that all men might reach che same degree of lassicude or ine\u383\'3F\u383\'3Feciual \u183\'B7 ity. eu.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 We must side with che oppressed on every occasion, even when they are in the wrong, though without losing sight of the fact that they are molded of the same clay as their oppressors.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 temerity}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Alaric claimed that a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93demon\u8221\'94 drove him against Rome. Every exhausted civilization awaits its barbarian, and every barbarian awaits his demon.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {lords without convictions, they had the art of combining authority and indifference, rigor and abandon. Ic is this art, che secret of che true master, which the Spaniards of old lacked, as it is lacking in che conquerors of our own day.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 When we think of the Berlin salons in the Romantic period, of the role played in them by a Henrietta Herz or a Rachel Levin, of the friendship between the latter and Crown Prince Louis-Ferdinand; and when we then think thar if such women had lived in this century they would have died in some gas chamber, we cannot help considering the belief in progress as the falsest and stupidest of superstitions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Eugene Thacker}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is an American author. He is a professor of media studies at\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_New_School"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 The New School}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in New York City.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugene_Thacker#cite_note-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 1]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~His writing is associated with the philosophy of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nihilism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 nihilism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophical_pessimism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 pessimism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Thacker's books include\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 In the Dust of This Planet}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(part of his "Horror of Philosophy" trilogy) and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Infinite Resignation}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 idea for afterlife story, where souls are trapped until they are forgotten \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93we suppose that it was meant to be punishement for those who thought too much of themselves, put themselves in position of celebration or fear, instead of living in humility. But then writing came along and extended that punishment. And now computers\u8230\'85We\u8217\'92ll never be free of it until so much data accumulates that we are buried under it like fossils in sand, and no one could find us except through a lucky strike.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {When, just after che First World War, electricity was installed in the village where I was bom, there was a general murmur of protest, then mute desolation. But when electricity was installed in the churches (there were three), everyone was convinced the Antichrist had come and, with him, the end of time.}
\par\plain {These Carpathian peasants had seen clearly, had seen far: Emerging from prehistory, they knew already, in chat day and age, what \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93civilized\u8221\'94 men have known only recently.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for every lightbulb that liberates a man from menial tasks, it chains five others to a cubicle.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Ideas are unsuited to a final agony; they die, of course, but without knowing how to die, whereas an event exists only with a view to its end. A sufficient reason to prefer the company of historians to that of philosophers.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {During his famous embassy to Rome in the second century B.C., Carneades took advantage of the occasion to speak the first day in favor of the idea of justice, and on the following day against ic. From chat moment, philosophy, hitherto nonexistent in that country of healthy ccnduct, began to perpetrate its ravages. What is philosophy, then? The worm in the fruit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {Cato the Censor, who had been present at the Greek\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dialectical performances, was alarmed by them and asked the Senate to satisfy the Acbenian delegation as soon as possible, so harmful and even dangerous did he consider their presence. Roman youth was not to frequent minds so destructive.}
\par\plain {On the moral level, Carneades and his companions were as formidable as the Carthaginians on the military. Rising nations fear above all the absence of prejudices and prohibitions, the incellecrual shamelessness which constitutes the allure of declining civilizations.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In the long run, tolerance breeds more ills than intolerance. If this is erue, it constitutes che most serious accusation that can be made against man.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {With sufficient perspective, nothing is good or bad. The historian who ventures to judge the past is writing joumalism in another century.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The strength of this Statesman is to be visionary and cynical. A dreamer without scruples.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Hitler is without a doubt the most sinister character in history. And the most pathetic. He managed to achieve precisely the opposite of what he wanted, he destroyed his ideal point by point. It is for chis reason that he is a monster in a class by himself that is, a monster twice over, for even his pathos is monstrous.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {All great events have been set in motion by madmen, by mediocre madmen. Which will be crue, we may be sure, of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93end of the world\u8221\'94 itself.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Life would become endurable only among a humanity which would no longer have any illusions in reserve, a humanity completely disabused and delighted to be so.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {n 1441, the Council of Florence decreed that pagans, Jews, heretics, and schismatics will have no part in \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93ewmal life\u8221\'94 and chat all, unless they embrace, before dying, the true religion, will go straight to hell.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In che days when the Church professed such enormities it was truly the Church. An institution is vital and srong only if it rejects everything which is not itself. Unforrunacly the same is true of a nation or of a regime.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The Aztecs were right to believe the gods must be appeased, to offer them human blood every day in order to keep the universe from sinking back into chaos.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {We long since ceased to believe in the gods, and we no longer offer chem sacrifices, Yet the world is still here. No doubt Only we no longer have the good luck to know why it does not collapse on che spot.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woe unto you, when all men speak well of you!\u8221\'94 Christ was here foretelling his own end. All men now speak well of him, even the most hardened unbelievers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they above all. Jesus knew perfecely well that he would one day succumb \u187\'BBo universal approbation. .}
\par\plain {Christianity is lost if it does not suffer persecutions as pitiless as those it was subjected to at its beginning. It must provoke enemies at all costs, prepare great calamities for itself. Only a new Nero might still be able to save it.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In che slaughterhouse that moming, I watched the cartle being led to their death. Almost every animal, at the last moment, refused to move forward. To make them do so, a man hit them on the hind legs.}
\par\plain {This scene often comes to mind when, ejected from slecp, I lack the strength to confront the daily corture of Time.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {"There's no help for it,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 che nonagenarian kept repeating to whatever I said, to whatever I shouted into her ear concerning the present, the future, the march of events.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In che hope of getting some other response from her, I went on with my apprehensions, my grievances, my complaints. Obtaining only the sempitemal "No help for it,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 I came to the end of my patience and left, irritated wich myself, irritated wich her. What folly, co confide in an idiot!}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Outside, complete reversal: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But the old woman's right. How could:I fail to realize right away that her refrain had a truth in it, doubtless the most important truth of all, since everything that happens proclaims it and everything in ourselves rejects it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I was that young man who went along and did not know what heights my fellows hadd acjieved.I was near 40 when I discovered cioran. New ignorance is constantly being born. It is an onslaught, but how can I can complain when I was one of them, and only floated to the surface when god untethered me.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In art and in everything, the commentator is generally berer informed and more lucid than the subject of commentary. This is the advantage the murderer has over his victim.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {After having, to no avail, tried everything among the mystics, he had only one recourse: to founder in wisdom. . . .}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Suffering opens our eyes, helps us to see what we would not have seen otherwise. Hence it is useful only to knowledge and, except for that, serves only to poison existence. Which, one may add in passing, favors knowledge further. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He has suffered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hence he has understood.\u8221\'94 This is all we can say of a victim of disease, injustice, or of any kind of misfortune. Suffering improves no one (except those who were already good), it is forgorten as all things are forgotten, it does not enter into \u8220\'93humanity\u8217\'92s patrimony\u8221\'94 nor preserve itself in any way at all\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it wastes itself as everything is wasted. Once again, it serves only to open our eyes.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The only moments I think of with relief are those when | sought to be nothing for anyone, when I blushed at the notion of leaving the slightest trace in the memory of a single human being.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {All my thoughts are turned toward resignation, and yet not a day passes when I fail to concoct some ultimatum to God or to anyone}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {X is undoubredly right to compare himself to a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93volcano,\u8221\'94 but wrong to go into details.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The poor, by thinking unceasingly of money, reach the point of losing the spiritual advantages of non-possession, thereby sinking as low as the rich}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Although I have swom never to sin against blessed concision, I am still in complicity with words, and if I am seduced by silence I dare not enter it, I merely prowl on its peripheries.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {To go still further than Buddha, to raise oneself above nirvana, to learn to do without it . . . , to be stopped by nothing, not even by the notion of deliverance, regarding it as a mere way-station, an embarrassment, an eclipse}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I pass without stopping at the grave of that critic whose vitriolic remarks I have so often pondered. Nor at the grave of the poet who spent his life dreaming of his uldmate dissolution. Otber names pursue me, alien names linked to a pitiless and pacifying wisdom, to a vision calculated to free the mind from all obsessions, even funereal ones. Nagarjuna, Chandrakiri, Santideva\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 unparalleled swaihbucklers, dialecticians belabored by the obsession of salvation, acrobats and apostles of Vacuity... , for whom, sages among the cages, the universe was only a word.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Augustinus}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was the culmination of controversies regarding grace dating back several decades, and coincided with growing hostility of part of the Roman Catholic clergy towards the Jesuits. Jansen claimed to establish Augustine's true position on the subject, as opposed to the Jesuit view, which was said to give too great a role to free will in salvation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Augustinus}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~provoked lively debates, particularly in France, where five propositions, including the doctrines of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limited_atonement"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 limited atonement}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irresistible_grace"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 irresistible grace}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , were extracted from the work and declared heretical by theologians hostile to Jansen.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jansenism#cite_note-Carraud-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 1]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~These were condemned in 1653 by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_Innocent_X"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Pope Innocent X}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apostolic_constitution"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 apostolic constitution}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cum_occasione"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Cum occasione}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Certain defenders of Jansen responded by distinguishing between matters\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 de jure}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 de facto}{\f0\fs24\b0 , arguing that the propositions were indeed heretical (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 de jure}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), but could not be found in\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Augustinus}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 de facto}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), and thus that the pope could not bind the conscience of a Roman Catholic regarding matters\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 de facto}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 During the fourth and fifth centuries, the Church was experiencing rapid change due to the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constantinian_shift"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Constantinian shift}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to Christianity.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pelagianism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEHarrison201678-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 1]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Many Romans were converting to Christianity, but they did not necessarily follow the faith strictly.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pelagianism#cite_note-FOOTNOTEKirwan1998-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 2]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~As Christians were no longer\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persecution_of_Christians_in_the_Roman_Empire"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 persecuted}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , they faced a new problem: how to avoid backsliding and nominal adherence to the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State_religion"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 state religion}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~while retaining the sense of urgency originally caused by persecution. For many, the solution was adopting\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_asceticism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Christian asceticism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Early Christianity was theologically diverse. While Western Christianity taught that the inevitability of death was the result of the fall of man, a Syrian tradition including the second-century figures Theophilus and Irenaeus asserted that mortality preceded the fall. Around 400, the doctrine of original sin was just emerging in Western Christianity, deriving from the teaching of Cyprian that infants should be baptized for the sin of Adam. Other Christians followed Origen in the belief that infants are born in sin due to their failings in a previous life. Rufinus the Syrian, who came to Rome in 399 as a delegate for Jerome, followed the Syrian tradition, declaring that man had been created mortal and that each human is only punished for his own sin.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Pelagius (c. 355\endash c. 420)[4] was an ascetic layman, probably from the British Isles, who moved to Rome in the early 380s.[5][6] Like Jerome, Pelagius criticized what he saw as an increasing laxity among Christians, instead promoting higher moral standards and asceticism.[4][7][6] He opposed Manicheanism because of its fatalism and determinism[1] and argued for the possibility of a sinless life.[8] Although Pelagius preached the renunciation of earthly wealth,[9] his ideas became popular among parts of the Roman elite.[5][7][1] Historian Peter Brown argued that Pelagianism appealed "to a powerful centrifugal tendency in the aristocracy of Rome\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tendency to scatter, to form a pattern of little groups, each striving to be an elite, each anxious to rise above their neighbours and rivals\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the average upper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8208\'2Dclass residents of Rome."[10] The powerful Roman administrator Paulinus of Nola was close to Pelagius and the Pelagian writer Julian of Eclanum,[11] and the former Roman aristocrat Caelestius was described by Gerald Bonner as "the real apostle of the so-called Pelagian movement".[8] Many of the ideas Pelagius promoted were mainstream in contemporary Christianity, advocated by such figures as John Chrysostom, Athanasius of Alexandria, Jerome, and even the early Augustine.[12][13]}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {At the time, Pelagius' teachings had considerable support among Christians, especially other ascetics.[29] Considerable parts of the Christian world had never heard of Augustine's doctrine of original sin.[27] Eighteen Italian bishops, including Julian of Eclanum, protested against the condemnation of Pelagius and refused to follow Zosimus' Epistola tractoria.[30][27] Many of them later had to seek shelter with the Greek bishops Theodore of Mopsuestia and Nestorius, leading to accusations that Pelagian errors lay beneath the Nestorian controversy over Christology.[31] Both Pelagianism and Nestorianism were condemned at the Council of Ephesus in 431.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Pelagius' teachings on human nature, divine grace, and sin were opposed to those of Augustine, who declared Pelagius "the enemy of the grace of God".[29][18][h] Augustine distilled what he called Pelagianism into three heretical tenets: "to think that God redeems according to some scale of human merit; to imagine that some human beings are actually capable of a sinless life; to suppose that the descendants of the first human beings to sin are themselves born innocent".[30][i] In Augustine's writings, Pelagius is a symbol of humanism who excluded God from human salvation.[18] Pelagianism shaped Augustine's ideas in opposition to his own on free will, grace, and original sin,[68][69][70] and much of The City of God is devoted to countering Pelagian arguments.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {During the modern era, Pelagianism continued to be used as an epithet against orthodox Christians. However, there were also some authors who had essentially Pelagian views according to Nelson's definition.[64] Nelson argued that many of those considered the predecessors to modern liberalism took Pelagian or Pelagian-adjacent positions on the problem of evil.[109] For instance, Leibniz, who coined the word theodicy in 1710, rejected Pelagianism but nevertheless proved to be "a crucial conduit for Pelagian ideas".[110] He argued that "Freedom is deemed necessary in order that man may be deemed guilty and open to punishment."[111] In De doctrina christiana, John Milton argued that "if, because of God's decree, man could not help but fall . . . then God's restoration of fallen man was a matter of justice not grace".[112] Milton also argued for other positions that could be considered Pelagian, such as that "The knowledge and survey of vice, is in this world ... necessary to the constituting of human virtue."[113] Jean-Jacques Rousseau made nearly identical arguments for that point.[113] John Locke argued that the idea that "all Adam's Posterity [are] doomed to Eternal Infinite Punishment, for the Transgression of Adam" was "little consistent with the Justice or Goodness of the Great and Infinite God".[114] He did not accept that original sin corrupted human nature, and argued that man could live a Christian life (although not "void of slips and falls") and be entitled to justification.[111]}
\par\plain {Nelson argues that the drive for rational justification of religion, rather than a symptom of secularization, was actually "a Pelagian response to the theodicy problem" because "the conviction that everything necessary for salvation must be accessible to human reason was yet another inference from God's justice". In Pelagianism, libertarian free will is necessary but not sufficient for God's punishment of humans to be justified, because man must also understand God's commands.[115] As a result, thinkers such as Locke, Rousseau and Immanuel Kant argued that following natural law without revealed religion must be sufficient for the salvation of those who were never exposed to Christianity because, as Locke pointed out, access to revelation is a matter of moral luck.[116] Early modern proto-liberals such as Milton, Locke, Leibniz, and Rousseau advocated religious toleration and freedom of private action (eventually codified as human rights), as only freely chosen actions could merit salvation.[117][k]}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Rawls"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 John Rawls}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was a critic of Pelagianism, an attitude that he retained even after becoming an atheist. His anti-Pelagian ideas influenced his book\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Theory_of_Justice"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A Theory of Justice}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , in which he argued that differences in productivity between humans are a result of "moral arbitrariness" and therefore unequal wealth is undeserved.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pelagianism#cite_note-FOOTNOTENelson201950,_53-132"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 121]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~In contrast, the Pelagian position would be that human sufferings are largely the result of sin and are therefore deserved.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pelagianism#cite_note-FOOTNOTENelson201951-101"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 91]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~According to Nelson, many contemporary\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_liberals"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 social liberals}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~follow Rawls rather than the older liberal-Pelagian tradition.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pelagianism#cite_note-FOOTNOTENelson201949-133"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 122]}}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The conflict between Pelagius and the teachings of Augustine was a constant theme throughout the works of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Burgess"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Anthony Burgess}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , in books including\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Clockwork_Orange_(novel)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A Clockwork Orange}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earthly_Powers"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Earthly Powers}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Vision_of_Battlements"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A Vision of Battlements}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wanting_Seed"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Wanting Seed}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pelagianism#cite_note-134"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 123]}}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }