{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of the ninety-three enlisted men enrolled in Company G, sixty-fivewere farmers, ten laborers, five crpenters, six shoemakers, three clerks, one baker, one miller, one tinner, and one professional soldier.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baltimore - one hot-headed fellow jumped on board the officers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 car and demanded to see their colors, cursing unionists and swearing vengeance. Lieutenant somers, stirred by righteous indignation, ststruck him a heavy blow in the face and knocked him headlong from the car. A crowd gathered, swords and pistols flashed in the gaslight, epithets were exchanged, and there the matter ended.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yesterday our first lietenatn was drilling a squad of men. He was giving all his attention to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91time\u8217\'92, and did not notice a fence had planted itself directly across our path. Suddenly he shouted: \u8220\'93who\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who! Come this way you fellows in front\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t you see you are running into that fence?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was nearly midnight. We had made a rapid march of several miles, and were tired, and hungry aswolves. Hardly had we stacked arms when lieutenant Rath inquired: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s John Conley?\u8221\'94 Johncould not be found; he was already off on an expidition of his own. \u8220\'93Well then,\u8221\'94 Said Rath,\u8221\'94 send me the next best thief; I want a chicken for my supper\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wwe had an inkling that a mass meeting was to be held on that eminence to discuss the pros and cons of secession and that we the seventeenthhad received a pressing invitation to be present.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eli sears, the best, the most universally beloved of the regiment, is dead. He died the second day after the battle. A rifle ball, early in the engagement ,struck him in the left breast and passed entirely through him. When I saw him he was so low he could only speak in whispers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our route lay over the elk ridge mountain, about six miles winding up its steep, rocky sides, the remaining half down the opposite side, the midday sun pouring his fierce rays against its rocky suface making the heat well-nigh unbearable. There was not even a whispering breeze to cool our throbbing brows. Two men of our brigade melted down and died, while hundreds fell out by the way and came straggling into camp next morning. The movement was foolishly conducted on the principle of a forced march when there was no call for haste. I was quite lame at the time, having cut a deep gash in my heel a few days before, which compelled me to walk on the toe of that foot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P.22}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It had rained or snowed almost continuously; we were out of reach of our supply train for seven days. Food gave out, but on we pressed. When we halted on the evening of our arrival, too utterly worn out to ptich a tent, I spread my blanket on the ground, threw myself upon it and slept the sleep of exhaustion. It rained during the night, and when I awoke I found myself lying in a pool of water that half covered me. My recollection of what occurred for several succesive days is very vague; I knew I was being cared for by sombody, somewhere; I had no cares, no anxious doubts or perplexing fears. If in pain, I had not sense to realize it. One morning after, I do not know how many days, I awoke to consciousness; I heard a wellremembered step tripping across the floor and stop ad my bedside, a soft, cool hand was pressed upon my brow; a sweet familiar voice whispered in my ear; you are better dear; you will get well now.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P. 39}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We have lost our favorite commander, brigadier general poe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We had a riffle of excitement yesterday in camp. Early in the morning the eighteenth and twenty-second Michigan regiments were ordered to leave for murfreesboro, tennesee. The officers of these regiments, in common with others, have employed negroes as servants. Kentucky is violently opposed to the president\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s emancipation procloamation. Here was a fine opportunity for a kentucky general to show the abolitionists that his state was not included in that pronunciamento. As the eighteenth was about to board the cars, general manson, commander of this post, ordered htem too halt and deliver up all negroes in the regiment. Upon inquiry it was found that all, except one, were kentucky negroes, and were given up. This did not satisfy; he must have the free negro as well. The sixteenth kentucky infantry and the twelfth kentucky cavalry are doing post duty here. These general manson ordered to form in line of battle, and again demanded the surrender of the negro. But michigan was not to be intimidated. Colonel doolittle resoltely refused, formed his men for battle with loaded guns and fixed bayonets, and defiantly bade the kentuckian to \u8216\'91come and take him\u8217\'92. Not caring to attack with only two to one, general manson sent for the seventy-ninth new york to come and help him but the gallant colonel of that regiment replied; \u8220\'93I am not fighting michigan men.\u8221\'94 In the meantime general burnside had been  telegraphed for orders. He replied: \u8220\'93I have nothing to do with it.\u8221\'94 Colonel doolittle then telegraphed the war department, and is now awaiting orders. The eighteenth lay with their arms beside them all last night, apprehensive of an attack. They kept the negro.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At dubuque, too, the water is clear as crystal; from st louis down it is the color of chocolate. The banks of the river are uninhabited and uninhabitable most of the way. Every spring and fall they overflow from ten to thirty miles, and then this mighty mass of water will not be confined. The river channel is constantly changing. The light, loose soil of the valley cannot withstande the tremendous power of the resistless flods that are hurled from the north upon its yielding bosom. This is one cause of disaster. The sand bars change so often it is impoissbile to keep track of them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the boys killed a huge rattlesnake just a few feet from where I am writing}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was a hard day for  the men and horses, owing to the scarcity of water and heat. A number of men died of sunstroke, and twenty-five horses were found dead. Not a man of the seventeenth has died, although several were compelled to fall out. As for myself, I marched near the head of the regiment all day, and was ready for a like excursion the next morning. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I see by the papers there is much talk of the rebels carrying the war into the north. Well, let them go. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whom the gods would destroy they first make mad.\u8221\'94 I am not sure but it is the only thing that can unite the north; certainly it will hasten the downfall of the confederacy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where are those Union Leagues, who were going to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91unite the loyal people of the North and subdue Copperheads?\u8221\'94 where are those patriots who could not leave their business to go to the war, but would \u8220\'93take care of the Rebels at home?\u8221\'94 But a little cool reflection banishes such thoughts. I have to act only for myself, and answer only to my own conscience.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We have steadily gained ground from the first. The series of reverses that attended our arms the first year of the war has forced our government to accept the inevitable, seemingly against its will. I do not forget the violent opposition to the emancipation and confiscation acts, passed by congress in december 1861, by northern men of undoubted loyalty, nor the president\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s timid recommendations in his inaugural address to that congress. I remember well that reverses and disasters attended all our efforts until the government was compelled, as by an overrulling providence, to free the slaves of rebels, which includes them all; and that from the moment these measures became the fixed policy of the government, reverses ceased. It is not the issue of a battle or campaign that gives me hope, but the success that have attended our arms all through the month of July were attended by such peculiar circumstances as to force upon me the conviction, \u8220\'93There IS a destiny that shapes our ends, rough hew them as we will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have seen a crowd of soldiers gther around an unsuspecting victim, a few shrewd, witty fellows attact his attention while others pass out to their accomplices melons, peaches, tomatoes and vegetables, and when the poor fellow discovers the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93game\u8221\'94 and gathers up his \u8220\'93ropes\u8221\'94 to drive away, the harness fall to the ground in a dozen pieces, the unguided mule walks off amazed, the cart performs a somersault and the poor peddler picks himself up and gazes on the wreck in silent grief. At sight of his helpless  misery hte wrethces seemingly relent; with indignant tones they swear vengeance on the \u8220\'93man who did it\u8221\'94\u8217\'92 help him gather up his wares while he secures his mule. Thisis soon done, for his stock has grown small and beautifull less. He smothers his rage from prudential motives, throws the toggle on his mule and prepares to depart. Alas, the millennium has not yet come. His cart wheels, refusing to perform their accustomed revolutions, start off in opposite directions, while the air is rent by the screams and derisive yells of his tormentors. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were free to talk, and a more ignorant lot of semi-savages I never met. We could not convince them that vicksburg or port hudson were in our possession. They were very \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91frank,\u8217\'92 and indulged freely in epithets and pet names.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I will lie me down to rest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Gap is a slow, gradual ascent that rises to about half the altitutde of the mountain on eachth 18 side; its very crooked, and, at places, barely wide enough for a wagon to pass. At the summit it widens out into a small plain, or basin, containing about five acres, and shut in by a solid wall of rock two or three hundred feet in height. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sep. 25 1863}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thse are glorious days for the people of knoxville. They tell me the day of their deliverance has come at last. The story of their sufferings has been but feebly told. Even a brownlow cannot do it justice. Hundreds of citizens followed us to their homes, from which they had been driven a year or more ago. They are flocking in by fifties and by hundreds and are organizing for their own defense. We have given them the opportunity, and they are eager to embrace it. One lady told me it was with difficulty she could repress a shout of joy as she saw our blue coats filing down the streets. Loyalty here is pure and unalloyed, as proven by the sacrifices they have made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We are objects of much curisity. An old gentleman a preacher, walked six miles to see us. We were th efirst northn men he ever saw. He said he could not express his gratitude to us for their timely deliverance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Burnside - he owes something to the ninth army corps. Those stars upon his epaulets that shine so brightly, and which he wears so jauntily, were won for him by the ninth army corps. General burnside is truly a noble man.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ball passed through both cheeks, nearly cutting off the tongue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our rations touch the starvation limit, and still the song and jest goes round. Not a murmur, not a word of complaint. We simply gird up our loins a little tighter. Our fare now is one-fourth pound per man of a mixture made up of coars black flour, bran and unbolted corn meal; beef in proportion; not half as much as a man would eat, even of that vile stuff, at one meal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg.130}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Knoxville 1863-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We have passed through a terrible ordeal. Twenty days and nights under fire. Twenty days with death or surrender staring us in the face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and surrender meant Andersonville, a fate worse than death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That man with black whiskers handles me though I am made of wood.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 I turn him gently over, adjust his bed and pillow, moisten his hot, feverish brow, and give him a sup of cool water. \u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is not a desireable place for convalescents.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Knoxville - 1864}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Parson Brownlow has returned to his home. He continues to breathe out threatenings and denunciations against his secession brethren. I have not seen him, but, judging by his writings, I do not like the man. There is too much savage ferocity in his writings for an enlightened christian. He is a man of great influence here,  and I thank god it is exerted on the side of the union.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bridgea new one was coated with tar, that it might be destroyed at a moments notice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg 146-147, touching descriptions of patients.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bones can be made into soup.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Off my feed. Overworked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 March 13th 1864}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P.158}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  our hero\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s regiment is moving out, but can\u8217\'92t bring all their wounded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dr. Bonine then called for ten volunteers; men whom he could trust; who would not desert him in the hour of trial. I was one of the ten. Everything being arranged, the train and its escort moved forward and left us to our fate. There was no sleep for us that night. Each nurse was assigned a tent filled with wounded men, who required constant care. We expected the rebels to appear early in the morning. I had but little preparation to make; nothing but to conceal the few greenbacks I possessed by sewing them under the lining of my clothing, and to destroy a few mementoes that I would not have fall into other hands. Among other things were a few old letters, crumpled and worn, but very precious to me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The morning of the eighth of may dawned bright and beautiful. Ten o\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92clock came, and with it the rebels. But, thank god, they are not gureillas, but a regiment of stewart\u8217\'92s cavalry, commanded by general chambers. They file around us. A major visits every tent, takes the name, regiment and description of every man\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an officer follows and administers an oath by which we bind ourselves to not take up arms for, or assist or aid, the governmetn of the united states in its war with the confederacy untily duly exchanged, and we are paroled \u8216\'91prisoners of war\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We were treated with the utmost courtesy by officers and men. In the afternoon of the same day we beheld with joy a train of ambulances coming in, under a flag of truce, to our relief. We reached fredericksburg about 10 o\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92clock that night. None but the wounded and their atttendants were paroled. About one hundred stragglers were marched off to enjoy the hospitatlites of a southern prison. We are awaiting transportation to parole camp at annapolis. How soon we go I cannot tell. I hope we may be exchanged soon. .it annoys me exceedingly to be a prisoner, even within our own lines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 10 days later}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85what to do with us no one could decide. The general opinion among the officers was that our parole was worthless. I decided at once to report to my regiment, where I felt sure of getting advice. Accordingly eight of us started at 7 o\u8217\'92clock in the morning and reached division hospital\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fourteen miles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at noon. Dr. Bevere was there, and expressed great pleasure at seeing us. I told him my situation and intention to rejoin my regiment. He requested me to remain while he made inquiries. A consultation was held by the surgeons, and not knowing what ot do with us, they concluded to send us to washington with a train of wounded about to start. While they were taking our names, general burnside appeared. The preplexing question was at once referred to him. His decision was prompt and inequivocal: \u8220\'93Their parole is good and must be respected. Send every man back to fredericksburg.\u8221\'94 At 5 p.m. we were making our way, through rain and mud, back to the rear. The next day about twenty of us reported to the provost marshal for transportation to annapolis. Tranpsortaiotn was out of the qustion at present, but we were assigned to very comfortable quarters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All went smoothly for us for a day or two, and we hardly knew that we were prsioners. Soon a change came over our keepers. The day before yesterday \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  may 16th\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  we were summoned to appear before the provost marshal. He told the men\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  I was absent at the time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  that our parole was not legal; there was muc hduty to be done, and we must help to do it; that guns would be  furnished us, and we swould be rquired to do guard duty; that every man who refused would be placed under guard on short raitions, which meant hardtack and water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg.172 - they refused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I willnot take a gun, let the consequence be what they mau.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Act well your part\u8221\'94 is my adopted motto}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A burned child dreads the fire\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I received a bundle of northern papers today. The tribune thinks the rebels and their northern allies will exert themselves to prolong the  war until after the next election. I fully agree with it, and think it better for the cause of freedom that they do so. Every day the war continues is another guaranty of the downfallof slavery. The time is not far distant when every northern man will become an abolitionist. Look a the Woods, the Brookses, the New York Herald, the New York World and all the leading pro-slavery men and journals of the north. Already tare they trying to disengage themselves from the fetid carcass of their dead ally. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God bless my patient persevering boy. May he be kept from deception and craft, his lips from guile.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 An honor system was set up where each side would take care of housing its own soldiers who had been designated as being on parole, meaning they would not fight in combat unless they were formally exchanged. The Confederates did not set up parole camps; they let their men go home and expected them to return to duty once officially exchanged. Parole camps were set up by the Union Army for its own soldiers who had been captured by the Confederacy, and then released on the condition that they would honor the terms and conditions of their parole.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parole_camp#cite_note-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In 1862, a parole camp was established in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annapolis,_Maryland"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Annapolis, Maryland}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , on the grounds of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._John%27s_College_(Annapolis/Santa_Fe)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 St. John's College}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parole_camp#cite_note-ANC-3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~But this camp soon ran out of space, so two more were soon built in the local area. One was located in nearby\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parole,_Maryland"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Parole, Maryland}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , which is how the town got its name.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parole_camp#cite_note-ANC-3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parole_camp#cite_note-4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 4]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The resulting influx of soldiers changed the nature of the town, since the soldiers were free to visit the local area as much as they might wish.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parole_camp#cite_note-book1-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Many soldiers disliked the camp and described it as dirty in their letters home. There were some occasional problems with disorderly conduct by some of the soldiers who were sent there.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parole_camp#cite_note-book1-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There was a short-lived parole camp in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Chester,_Pennsylvania"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 West Chester, Pennsylvania}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , known as Camp Elder.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parole_camp#cite_note-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~One paroled soldier, Warren H. Freeman, wrote to his father and said that the parolees in the camp were being guarded by inexperienced members of the Pennsylvania militia, all of whom were fairly lenient in their guard duties, presumably because they were guarding members of their own army}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I see by the papers that secretary chase has resigned. Mr chase is a politician, and is ambitious; he has worked three years, with all his mighty intellect, for the presidency. In this he failed; he withdraws from the cabinet to further his own schemes. I may judge him harshly, but I can not forget fremont.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 come the sixth Chief Justice of the United States, radical Republicans1 could not withhold their joy. "Surely," one wrote, "God has spared the life of the late Chief Justice until the fulness of time. His hand we now see. . ."2 John Stevens of New York enthused that the ap- pointment was "the greatest civil war victory won . . . during Mr. Lincoln's administration."3 "The pulses of the nation beat a joyful accord and freedom's altar fires rekindle with illimitable blaze" at the appointment, according to Alabama's very radical federal district judge.4 Others were not so pleased. Crusty old Gideon Welles, Lincoln's Secretary of the Navy, had growled that Chase as an appointee was inpossible,"5 and Thomas Ewing of Ohio described the nominee as "knavish, dishonest and corrupt."6 Within Lincoln's own office one of his secretaries thought that when Chase had left his post as Secretary of the Treasury, he had been "relegated to private life, where he belonged, and where he should have remained." 7 That feelings ran to abnormal extremes at his appointment was only normal in Chase's life. Few were indifferent about Salmon P. Chase. Indeed, this man whom Lincoln now elevated had been in effect fired by the President as Secretary of the Treasury only the preceding June, after leading the Treasury through the bulk of the agonizing task of financing the greatest war-bill ever presented to that time. Chase had become an intolerable political burden to President Lincoln. Especially was this true in regard to certain treasury posts which the President needed for patronage purposes in the coming election. This was most touchy in the lucrative New York Custom House and Treasury Office, from which the friends of Secretary of State William H. Seward and New York Republican Leader, Thurlow Weed, were excluded. Lincoln needed New York support at the Republican National Convention. Chase refused to cooperate. In June, 1864, he needlessly gave Lincoln the opportunity the President wanted. After a compromise settlement satisfactory to Chase had been reached in a dispute over an important post in the New York Treasury Office, Chase petulantly appended another of his long series of resignations to a letter that at least temporarily closed the affair. Lincoln hastily accepted. Chase suddenly and most unexpectedly found himself out in the political arctic waste. To many Republican "moderates," his removal was a Godsend. To Republican "radicals," it was yet another stab in their backs by a perfidious President. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Ironically, the deep antipathy which developed within the Radicals toward Lincoln probably had no little to do with Chase's appointment as Chief Justice. Shortly after Chase's unexpected departure from the Treasury had seemingly struck at the radical faction, the President had vetoed the Wade-Davis Reconstruction Bill. . In attempting to steer a middle course between the radicals and moderates in the Republican Party, Lincoln had been increasingly at odds with Chase's radical friends. His generous amnesty proclamation of December 8, 1863 had probably stimulated the boomlet for Chase as an alternative Republican candidate for President. The Chase movement first gained substance at a meeting on December 9.8 The feeling against the President ran so deep that certain radicals proposed to run General John C. Fremont as a third candidate in 1864, hoping to force Lincoln oui of the race. This movement did not die until the early fall. One of the uses the President made of the empty Chief Justice's chair was to keep Chase and his friends "honest" about the election. In addition, before Taney at last expired,9 Lincoln had repeatedly assured leading supporters of Chase that when the  vacancy came, Chase would come to the Court.10 To have reneged on his promise would scarcely have pleased the radical Republicans, and could have made matters impossibly dv    ifficult for him in his second administration. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}