{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The\~}{\f1\fs24\b1\i1 Tanya}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hebrew_language"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hebrew}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 :\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u1514\'3F\u1504\'3F\u1497\'3F\u1488\'3F) is an early work of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hasidic_philosophy"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hasidic philosophy}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , by Rabbi\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shneur_Zalman_of_Liadi"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shneur Zalman of Liadi}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the founder of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chabad"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chabad}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Hasidism, first published in 1796. Its formal title is\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Likkutei Amarim}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u1500\'3F\u1497\'3F\u1511\'3F\u1493\'3F\u1496\'3F\u1497\'3F \u1488\'3F\u1502\'3F\u1512\'3F\u1497\'3F\u1501\'3F\u8206\'3F,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hebrew_language"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hebrew}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , "collection of statements"), but is more commonly known by its first Hebrew word\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 tanya}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , which means "it has been taught", where he refers to a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baraita"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 baraita}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~section in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niddah_(Talmud)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Niddah"}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , at the end of chapter 3, 30b. Tanya is composed of five sections that define Hasidic mystical psychology and theology as a handbook for daily spiritual life in Jewish observance. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Chabad}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , also known as\~}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Lubavitch}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Habad}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Chabad-Lubavitch}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chabad#cite_note-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hebrew_language"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hebrew}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 :\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u1495\'3F\u1489\'3F"\u1491\'3F \u1500\'3F\u1493\'3F\u1489\'3F\u1489\'3F\u1497\'3F\u1509\'3F';\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yiddish_language"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yiddish}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 :\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u1495\'3F\u1489\'3F\u1524\'3F\u1491\'3F \u1500\'3F\u1497\'3F\u1493\'3F\u1489\'3F\u1493\'3F\u1493\'3F\u1497\'3F\u1496\'3F\u1513\'3F), is an\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orthodox_Judaism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orthodox Jewish}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Hasidic_dynasties"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hasidic dynasty}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 2}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've seen it explained as follows (in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://books.google.com/books?ei=PHs_TsYqjrm2B537rfUM&ct=result&id=oMluAAAAMAAJ&dq=wisdom%20understanding%20knowledge%20boteach"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wisdom, understanding, and knowledge: basic concepts of hasidic thought}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nefesh - Every creating thing in the world has a Nefesh, the G-dly force that gives it life. Inanimate objects (such as rocks) have only this. (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://books.google.com/books?ei=PHs_TsYqjrm2B537rfUM&ct=result&id=oMluAAAAMAAJ&dq=wisdom%20understanding%20knowledge%20boteach&q=nefesh#search_anchor"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 see here}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 )}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ruach - Every living thing has a Ruach as well, the life-giving force that animates the living thing. (see\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://books.google.com/books?ei=PHs_TsYqjrm2B537rfUM&ct=result&id=oMluAAAAMAAJ&dq=wisdom%20understanding%20knowledge%20boteach&q=ruah#search_anchor"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 here}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 )}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neshamah - Referred to in Tanya as "an actual part of G-d". This is only found in the Jew. (see\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://books.google.com/books?ei=PHs_TsYqjrm2B537rfUM&ct=result&id=oMluAAAAMAAJ&dq=wisdom%20understanding%20knowledge%20boteach&q=neshamah#search_anchor"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 here}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 )}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Note: I've linked to the snippets view of google books searches. This is not ideal. If anyone knows of a better online source that says the same thing, please let me know.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Maharsha in his\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://hebrewbooks.org/pdfpager.aspx?req=37952&pgnum=266"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chidushe Aggadot (Berachot 3A, d"h\~{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 "Mishmorah Rishonah Chamor"}}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) says almost the exact same thing. He says that there are 3 parts of the soul of man which are called "The Natural", "The Life", and "The Intellect". He says that Kabbalists call them the "Nefesh", "Ruach", and "Neshamah". See there for a little more elaboration.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line See\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.yutorah.org/lectures/lecture.cfm/744571/Rabbi_Hanan_Balk/The_Soul_of_a_Jew,_the_Soul_of_a_Non-Jew%3a__Two_Views"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The Soul of a Jew, the Soul of a Non-Jew: Two Views "}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (mp3) by Rabbi Chanan Balk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tanya posits that all humans possess a\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 nefesh bahamit}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~("animalistic soul") whereas only Jews possess a\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 nefesh elokit}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~("G-dly soul"), whatever that means. But there are other opinions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rabbi Balk consulted several major rabbis, all of them affiliated with the Beth Din of America, regarding the question: "do Jews have entirely different souls than non-Jews?"}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One rabbi replied: "of course, what's the question?"}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another replied: "Of course not, what are you talking about?"}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A third replied: "Believe it if you like, not if you don't; it's not one of Maimonides' Thirteen Fundamentals."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't think there is a conflict. Each human has a\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 neshama}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , however, Jews have two\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 neshamot}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~- one that all the nations have, and an extra one that only Jews have. Additionally, there is a third\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 neshama}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~that only Jews Receive on shabbat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is support for your idea in a Zohar Chadash (Margaliyot Hayam on Sanhedrin 105a in note 16 quotes it) that people who discuss the Kabalistic view tend to overlook. The gist of the Zohar is that it is not that important where you came from, because if you do teshuva by believing in one G-d and becoming moral (i.e. The 7 mitzvoth), your soul transforms. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.hakirah.org/Vol%2016%20Balk.pdf"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.hakirah.org/Vol%2016%20Balk.pdf}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Introduction: The Soul of a Jew is Superior to that of a Non-Jew The view expressed in the above heading\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as uncomfortable and racially charged as it may be in the minds of some\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was undoubtedly, as we shall show, the prominent position maintained by authorities of Jewish thought throughout the ages, and continues to be so even today. While Jewish mysticism is the source and primary expositor of this theory, it has achieved a ubiquitous presence not only in the writings of Kabbalists,2 but also in the works of thinkers found in the libraries of most observant Jews, who hardly consider themselves followers of Kabbalah. Clearly, for one committed to the Torah and its principles, it is not tenable to presume that so long as he is not a Kabbalist, such a belief need not be a part of his religious worldview. Is there an alternative view that is an equally authentic representation of Jewish thought on the subject? In response to this question, we will }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Additional comments in the Zohar Ha-H\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u803\'3Fadash establish that those who fulfill the Torah\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Jewish people\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 will live forever with God, while those who do not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the nonJewish nations\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 will decay with the animals.8 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 R. Moshe H\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u803\'3Fayyim Luzzatto, also known as Ramh\u803\'3Fal, writes that \u8220\'93While a Jew and a non-Jew appear exactly alike in terms of their human characteristics, from the Torah\u8217\'92s perspective, they are so greatly different as to be considered a completely different species.\u8221\'9415 Furthermore, despite the well-known Talmudic dictum that \u8220\'93The righteous of all nations have a place in the World to Come,\u8221\'9416 he comments: Only Israel will be found there, while the righteous of the nations will be given their reality only by virtue of their attachment to them. They will be subordinate to Israel as clothes are subordinate to the body. In this way they will acquire whatever good is due to them, but they are unable to acquire anything whatsoever beyond this.17 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obviously, the Rebbe believed in the Talmudic dictum that the righteous of all nations are awarded a place in the World to Come. He maintained, however, that their reward, warranted by exemplary behavior on some level, does not indicate that the essential nature of their souls is in any way akin to the lofty souls of Jews. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Rebbe further clarified his position in a discussion with Hillel students, during which he was directly asked if a non-Jew has a spark of God in him, just as a Jew does. He answered: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A non-Jew and every created thing does have a Divine spark, but it is not the same kin m d of Divine spark that a Jew has.\u8221\'9420 In other words, the Divine spark of a non-Jew is similar to that which exists within any animal, plant, or inanimate object. This is the same hierarchical theory of souls found in the Tanya. The Rebbe chose not to be apologetic and to express the true meaning of the doctrine. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The implications of this stance can be seen in the Rebbe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s explanation of the famous Talmudic statement that one who converts is considered to be like a newborn baby.21 At first glance, this indicates that a non-Jew becomes a Jew when he is endowed with a completely new soul, a Jewish soul. The Rebbe notes, however, that the Talmudic statement literally reads: \u8220\'93A convert who converted (ger sh\u8217\'92nitgayer) is considered to be like a newborn baby.\u8221\'94 A person who comes to convert, the Rebbe explains, is led to that decision because he already possesses a Jewish soul, which happened to mistakenly find its way into a non-Jewish body. In accordance with the Talmudic view that all Jews, including future converts, took part in the Revelation at Sinai,22 the convert seeks not to acquire something new, but to recover what was actually his all along.23 Accordingly, the only reason a non-Jew can convert to the Jewish faith is because he was essentially never a non-Jew in the first place!24 If a person\u8217\'92s soul truly emanated from an inferior substance, as the Zohar describes non-Jewish souls, such a situation could never be rectified; he could never convert to Judaism }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first Chief Rabbi of Palestine  - 1865-1935}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The difference between the Jewish soul, its self, its inner desires, its overflow, its character, its standing, and that of all the nations, at all their levels, is greater and deeper than the difference between the human soul and the soul of an animal. Between the latter, there is merely a quantitative distinction; between the former, an essential qualitative distinction pertains.2 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The highest state of love of creatures should be allotted to the love of mankind, and it must extend to all of mankind, despite all variations of religions, opinions, and faiths, and despite all distinctions of race and climate. It is right to get to the bottom of the views of different peoples and groups, to learn, as much as possible, their characters and qualities, in order to know how to base love of humanity on foundations that approach action. For only upon a soul rich in love for creatures and love of man can the love of the nation raise itself up in its full nobility and spiritual and natural greatness. The narrowness that causes one to see whatever is outside the border of the special nation, even outside the border of Israel, as ugly and defiled, is a terrible darkness that brings general destruction upon all building of spiritual good, for the light of which every refined soul hopes.29 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 R. Yoh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u803\'3Fanan ben Zakkai said to his students: \u8220\'93My children, what is the meaning of the verse (Prov. 14:34): \u8216\'91Charity elevates a nation and the loving kindness of the nations is a sin (h\u803\'3Fatat)?\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 R. Eliezer answered: \u8220\'93\u8217\'92Charity elevates a nation\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this is Israel, as the verse states (Sam. II 7:23): \u8216\'91And who is like Your nation Israel, a unique nation on earth.\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91And the loving kindness of the nations is a sin\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all of the charity and loving kindness that the nations perform is a sin for them, for they do so only to aggrandize themselves\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 [The Talmud now questions the implication of these statements]: And if a person does [give charity with the intent of fulfilling his own needs rather than purely for the sake of Heaven], is it not completely acceptable as charity? But it is taught in a b\u8217\'92raita: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his commentary on Proverbs, ibn Ezra cites the view of R. Yoh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u803\'3Fanan ben Zakkai as the correct and authoritative interpretation, suggesting no distinction of one soul from another. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the nations give charity, those nations will be elevated\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 and when they do acts of loving kindness, not only will they be elevated, but it will also be sinful for the Jewish People, for their merit will thereby be lacking. And the Holy One, blessed be He, must pay their reward in this world\u8230\'85 and the reward of a mitzvah is great.38 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The view of R. Neh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u803\'3Funya ben ha-Kanah in the midrash is this: \u8220\'93\u8216\'91Charity elevates a nation\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this is Israel; \u8216\'91and the loving kindness of the nations is a sin\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the loving kindness that the nations do is a sin for Israel.\u8221\'943 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maimonides consistently emphasizes that all human beings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Jew and non-Jew alike\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 have the ability to come close to God through their service of Him. The measure of a man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s soul is a function of his intellectual comprehension of Divinity (and the proper translation of that level of comprehension into sanctified actions): The soul of all flesh is the form that God gave him, and the greater knowledge that is found in the soul of man is the form of man who is complete in his intellect. Regarding this form, the Torah states\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \u8220\'93Let us make man in our form and in our likeness\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is, that he should possess the form that comprehends ideas.41 The intellect, which overflowed from Him, may He be exalted, toward us, is the bond between us and Him.42 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 n. The matter is not such. Rather, every man can be righteous like Moses our teacher or evil like Yerabam\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'8544 This concept is a great principle and a pillar of the Torah and the Commandment.45 Maimonides emphasizes that the fundamental of free-will applies to all human beings and that every human being can achieve the highest possible rank in the realm of spirituality. It should be evident that Kabbalists\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who are of the opinion that a non-Jew cannot carry out acts for the sake of Heaven, due to his possession of an inferior soul to that of a Jew\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  cannot possibly entertain the thought that such an individual could achieve the spiritual level of Moses.4 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the Epistle to Yemen, Maimonides leaves no doubt to his position, by listing the non-Jewish prophets who are to be rejected and those who are to be accepted: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But we will believe in a prophet or reject him due to his prophecy, not his lineage.\u8221\'94 As a proof-text, he refers to the Book of Job, citing the prophets Job, Tzofar, Bildad, Elifaz, and Elihu, \u8220\'93who are all prophets to us,\u8221\'94 despite the fact that they were, in his opinion, not Jewish.52 He later comments with regard to the proof that is necessary to identify a prophet: \u8220\'93Should a Jewish or gentile prophet urge and encourage people to follow the religion of Moses, without adding to it or subtracting from it, like Isaiah, Jeremiah, and the others, we require a miracle from him.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Maimonides writes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is the way of man to be drawn in his opinions and his actions after his neighbors and friends, behaving in the way of the people of his country.\u8221\'9456 It is the upbringing of an individual that determines his values, not a genetic component of his being. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And not only the tribe of Levi, but every single person (kol ish v\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ish) from all inhabitants of the world (me-kol ba\u8217\'92ei ha-olam) whose spirit guides him and whose intellect leads him to understand, to separate himself and to stand before God, to serve Him and worship Him, to know God and walk straight as God created him, and who removes from his neck the many calculations that men have sought\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he is sanctified with the greatest holiness (\u8220\'93Holy of Holies\u8221\'94) and God will be his portion and inheritance forever and ever.58 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The language that Maimonides employs to make this point is both intentional and dramatic. Not only does he describe the possibility of any person reaching God through a religious experience, he further identifies such a person as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kodesh Kodashim,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Holy of Holies.\u8221\'94 This terminology normatively identifies the holiest place in Jewish tradition, located in a part of the Temple that no one could enter save the High Priest, and even he, only one day a year, on Yom Kippur }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . To be sure, we acknowledged from the outset that Maimonides believes that the Jew is more prepared to reach such spiritual heights due to his acceptance of the Torah\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but such advantages occur through the choices of the Jewish individual and are not an essential and predisposed component of his physical or spiritual being.8 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.yutorah.org/lectures/744571"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.yutorah.org/lectures/744571}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is no good whatsoever in the souls of non-jews- thinks this is an understatement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Judaism is the result of natural human development. There is no such thing as divine intervention; Judaism is an evolving religious civilization;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zionism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zionism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aliyah"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 aliyah}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(immigration to Israel) are encouraged; Reconstructionist Judaism is based on a democratic community where the laity can make decisions, not just rabbis; The Torah was not inspired by God; it only comes from the social and historical development of Jewish people; The classical view of God is rejected. God is redefined as the sum of natural powers or processes that allows mankind to gain self-fulfillment and moral improvement; The idea that God chose the Jewish people for any purpose, in any way, is "morally untenable", because anyone who has such beliefs "implies the superiority of the elect community and the rejection of others." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Waldensians threat to catholic economic power}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Was the jewish conception of the soul ever mentioned in christian thinkers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://jnjr.div.ed.ac.uk/primary-sources/medieval/theories-of-soul-in-medieval-jewish-thought"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://jnjr.div.ed.ac.uk/primary-sources/medieval/theories-of-soul-in-medieval-jewish-thought}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In 2006, the academic David Novak wrote, with limited exceptions, "The\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bible"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bible}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~can be seen as one long discussion of what differentiates Israel from all the other peoples of the world. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Any individual who is not a Jew, erasing all ethnic and social differences among different others."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentile#cite_note-Zvi-10"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some Tannaim show a positive attitude towards the gentiles.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joshua_ben_Hananiah"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Joshua ben Hananiah}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~believed that there are righteous men amongst the gentiles who will enter the world to come. He believed that except for the descendants of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amalek"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaleks}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the rest of the gentiles will adopt\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monotheism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 monotheism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and the righteous among them will escape\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gehenna"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gehenna}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentile"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentile}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 #:~:text=the%20Torah%20teaches.-,In%20Kabbalah,to%20instincts%20and%20bodily%20cravings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Other rabbinical writings show more hostility towards gentiles which needs to be understood in the context of frequent persecution of the Jews in this period. The most famous and extreme of the anti-gentile teachers is\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simeon_bar_Yochai"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Simeon bar Yochai}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . He is often quoted by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antisemites"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 antisemites{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 13]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~in his sayings: "The best among the Gentiles deserves to be killed", "The most pious woman is addicted to sorcery" and "The best of snakes ought to have its head crushed".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentile#cite_note-jewishencyclopedia.com-13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 13]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Such extreme views can be explained if not justified by the sage's life experience: he witnessed his teacher being tortured to death,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentile#cite_note-Schwarz2008-14"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 14]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and became a fugitive after speaking out against Roman oppression. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rav_Ashi"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rav Ashi}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~believed that a Jew who sells a gentile property adjacent to a Jewish property should be\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herem_(censure)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 excommunicated}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The violation of Jewish women by gentile men was so frequent that the rabbis declared that a woman raped by a gentile should not be divorced from her husband, as Torah says: "The Torah outlawed the issue of a gentile as that of a beast."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentile#cite_note-jewishencyclopedia.com-13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 13]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~A gentile midwife was not to be employed for fear of the poisoning of the baby. The gentiles should be dealt with caution in cases of using them as witness in a criminal or civil suit. The gentile does not honor his promises like that of a Jew. The laws of the Torah were not to be revealed to the gentiles, for the knowledge of these laws might give gentiles an advantage in dealing with Jews.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shimon_ben_Lakish"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shimon ben Lakish}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~wrote that "A gentile who observes Sabbath deserves death".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentile#cite_note-jewishencyclopedia.com-13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 13]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is no escaping the facts: the Torah of Israel makes a clear distinction between a Jew, who is defined as "Man," and a Gentile. This distinction is expressed in a long list of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halakha"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Halachic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~laws, be they monetary laws, the laws of the Temple, capital laws or others. Even one who is not an erudite Torah scholar is obligated to recognize this simple fact; it cannot be erased or obscured ... One who carefully studies the sources cited previously will realize the abysmal difference between the concepts "Jew" and "Gentile" -- and consequently, he will understand why Halacha differentiates between them }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Similar anti-gentile remarks have been expressed by the late chief Sephardi Rabbi\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ovadia_Yosef"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ovadia Yosef}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , in which he stated in a sermon in 2010 that "The sole purpose of Gentiles is to serve Jews". }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said that gentiles served a divine purpose: "Why are Gentiles needed? They will work, they will plow, they will reap. We will sit like an effendi and eat. That is why Gentiles were created.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentile#cite_note-19"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 19]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~These remarks by Yosef were sharply criticized by many Jewish organizations such as the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-Defamation_League"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anti-Defamation League}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(ADL) and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Jewish_Committee"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 American Jewish Committee}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentile#cite_note-20"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 20]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jewish philosopher and professor\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Menachem_Kellner"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Menachem Kellner}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~criticizes the assumption of some Orthodox Jews that there is an "ontological divide between Jews and Gentiles", which he believes is contrary to what the Torah teaches.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentile#cite_note-21"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 21]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.haaretz.com/jewish/2022-05-03/ty-article/.premium/nearly-one-in-four-jews-will-be-ultra-orthodox-by-2040-new-study-says/00000180-98a2-dab4-a187-9babda7e0000"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.haaretz.com/jewish/2022-05-03/ty-article/.premium/nearly-one-in-four-jews-will-be-ultra-orthodox-by-2040-new-study-says/00000180-98a2-dab4-a187-9babda7e0000}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.washingtonpost.com/religion/2021/05/11/orthodox-jews-poll-secular-trump-republican"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.washingtonpost.com/religion/2021/05/11/orthodox-jews-poll-secular-trump-republican}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.pewforum.org/2021/05/11/jewish-americans-in-2020"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pew Research Center\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93Jewish Americans in 2020,\u8221\'94}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~the biggest national study of Jews since 2013, said 17 percent of Jews under 30 are Orthodox, compared with 3 percent of Jews 65 and over and 7 percent of Jews aged 50 to 64. They are the product of high birthrates and, experts say, a more engaging and somewhat less isolated culture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Young Orthodox are more Republican, more culturally savvy and \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  after four years of access to Trump\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s White House \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  some say, bolder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the Orthodox appear to be proportionally growing, Pew found even more Jews becoming more secular and unaffiliated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jews of no religion\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Pew\u8217\'92s term for people who identify as Jews and do things they see as Jewish but do not identify with the religious parts \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  in 2020 made up 27 percent of all U.S. Jews, up from 22 percent in 2013. These Jews are not leaving Judaism, not letting go of their identity, are increasingly welcoming and retaining interfaith Jews, and are strengthening the idea of Judaism as a civilization as much as a religion. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.washingtonpost.com/religion/2021/05/11/orthodox-jews-poll-secular-trump-republican"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.washingtonpost.com/religion/2021/05/11/orthodox-jews-poll-secular-trump-republican}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is changing, religiously, is the moderately religious Jewish population, the liberal Jewish center, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93is starting to vanish,\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Menachem_Kellner"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Menachem_Kellner}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }}