{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANCN7vr9FVk"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANCN7vr9FVk}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 &t=180s}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Big bang - precise, fairly certain model}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But is a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91bangless\u8217\'92 model. Which is to say it says nothing about why, how, this happened. It is an \u8216\'91aftermath\u8217\'92 of the bang.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Enter inflation cosmology - it is a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91prequel\u8217\'92 to the big bang model - proposes what caused the bang}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -a patch of repulsive gravity material (negative pressures can cause this) existed in the early universe. At 10^16 GeV, the patch needs only to be as large as 10^-28 cm. Since any such patch is enlarged fantastically by inflation, it can be quite small.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -  the gravitational repulsion created by this material could cause the patch to undergo exponential expansion - doubling time every 10^-37 seconds}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Expanded for at least 100 doublings, but perhaps uch more. Inflation lasted some 10^-35 seconds, and at the end the region destined to become the presently observed unverse was about the size of a marble.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The repulsive-gravity material is unstable, so it decayed like a radioactive substance. The decay released enrgy which produced ordinary particls, forming a hot, dense \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91primordial soup\u8217\'92 of the standard cosmology big bang. **caveat- inflation ends almost everywhere, but not quite everywhere.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - mass of repulisve gravity material did not loose mass as it expanded. So, although more and more mass/energy appeard as the repllsive gravity material expanded, total energy was conserved! But how, considering consrvation of energy is a sacred principle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 energy is neither created nor destroyed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Energies arent necessarily positive. The gravitational field has a negative energy density. In terms of conservation of energy, we can have buildup of matter as long as there is a compensating amount of negative energy which is filling the gravitational field which is filling this larger region of space..}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Total energy may very well be zero - Huge sum of Matter and radiation countered by huge amount of gravity}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Large scale uniformity in CMB. Radiation was locked to the matter. Photons scattered against photon plasma. So for the first 400,000 years, the photons went relatively nowhere. But at 400,000 years, the universe cools enough so that the plasma neutralizes, it becomes a neutral gas, like the air in this room, transparent. Means that a typical photon has been traveling on a straight line since about 400k years after big bang.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Big bang cosmology cannout account for this uniformity unless you just assume the universe started out uniform. Inflationary\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exponential expansion can help account for it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Flatness problem - why was the early univers so FLAT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - flat means euclidean, as opposed to non-euclidean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - GR allows 3d space to be curved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - In GR, flatness is related to Mass density - Omega = mass density/crit mass density. When this value = 1, geometry is flat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - very sensitive. Universe at critical density is like a pencil balancing on its tip. If Omega in early universe was slightly below 1, it would rapidly fall to zero and no galaxies would form. If greater than 1, it would rapidly rise to infinity, the universe would recollapse, and no galaxies would form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - so, only way universe could be at omega =1 today is if it started out very close to one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - inflation sovles this because repulsive gravity would drive omega exponentially fast towards one, instead of away from it, like in our current universe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Observed omega used to be like .2 but inflationary models predicted closer to 1. This was a black eye for inflation. But modern estimates put it closer to one. SO this is a predictive success.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Universe has been accelerating for the last 5 billion years. Discovered in 1998}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Small scale non-uniformity}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - at the level of 1/100,000 we see non-uniformities in CMB. These regions are gravitationally unstable. Galaxies came out of these. Very faint non-univormities. Uncertainty principle of quantum theory drives this; In practice we cannot predict the amplitude of these ripples, but inflation can make clear predictions for the spectrum of these fluctuions. i.e. how these intensities vary with wavelength. This we can measure in the CMB, and inflationary cosmology curve fits very accuratly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Multiverse}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - the repulsive gravity material that drives the inflation is metastable. In any one location, the probability of remaining in an inflating state decreases with time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 usually exponentially.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - BUT, the universe in the meantime is expanding exponentially. In any successful version of inflation, the exponential expansion is faster than the exponential decay! Therefore, the volume that is inflating increases with time, even though the inflating material is decaying!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - the inflation becomes eternal\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 once it starts, it never stops. The inflating region never disappears, but pieces of it undergo decay and produce \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91pocket unverses\u8217\'92 ad infinitum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - instead of one universe, inflation produces an infinite number.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - so, when a piece of inflating region decays and becomes \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91normal\u8217\'92, this locally looks like a big bang.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 DARK ENERGY}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - universe has been accelerating for last 5 billino years, out of 14 billion years}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - implication: inflation is happenign today, so the universe today is filled with a repulsive gravity material (with in GR, this requires negative pressure). The repulsive gravity material is called dark energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - what is it? Who knows?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Could be vacuum energy, also known as cosmological constant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - vacuum energy, is just the energy of the vacuum, and so it does not change with time. At the same time, ordinary matter thins out as universe expands. So, what happens is that the universe was dominated by ordinary matter until about 5 billion years ago, and cause attractive gravity to slow. Then universe thinned out enough so that ordinary matter no longer dominated enough compared to vacuum energyu, so repulsion became evident.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Why can nothing have energy? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -the quantum vacuum is a complicated state. It is not \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91empty\u8217\'92. Vacuum fluctuations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -QFT says vacuum fluctuations with no shortest wavelength. So this makes calculations of vacuum specious - infinity. We think this is a limitation of the range of validity of QFT? At very short wavelengths, something must happen to cut off short wavelengths at infinity. A candidate is the effects of quantum gravity, which we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand. So they cut off these wavelengths at the planck scale, scale of quantum gravity. Using this cutoff, the estimated vacuum energy density is too large. By 120 orders of magnitude!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -String theory - produces explanation for small vacuum energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t figure out vacuum of theory with no success}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - maybe they could not find a vacuum because there is no unique vacuum for string theory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - instead there are maybe 10^500 long-lived metastable states, any of which could serve as a substrate for apocket universe. *This is the landscape*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - eternal inflation can presumably produce an infinite number of pocket universes of every type, populationg the landscape. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - although string theory would govern everywhere, each type of vacuum would have its own low-energy physics - its own \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91standard model\u8217\'92, its own \u8216\'91constants of nature, and its own vacuum energy density.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Pocket universes nucleate\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pt. 2 - }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OinSH6sAUo"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OinSH6sAUo}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anthropic principle \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91explains\u8217\'92 precise vacuum energy density. Some physicists say this is ridiculous, you can explain anything this way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - explanation of last resort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - unless we actually understand the landscape, and the initiaion of life, we can only give plausibility arguments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - the anthropic arguments only become attractive when the search for more deterministic explanations has failed. As sofar is the case for the vacuum energy density. Anthropic explanations are also discussed for many other quantities, including the higgs mass, the top quark mass, the magnitude of density perturbations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 * If inflation is eternal into the future, why is it not eternal into the past? How do we know inflation had a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91beginning\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - because the geodesics condense}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}