{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The\~monuments erected to the dead belong in every country, like funeral customs generally, to a deeper stratum of the national consciousness than do openly expressed beliefs. This is, in fact, a phase of the general law that in the history of religion cultus is more venerable and more conservative than doctrine. And as, further, the beliefs which find an expression in literature are those of the most enlightened and the least conservative spirits, it is misleading if one attempts to learn from the higher literature of a people how the masses really think and feel in regard to death and the life which lies beyond death.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For such reasons, it was the first and most important duty of an heir to see that the person whom he succeeded met with due burial. In war, as a rule, each side buried its own dead; and so great was the horror at neglect of this pious office, that after a drawn battle the side which was not in possession of the battle-field would commonly ask for a truce for the purpose of burying the slain, though it thereby acknowledged defeat.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The friends grouped about her are all women, with hair cut short in sign of mourning, clad in garments of dark brown, green, or blue. The lady who stands at the foot of the bier and her neighbour place their hands on their heads in sign of grief; their dress is that of burgher ladies; no doubt they are the nearest relatives of the dead. The girl who stands at the head of the bier is a slave or hired attendant. She is more simply clad, and carries in one hand}{\f0\fs24\b0 \{}{\f0\fs24\b0 4\}\~a flapper or fan to keep off the flies, in the other a basket containing fillets or ribbons. A wreath hangs against the wall of the room. Three small, naked, winged idola hover in the air. They are doubtless spirits of the dead: but the motive for their presence is not clear. One might at first be disposed to regard them as merely ready to receive the departed spirit; the figure nearest to the mouth of the corpse might even be regarded as the soul which has just taken flight. But these views scarcely account for the attitude, which is clearly in each of the three idola a recognized sign of grief. In fact, the close resemblance of gesture between the lady who stands at the foot of the bier and the winged figure above her seems to show that they share the same feeling, which is one of sorrow.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85..}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {How to get on in the world - A.R. Calhoun.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance. It is character which builds an existence out of circumstance. Our strength is measured by our plastic power. From the same materials one man builds palaces, another hovels; one warehouses, another villas. Bricks and mortar are mortar and bricks, until the architect can make them something else. Thus it is that in the same family, in the same circumstances, one man rears a stately edifice, while his brother, vacillating and incompetent, lives forever amid ruins; the block of granite which was an obstacle on the pathway of the weak, becomes a stepping-stone on the pathway of the strong."}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {No man leads a stainless life.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A man is his home.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The archivist}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b1 <$Scr_H::1>ADVICE}{\f0\fs48\b1 \line TO\line YOUNG MEN AND BOYS<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A SERIES OF ADDRESSES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 DELIVERED BY B. B. COMEGYS\line MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF CITY TRUSTS OF PHILADELPHIA}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 TO THE PUPILS OF THE GIRARD COLLEGE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 He was a man of great industry and frugality, and lived comfortably, as the merchants of that day lived, in the dwelling of which his counting-house formed a part. He was married and had one child, but the death of his wife was followed soon by the death of his child, and he never married again. He lived to the age of eighty-one and accumulated what was considered at the time of his death a vast estate, more than seven millions of dollars. One hundred and forty thousand dollars of this was bequeathed to members of his family, sixty-five thousand as a principal sum for the payment of annuities to certain friends and former employ\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9s, one hundred and sixteen thousand to various Philadelphia charities,}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 10]\~five hundred thousand to the city of Philadelphia for the improvement of its water front on the Delaware, three hundred thousand to the State of Pennsylvania for the prosecution of internal improvements, and an indefinite sum in various legacies to his apprentices, to sea-captains who should bring his vessels in their charge safely to port, and to his house servants. The remainder of his estate he devised in trust to the city of Philadelphia for the following purposes: (1) To erect, improve and maintain a college for poor white orphan boys; (2) to establish a better police system, and (3) to improve the city of Philadelphia and diminish taxation.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 the corner-stone being laid with ceremonies on the Fourth of July following}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The auxiliary buildings include a chapel of white marble, dormitories, offices and laundries. A new refectory, containing improved ranges and steam cooking apparatus, has recently been added, the dining-hall of which will seat with ease more than one thousand persons. Two bathing-pools are in the western portion of the grounds, and others in basements of buildings. The houses are heated by steam and lighted by gas obtained from the city works. Thirty-five electric lights from seven towers one hundred and twenty-five feet high illuminate the grounds and the neighboring streets. A wall sixteen inches in thickness and ten feet in height, strengthened by spur piers on the inside and capped with marble coping, surrounds the whole estate, its length being six thousand eight hundred and forty-three feet, or somewhat more than one and one-quarter miles. It is pierced on the southern side, immediately facing the south front of the main building, for the chief entrance,}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 13]\~this last being flanked by two octagonal white marble lodges, between which stretches an ornamental wrought-iron grille, with wrought-iron gates, the whole forming an approach in keeping with the large simplicity of the college itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The site upon which the college is erected corresponds well with its splendor and importance. It is elevated considerably above the general level of the surrounding buildings and forms a conspicuous object, not only from the higher windows and roofs in every part of Philadelphia, but from the Delaware river many miles below the city and from eminences far out in the country. From the lofty marble roof the view is also exceedingly beautiful, embracing the city and its environs for many miles around and the course, to their confluence, eight miles below, of the Delaware and Schuylkill rivers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Title}{\f0\fs24\b0 : The humour of Spain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Release Date}{\f0\fs24\b0 : December 12, 2022 [EBook #69530]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Language}{\f0\fs24\b0 : English}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Original Publication}{\f0\fs24\b0 : gb: , United Kingdom: The Walter Scott Publishing Co., Ltd.,1909.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69530/pg69530-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69530/pg69530-images.html}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 their predominant sentiment, the jealousy over their women, points back to the strict seclusion of the harem.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It is both unnecessary and invidious to descant upon \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don Quixote,\u8221\'94\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 par excellence}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~the work of Spanish Humour.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 N a certain convent there was a cat which had killed all the mice in the convent but one, which was very big, which she could not catch. The cat mused in her heart in what manner she might deceive the mouse that she might kill him; and thought so long till she agreed she must take the veil, and clothe herself in nun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s garb, and sit amongst the nuns at table, and then she might get at the mouse; and she did as she had thought. The mouse, when he saw the cat eating with the nuns, rejoiced greatly, and thought, since the cat had become religious, that she would henceforth do him no harm, insomuch that Don Mouse came near to where the nuns were eating, and began to leap about here and there. Then the cat rolled her eyes as one who has no longer eyes for any vanity or folly, and she kept a peaceful and humble countenance; and the mouse, seeing that, drew near little by little; and when the cat saw him nigh her she sprang upon him with her claws and began to throttle him. And the mouse said, \u8220\'93How is it that thou, a nun, art so cruel as to wish to kill me?\u8221\'94 Whereupon the cat replied, \u8220\'93Think not thy cries will cause me to free thee; for know, brother, that when it pleases me I am a nun, and when it pleases me a canoness.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }