{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stretched his legs in a futile attempt to recover from the rigor of death. He desperately wanted to stand up and walk around, but his own timidity ruled against this. So, he sat and waited in the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limestone pit while the sun sat and waited in its noonday post. The sun\u8217\'92s heat poured straight down, leaving no shadows to cool in. Most of the Ayramun retreated into the mouth of the tunnel, but Seb stayed in the pit because she preferred to sweat. Mandri stayed because Seb seemed to be something like his advocate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He set his back against the rock and shut his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He daydreamed about some ancient text on economics he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d once read. He didn\u8217\'92t remember any of it, but he did remember cringing from the smell of bullshit some two centuries away. It was an odd experience to relive. It had nothing to do with his current predicament. Still, he did not believe in such a thing as a stray thought, so he looked for something which might explain why he was remembering that smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, it was those pokes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In a way, the pokes in those tunnels were campaigning for their own grand economic theory. Their arrows and daggers had something to say about what other people should be doing with all their time. Any moment now, and they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come rushing back out to assail him with some big idea about how everyone, themselves especially, were going to get what they rightfully deserved if only the rich, or maybe the poor, would just stop working against the world\u8217\'92s natural order. Either way, Mandri knew he must give his assent or else be condemned as a malcontent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sure enough, as soon as a sliver of a shadow returned to the pit, so too did that crowd of ragged pokes, fifteen to twenty of them. Plans and schemes tipped their tongues. Side-eyed glances sliced right through Mandri, their new toy. They chattered excitedly about their little victory in the Junkug hills, then some hidden signal passed between them and they all promptly shut up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri feared a lecture as they fanned out to ring the pit. He feared something worse when a disquieting grumble echoed out of the tunnel. Each desert-beaten man and woman snapped to attention with anticipation in their eyes. Then out of the shadows there strode a giant. A black-robed giant. A }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  giant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Flee,\u8217\'92 was Mandri\u8217\'92s first thought. His second was more considered; \u8216\'91This must be Ayram\u8217\'92. Then next came, \u8216\'91He could be Arnaggu.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Arnaggu was the first Hrkan Lord, a true conquering hero, the inspiration for the genre. In some ancient age his figure was carved into the flat face of a massive granite monadnock which towered above the windswept Forni plain. The relief itself sat four-hundred feet off the ground. There stood Arnaggu at the apex of a battle scene which stretched over the whole of the shaven granite, some six-hundred feet wide. At the bottom of this magnificent work was a horde of Old Jandri tribesmen dressed as slaves, with naked torsos and skirted hips. Their limbs were splayed out, flyswatted. Their faces were fixed in silent screams as they were crushed under the sandals of Arnaggu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s army, a tidal wave of men. Arnaggu himself was depicted ten times larger than any other, wading through the carnage. His upper torso and head were the only parts of the relief carved fully in the round, such that Arnaggu seemed to be tearing himself out of the rock, eyes wild, brow untroubled, the face of kingly rage, like he\u8217\'92d just heard whispers of rebellion and was dead-set on ripping out the treacherous tongues with his teeth. For the viewer, for his subjects, for the entire world, to contend with him was to contend with the entirety of the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And here he was, reborn, standing on sand not twenty yards from Mandri, a true giant, a man carved from stone, skinny and strong. His long black hair was wrapped up in black. His piercing blue eyes were tucked under mothy brows. His long, gaunt face was sunk into a bread loaf of a beard, an Old Jandri style called an Unky beard, named after the warrior poet Unkileen, who was himself named after the pillar which holds the heavens. Ayram wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ten-men-tall like Arnaggu, but he was at least as tall as two whole Mandrameens. And the way he moved, with his too-long legs wrapped tight in faded black wool, swinging in a loping gait, he seemed possessed of that skinny-legged power that hides inside a horse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here was a conquering hero in the fashion of old. And true to the form, his glare was imperious upon his prize: Mandrameen the Mazid. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb whispered in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear, \u8220\'93Stand in the center.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri fought back his own stipple-pricked sense of awe and stood himself up. He walked to the center of the pit. A few of the Ayramun muttered insults, but he paid them no mind, as he was concerned only with Ayram. The giant still had both hands, so whose had been sewn into his chest?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram turned to the cave from which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come. \u8220\'93Elrahet!\u8221\'94 he shouted. His voice was deep and imposing, as only the manliest tones could climb their way out of his cavernous chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An old woman came hobbling out of the tunnels, aided by a gnarled branch of a cane. This woman was clad in a cloud of ruffled up black tatters, and with her spine as bowed as it was, her head could barely reach Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knee. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was not alone. A Zosan girl wrapped in a mottled, brown blanket stumbled along behind her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s high cheeks were bothered by a huge mess of black hair and a clear lack of sleep. She leaned against Elrahet\u8217\'92s stooped back, and the pair moved with deliberate care as she was clearly drugged, or drunk. Mandri guessed drunk because she walked with that familiar rhythmless shuffle of unsteady instinct. And somehow, despite the presence of a mythic giant and a witch who might have fallen out of the night, it was this girl who drew all the attention. She was in pain. She fought back a grimace with every step. Her red and witless eyes wandered aimlessly around the pit, and it seemed she might collapse. But then her gaze brushed over Mandri and she gained focus. Her chin jerked up. Her pained expression tightened into stony resolve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grabbed her by the shoulder, pulled her off of the old witch, then shook her gently. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Moteah, look at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah did not take her stern glare off Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s time,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93I want you to command the Mazid. Command it to kneel to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He let go of Moteah and she, unbalanced, swayed into his hip. He caught her, held her steady, then pointed his long arm at Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She has not recovered,\u8221\'94 Elrahet huffed. \u8220\'93The tether needs time to root.\u8221\'94 The shadow of this witch\u8217\'92s cowl hid a sneering squint that folded so much age around her eyes that they looked like little black seeds thumb-pressed into her sockets. And those seeds were sharp, they flitted underneath her wrinkles as they traced the outline of Mandri\u8217\'92s figure. It seemed she could see the smell of death exuding out of his pores. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I care,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, inflecting encouragement. \u8220\'93The girl has the power to command the creature, and kneeling is no great burden.\u8221\'94 To prove his point, he knelt down himself. His massive head seemed beastly next to Moteah\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93Command it to kneel,\u8221\'94 he said gently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah took a deep breath and steadied herself. She was looking at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach, like some Junkite queen hungry for meat. And while that wild fierceness in her eyes tingled Mandri\u8217\'92s bones, when she spoke, her uncertain voice betrayed her true condition. \u8220\'93Kneel,\u8221\'94 she said softly, blurring the line between a suggestion and a command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stayed standing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah clenched her jaw and straightened up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel!\u8221\'94 she shouted, biting the word. This time, her voice had weight. Mandri felt his stomach stir. Something gripped his spine. Still, it was not enough\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he did not kneel. He suspected she was not able to focus, as even now, her hard glare was unsettled by a wincing pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you could command me,\u8221\'94 Mandri said to her, \u8220\'93you could do it with a whisper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh-hoh!\u8221\'94 Ayram bellowed. \u8220\'93Still has a Spark, does he!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant stood back up to tower over the circle of Ayramun, whose faces brewed discontent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 frustration, anger, and impatience made them all shift and fidget. They looked like whipped hounds waiting for their master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s greasy hand to divvy up the meal. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mean to question your work,\u8221\'94 Ayram said aside to Elrahet, \u8220\'93but clearly something is wrong. I may not have the sight, but I can see well enough to see that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  is not kneeling.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grumbled a witchy rebuke, but that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t enough to silence Ayram\u8217\'92s questioning look, so she spat. \u8220\'93I said once before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the girl is not recovered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe you,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93But please, for my own curiosity, untether that Mazid from the world. Don\u8217\'92t say he already is, I know he\u8217\'92s not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to see how strong a weak binding can be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do it for me. Please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grumbled, sighed, then turned towards Mandri and began again to fret over his figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stared long and hard at the edges of his being. She stared so long and so hard that Mandri wondered if she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d accidentally tranced herself into stupidity. Then she began to circle as a vulture circles carrion. At the second circling, her hand plunged into her ragged robes and emerged with a curved, black knife, a knife so black it could only be Fabled Black. It looked exactly like the knife that had slaughtered his ox. And now Elrahet was mumbling that same guttural speech which Pel had mumbled, a speech devoid of natural pauses where one might take a breath. Each slurred, grating, syllable pushed out his thoughts and feelings, pushed his mind further off its perch, threatening to tip him into a pleasant quietness where nothing existed but disembodied sights and sounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet continued to circle, cross-stepping sideways, facing him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She licked her withered lips at his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her accursed knife sliced right through the beating heat of the sun. Out came a witchy bark, and she lashed out with her blade again, slashing the air just above his arm. She shrieked, then cut the air above his heart, then again near his shoulder, then right in front of his nose. At this final flick, Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind snapped loose, unmoored from any sense of the present or future. The only functional parts of him now were his legs, which kept him standing, and his sight, though that was blurring behind a twisting vision of a feminine hand stuck inside his torso, its dead fingers squeezing the malformed pink slug that was his empty stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s booming voice floated out of the whitish pucker which framed this enthralling vision, \u8220\'93Command it to kneel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach squeezed. An unfamiliar urge bubbled out of his belly and he almost vomited as his true sight returned in time to see Moteah holding out her right arm with its missing hand. Her nubby wrist was wrapped in a weedy poultice, and this she aimed at his chest as if it were a sword. He could feel her pulse; it was there, gripping his gut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93KNEEL!\u8221\'94 Moteah shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The word clapped Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears, then concussed the pit\u8217\'92s chalky rock before rebounding right back at him, rattling his ribs. On it went again, bouncing into the tunnels, echoing into unseen corridors, slamming into every dead end, sending faint rejoinders back out. That this powerful shout had come from such an ailing girl was the least incredible thing, for the air between herself and Mandri was alive with a sprinkling of sand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the force of her shout had thwacked the ground between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders jerked downwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His knees bent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He squatted like a frog, and for a moment, he felt as if he would collapse, but when the last remnant of the Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s command faded, so too did the weight which pressed him down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stood back up, dizzy, and profoundly sad. He knew immediately that it was the witch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shard of Fabled Black which made him so suddenly unhappy to be alive. But this knowledge could not stave off the feeling that his existence was undemanded; none of these people cared that he was who he was, and while this was always true, never had this fact been more obvious and clear to him than right this very moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By the time he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d regathered himself back into his skin, Ayram was standing over him. Arms crossed, the giant was looking down his nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you not kneeling?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shook his head and shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s massive hand held a bone-handled dagger. The blade seemed no bigger than a butterknife against his hairy fingers, though it was quite sharp, a fact which Mandri appreciated the moment its edge was thrust up tight against his neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, drawing out all tyranny endemic to the word. He even growled, and such was his stature that it seemed like two men growled at once. He dug the dagger\u8217\'92s tip into Mandri\u8217\'92s neck, and a bead of unnaturally thick blood dripped down. Mandri noticed none of this, for behind Ayram\u8217\'92s sharp nose were two blue-ice eyes, almost glowing. Those were something worth painting\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the eyes of a giant as they considered what should be done with a willowy throat. It was such an entrancing sight that Mandri completely forgot that he\u8217\'92d been asked to do something. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should be walking,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grunted his acknowledgment, then stepped away. He paced to and fro, hands held behind his back, twirling that bone-handled blade in between unreasonably dexterous fingers. It was a grand show of furious thinking, one which went on for far too long. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about we bargain?\u8221\'94 he finally said, sharing a magnificent smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few chuckles rose up from the Ayramun. It was clear that Ayram was not a man who bargained. He was big enough to simply take. Like Tob had said, everything here was his.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have nothing I want,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, staring the giant square.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then don\u8217\'92t call it bargaining,\u8221\'94 Ayram replied. \u8220\'93We will share gestures of goodwill. We can start small, if you like. Kneel before me, and I will show you a kindness in return. Do not ask for much, as kneeling is no great demand. A mouthful of water should satisfy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a Mazid,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need water. And without a Spark, I don\u8217\'92t need food either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not what I meant.\u8221\'94 He snapped his fingers at one of the nearby Ayramun and demanded their waterskin. The skin was tossed, he snatched it, then unplugged the cork then took a drink. His beard bulged as he swished the water around his mouth, and after he swallowed, he smacked his lips. \u8220\'93Out here,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93water is precious. Giving you water means more than giving you water. This exchange, we are demonstrating a willingness to tolerate each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you have nothing I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t about }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 wants}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , boy. Will you make an effort to tolerate me, or won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet bittered the offer with a huff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One cannot treat a Sparkless stomach,\u8221\'94 she grumbled. \u8220\'93It wants nothing, it will give nothing.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about freedom?\u8221\'94 Ayram wondered aloud. He turned to Mandri with renewed interest. \u8220\'93That is something worth trading for, is it not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Somehow,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92ve gone through all this trouble just to let me go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is why we will make a trade,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93Destroy my enemies, and I will let you go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re no different than the Hrks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram smiled grandly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, that is interesting,\u8221\'94 he said, amused. \u8220\'93I have been mistaken for a god, I have been mistaken for a demon, but I have }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 never}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  been mistaken for Hrk.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should be walking,\u8221\'94 Elrahet muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So it seems,\u8221\'94 Ayram lamented. He then turned to Moteah, who had at this point had collapsed to her knees. She looked quite queasy and very upset about it. Ayram contemplated her and her failure, then cricked his head back and forth as he scrutinized the slapped sand between her and Mandri. Unsatisfied with whatever he saw there, he marched right over Moteah\u8217\'92s discarded blanket to disappear into the tunnels. \u8220\'93We walk!\u8221\'94  he shouted as the shadows had swallowed him up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun jumped to, grabbed their things, and hurried to follow after their leader. Seb stopped at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side and urged him to follow, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri thought about staying put and causing as much fuss as possible. He had every right to make these people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lives as miserable as they were making his. Then he considered what passes for torture in this part of the Sand. And then he considered Moteah, how she shuffled along, unbalanced, and somehow it made things more bearable to see someone suffering worse than he was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gathered what was left of his senses and hustled after Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fluttering cloak.}}