{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Reuse Feather-plucking demon}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Thoughts: Functional. Mandri feels a little to direct I think??? Maybe he needs to be more direct back in Salavans? Maybe not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 There is definitely a section of dialogue, when Ayram comes out, where the action could be more fleshed out. Maybe Address Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s claim about the leash-make it clear he\u8217\'92s just making it up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Also, Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s description is undercooked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Really jsut a giant and a beard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 PRIORITY}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An old woman\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s voice scratched back from the dark, \u8220\'93Quiet!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped forward, then began to circle Mandri as a vulture circles carrion. As she moved, she mumbled a guttural speech devoid of natural pauses where one might take a breath. These ill words weaved themselves into Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ears, and he began to feel his thoughts and feelings flee him. By the second circling, he was so far removed from the moment that he almost didn\u8217\'92t see the witch\u8217\'92s right hand plunge into her ragged robes and emerge with a curved, black knife, a knife he had seen before, exactly like the knife that had slaughtered his ox.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was still circle, cross-stepping sideways, facing him. Her mumblings yanked him back into incoherence, and once there he was plunged into}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her shout shivered the sand underneath his feet. A cool air blew up from nowhere to billow the skirt of his robe. His stomach wrenched. He wheezed as his insides twisted, doubling him over in pain. Through it all, he was still standing.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 shouted, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel!\u8221\'94}}