{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its beginning was hidden, even secretive, and could only be seen in rueful hindsight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DARFUR IS ON THE SOUTHEASTERN FRINGES OF THE ENDLESS EMPTINESS OF THE SAHARA, and its soil , beaten down from too many cattle and too many gats over too manyyears of drought, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hold the water. It pooled and then gathered in little muddy torrents that swept away the scattered huts of the countryside. A few days before the refugees in their grim camps had been dying of thirst, an ostrich egg of water having to do for a family for a whole day, but were were now forced to scramble to keep their pathetic scraps of food and their meager possessions from washing away. They were still starving, though now sodden and burdenened with cholera and dysentery in addition to their other miseries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Lake Chad, which had been shrinking for decades, stopped shrinking briefly,, and the remaining hippo channels winding through the papyrus and water hyacinths filled up. The dusty plains north of kano, the nigerian trading city, looked lush for the first time in fifteen years. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who would have thought that, say, a rural tavern in pennsylvania would be threatened by a storm-born flood that was linked in complicated ways to the ending of a drought half a world away? The green shoots peeping through the sand in the wadis near timbuktu eant really bad news for the oblivious citizens of florida and alabama and the gulf coast of mississippi and bad, though not quite dire, for the citizens of the eastern seabord. They would learn that in due time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Out at se at the southern tip of africa near the cape of storms, the collision of two ocean currents sends massive pulses of disturbed air into the sky. The benguela current, still chilled by the antarctic frosts, and the agulhas current, still humid with tropical warmth, intersect just southeast of cape town, and the storms they cause coil and twist, boilig up great black thunderheads, tearing the surface off the sea with a howling roar, and assaulting the land beyond. The gales race across the cape peninsula and blast out to sea again, across table bay to the open atlantic beyond, where they finally lose their potency in thte frigid waters off nambia. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tried to still my terror with her beating heart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wind became personal, a thing, capricious and malevolent, to be treated with utmost caution and constant suspicion.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Made the sea shiver.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No real wind blows, only a gentle sea breeze. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A roiling coil of supercharged air was churning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The seas were rearing up and hurling themselves on the shore with a thunderous roar. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Made the bedrock quiver.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotle shows that air is a thing by inflating a bag. Closes it, try pouring water into it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Philo of byzantium, in the third century bc, performed a more sophisticated version of aristotle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mass experiment, and was thus the first to really prove that air has substance. He attached a tube to a glass globe, then inserted the open end of the tube into a dish of water. When he placed the globe inshadow, the water rose within the tube. When he exposed the globe to sunlight, the level fell. \u8220\'93The same effect,\u8221\'94 he wrote, \u8220\'93is produced if one heats the globe with fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had - though he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know it - stumbled on the true cause of wind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Mazyd does this as explanation for where the istil wind comes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the greeks, alchemy and astrology dominated the physical sciences until the middle ages.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phlogiston theory. Reduce everything to three essences that make up all matter, essence of inflammability (phlogiston) , essence of fluidity, essence of salt. Under the presence of the church, living matter was excluded from this taxonomy, because it contained the potential for a soul that differed in composition from nonliving matter, since it was divinely inspired, was necessarily outside earthly classification. Stahl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vitalism theory, outlined in The True Theory of Medicine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All metals were made of a calx, or residue, combined with phlogiston, the fiery principle, which was liberated during combustion, leaving only the calx. Air, according to this theory, was merely a receptacle for phlogiston. Combustables, or calcinable substances, were not elements at all, but merely compounds for containing phlogiston. FOr example, rusting iron was believed to be losing its phlogiston and thereby returning to its elemental state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Similarly, flames extinguish because the air becomes saturated with phlogiston. Charcoal leaves little residue after burning because it is nearly pure phlogiston. Mice die in confined spaces because the air becomes saturated with phlogistion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It explaines how air at first supports combustion and then after a while does not. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But why did some metals, such as magnesium, actually gain mass when burned? Phlogistonists }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 finessed the discrepancy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  by assigning phlogiston a negative mass, or by asserting that air entered the metal to fill the vacuum after phlogiston left.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cantakerous.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Joseph Priestly, discovered the existence of oxygen, was a devout believer in phlogiston theory (he simpley called oxygen \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91dephlogisticated air\u8217\'92) and late in his life issued a ringing denunciation of the antiphlogistons, whose activities he actually compared to Robespierre and the Terror. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lavoisier showed that oxygen is required for combustion, as well as for rusting and respiration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lavoisier died on the guillotine during the Terror. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0 It took them only an instant to cut off this head, and one hundred years might not suffice to reproduce its like\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The ionosphere is a flexible, dynamic, and rather fragile system buffeted about by electromagnetic emissions, by variations in the earth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s magnetic field, and by }{\f0\fs24\b1 the acoustic motion of the atmosphere}{\f0\fs24\b0  itself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Changes in the magnetosphere seem to be transmitted to the lower atmosphere, where they may influence the circulation of air masses. If we can discover the physical links between these two regions of our environment that trigger weather and climate changes, we can better predict and prepare for our weather.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wind itself is a product of solar radiation, but it is shaped and affected by planetary rotation, pressure differentials, and by air in all its multple movements, patterns and paths.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All the tunder cells caused by the great furnace of the saharn summer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Saharan storms are easy to see: sulfurous clouds of yellow sand swirl up into the angry blacks of the clouds. The nomads know better than to be caught on a high dune in a windstorm.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When they reach tropical waters, they either stall, or they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. Again, if the conditions are right - the water temperature just right, the upper atmosphere still no shear is found at the high altitudes to cut off their tops - the low-pressure systems they have become begin to slowly spin as the coriolis force takes hold. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take the lid off a pot of steaming water - moist air began to ascend rapidly, moisture and energy were dumped at high altitudes, surface winds rushed into the vacuum thus created and in turn forced the winds into a tighter circular motion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was once pursued by a windstorm across the arid great karoo of south africa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 the first we knew about the storm, the first inkling that something was amiss, was when our own dust overtook us; a following wind had gotten up, and it was strengthening fast. I looked over my shoulder anad the horizon was already a luridly dirty purple lit up with shaeets and jagged spears of lightning. For a moment I thought I saw a yellow-tinged funnel shape reaching toward the ground, and if it were true, that would mean really bad news.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That the storm was moving was evident. We could see it coming after us, we could see it pass by, we could see it vanish oer the horizon. So why, I wondered in later years, did no one figure out that weather traveled? \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 the notion that storms were self-contained systems that moved from one place to another was never mooted. It wasn\u8217\'92t until the nineteenth centure, when data colelction was developed, that it was understood \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Jandris see these storms as oozing sparks of chaos and wrath into the material world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the familiar story of the scientific method, of course. It is the way scientific understanding advances. First come the framing theories, almost always wrong, then the painstaking accumulation of data, then corrected theories, then more data, and only afterward the brilliant insight. After which the pattern repeats itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anaximander believed that air, that every thing, earth and heavens above, came into exisgence when the primordial sea was dried by celecstial fires, source of fires unspecified. All nature prodcut of few properties - hot and cold, wet and dry, light and dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wind was a current formed when miss were urned off by the sun. Wind he said, was a flowing of air.  Simple flow tank to show that air and wind were really the same thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotle: if winds were indeed a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91flowing of air\u8217\'92, this must mean that all winds were one wind because all air was one air. To him, this was self-evidently false. \u8216\'91This is just like saying all rivers are one and the same river, and an ordinary mans view is better than a philosopher\u8217\'92s view like this one,\u8217\'92 he declared. Wind is an exhalation arising from the earth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heat makes air move.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Puerility}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoak}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shoot a cannon straight up in the air to prove the earth rotates.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before these whirlwinds come on\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 there appears a heavy cloud to the northeast which is very black towards the horizon, but towards the upper part is a dull reddish color. The tempest came with great violence, but after a while the winds ceased all at once and a calm succeeded. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seacaptains understood that low pressure meant a storm- and no ship would leave port without a glass, as barometers were called. But they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know why.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The storms center could be found by the simple expedient of facing the wind, in which case the center would be to your right. If you did this periodicallly, you could tell which wat the storm was moving. The worst place to be was in the direct path of the storm or toward its right, that is, to the north of a storm tracking west, or to the east of a storm tracking north. Bowditch called that the dangerious semicircle, where the winds actually pushed vessels back into the center of the storm. ONly works for the northern hemisphere.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 William redfield - cyclonic nature of storms - drawn from tracking detailed reports of hurricane damage after a storm had passed through connecticut. He learned from these reports that trees had been felled in differetn directions, depending on where they had been in the storms path. And it became clear that although at certain places the winds had been driving in from the north, those same northerly winds felled trees in southerly counties before they did their dmage in more northerly ones. The only explanation possible was that the storm was, in essence, a giant whirlwind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sometimes you really can see the wind. Directly, not just by watching trees sway or ripples skitter across open water. Blizard. At its height, you could stare out the window and watch the white wind dipping and swirling through the trees, heaping the snow up in great sculptured drifts, darting around the corner of the house. Brutal violet  dust wind, sahara, where the wind blows a gritty ochre and dun, tornados are lethally visible.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The slow, turning wheel of low-pressure systems}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Little zephyrs tickle the fine hairs on the forearm. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hot air in one place, cooler in another - there you have it, wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Presseure differentils - wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Climate zones - wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Altitude differentials.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Planetary rotation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The physics is not complicated. Windi s air moving from high pressure to low pressure, in a straight line, deflected by the rotation of the earth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coriolis loc 1135}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On top of the roar of the waves and the clattering shutter was the sound of the wind gusting in the spruces, varying in pitch from a howl to a whine.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most deserts lie in the calms of cancer or calms of capricorn.  Horse latitudes - calm winds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}