{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many witches do you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A few.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know half the women people call witches are only normal pokes minding their own business. But this one particular woman was not. She came to me the day before I was made a Mazid. In fact, she was the one who recruited me for the job.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Describe her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, she was taller than Elrahet. Younger, I think, but still old. And you know of Elrahet\u8217\'92s golden knife? This witch had one just like it. Exactly the same. They could well be the same knife.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The venom in Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s accusation took Mandri by surprise, and he looked to the sand hills as if to suggest that the accusation must have come from there because no way it could have come from a living being capable of thought. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said defensively, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could be wrong as I don\u8217\'92t recall the meeting perfectly, but the woman was evil. She was a witch. She ripped out my ox\u8217\'92s stomach and swallowed its Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93I was teaching you what men are made for. You really don\u8217\'92t remember?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I recall correctly, I had more pressing concerns at the time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re made for solving problems.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, right. You said that, and then you threw me into jaws of a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head tilted as if to interrogate Mandri\u8217\'92s Spark.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah stood there and stared into her brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s absence. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 discover that he was, somehow, back in the little temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ladder room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 both Seb and Moto worked hard to change his mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He scrambled down the hill to find Seb and her burgeons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri cringed at the sight of it.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shouldn\u8217\'92t you be focusing on toughening her up?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s the Minder. She\u8217\'92s the one that doesn\u8217\'92t work. I\u8217\'92m only a Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah grunted, then posted herself against the temple wall to watch, clearly unconvinced that this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t some elaborate attempt to anger her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was like her tongue had unexpectedly brushed against a bone hiding in a mouthful of groat. She quickly spat it out and said, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}