{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nothing profound about terror\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or any emotion for that matter, but Mandri thought terror was particularly superficial. Like love, or hate, it follows that same tired course that all the shallower emotions follow: first it startles him into stupidity, and then it spurs him into action, and all of this is forced. Reason is not allowed to have a say. When that beam of Mazydfire lit up the night, a stupefying terror took hold of him. Now, he was running through the dark bowels of the temple, bumping his nose and toes on stone shelves and footings because he wasn\u8217\'92t allowed to hold a torch, and he wasn\u8217\'92t allowed, according to Moto, because that there wasn\u8217\'92t any time to light one up, even though it only took five god-damned seconds. As it goes with terror; reason is not allowed a say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t because he stubbed his toe that Mandrameen worked out of the terror faster than the others, it was because terror never lasted long in him in the first place. Consciously or not, he\u8217\'92d find a way to will it out, and this he did because in his bones he distrusted terror, just like he distrusted love or hate or any of those other emotions, and he distrusted them for the simple reason that it\u8217\'92s possible to feel two of them at once. If you can both love and hate a person, then that proves that there is a truer, deeper, reality there of which love and hate are but crude approximations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And this isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a fault of language; it\u8217\'92s not the case that loving-and-hating is, in itself, a unique emotional state for which no one has come along and invented the right word. Mandri was sure that what was happening was, one moment there is a caring love, and in the next there is a spiteful hate, and the mind vacillates between the two, and seeing them pass by in quick succession makes absurdity of it all readily apparent. One cannot, with pigments black and white, paint a portrait in color. If Solraheen both calms and terrifies, well, the fault is not with Him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  And if terror led him to both love and hate a person, then that proved that terror hinted at a deeper reality in which love and hate are only crude approximations\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was as if there was a color portrait to be painted here, but all Mandri had were pigments black and white.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And to be clear, this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a trick of language. It\u8217\'92s not the case that the condition of \u8216\'91loving-and-hating\u8217\'92 is, in itself, a unique emotional state for which some genius has yet to come along and invent the right word to label it. What is really happening is that one moment there is a caring love, and in the next there is a spiteful hate, and the mind vacillates between the two, and seeing them pass by in quick succession blurs them together, but if Mandri stopped and noticed he could distinguish them, and as soon as he did that, the insufficiency of it all became readily apparent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , well, the fault is not with Him. He could, however, be blamed in a roundabout way. He could have chosen to give Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark a more complete palette with which to paint an inner world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The end result was always the same\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d get fed up with all the dissonance and decide to surrender himself to the calm, cool waters of not giving a damn, though that wasn\u8217\'92t really possible either, not completely, and not for long. Not long, at least, whenever he was lost inside a temple mountain, fleeing from the threat of a vengeful Mazyd who no doubt relished the chance to put a beam fire through his skull.}}