{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The evening sun brought them out of the storm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s deep-sand wake and onto solid clay. This was still officially part of the Sand\u8217\'92s Pitted Portion, though there were no pits. There were scraggly bushes and a few stunted trees with wavy trunks. Ayram propped his great pack up against one of these miniature, leaf-bare trees, and then he lay up underneath it to squeeze in a short rest. He permitted Seb to build a smokeless fire. Mandri felt smart in reminding everyone that a Mazidariga didn\u8217\'92t need smoke to find them, and he was told that the Hrks were not the only people from which they needed to hide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They sat around the fire, watching the sun set. They munched on hardtack, and Mandri was allowed a swig of wine that tasted like sour beer. They conversed about the terrain ahead and the difficulties they might face. Conversation turned to the Great Solgi Erg. The Great Erg was not in their way, but any fireside chat about the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features cannot end without mentioning it at least once. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri made the mistake of calling it the Solgi Erg. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Great}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Solgi Erg,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Moteah corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My apologies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Plenty of ergs in the sand, only one of them is Great. Elrahet knows the story of the Erg\u8217\'92s creation.\u8221\'94 She said this with some enthusiasm, as if yearning to hear it again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet simply sneered and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No man or woman knows the story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you said\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There were old memories, memories said to have come straight from the mouth of Solraheen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those memories are lies. No truth survives unscathed from the age when Solraheen shaped His voice into word, for that age was long before the corruption of signs and symbols. The story I know is one shaped by memory, and memory is one big belly-aching lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what about\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen made those mountains of sand a long time ago,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said, completely ignoring Moteah\u8217\'92s stammering. \u8220\'93That is all that can be said for the truth of the Great Erg. Everything else is in doubt. The very name is in doubt. You know that line of sand as the Great Solgi Erg for you were brought up in this Solitant infested world, but that sand has other names. Older names. Which is the true name? Who can say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri admired the old woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stamina. She\u8217\'92d been walking all day, and here she was, charging through the telling of a story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Solitants claim that Solraheen planted a stick in the ground to mark one of His garden\u8217\'92s eight corners. Then He left. He left that stick in the ground. Where did He go? Only Sol-knows-where. They say He left to pace out the rest of His garden. They say His passing along the surface of the world kicked up the first wind, the Shulsai, and this wind circled the earth and came back around to puff upon that planted stick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Shulsai blew sand against the stick, and soon an egg of a sand dune built up in the stick\u8217\'92s lee. Nine moons later, and that fledgling dune had grown up to swallow the stick whole. All it took was that one stick, and it birthed the first dune, and this dune grew, and grew, and grew until it was named the Primal Erg, and it was belly-full, rolling across the world, leaving littler ergs in its wake. It rolled all the way to the edge of land, and there it stopped. It has been bleeding into the sea ever since, half the size of what it once was. Now we call it the Great Solgi Erg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now Mandri,\u8221\'94 Moteah said when Elrahet began to nibble at the edge of a wafer of hardtack. \u8220\'93Do you think Solraheen meant to do it? Do you think He knew that after planting that stick in the ground, that a whole sand sea would swell up around it? Did He make the erg on purpose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think Solraheen makes mistakes,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yessss,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, hissing like a snake. \u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s what the Solitants say. They call it the Solgi Erg, because Solgi means, \u8216\'91Sol\u8217\'92s gift\u8217\'92. Yet I heard it called the Great Solzima Erg, and zima means\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 do you know what it means?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It means shame. It is named \u8216\'91Sol\u8217\'92s shame\u8217\'92, because it is a mistake. If Solraheen had intended for the erg to form, He would have built it up with his own two hands as He did with everything else in His garden. And why should He want to turn fertile black earth into a mountain of useless sand? These Old Believers could not believe that Solraheen would wander off into the middle of the world and shape lakes that reflect the light of the divine, fill them with creatures of unfathomable grace and beauty, and yet, at the same time, He would leave the Erg to struggle up on its own, a basic sameness of stuff with no redeeming qualities. All the erg did was procreate and ripple the wind. Hah! Same could be said for Hrks!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her excited, toothless smile settled into a deep and easy sneer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Old Believers claim that when Solraheen returned to the stick that He\u8217\'92d stuck in Jandri\u8217\'92s eastern rib, and when He saw the Erg standing there, He fell into a deep despair. It would take eons to clean up those dunes, even for Him. So He created the Buggal wind to blow it away, and then He left.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s not the story that I\u8217\'92ve been told,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? Enlighten me, young Lord.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I couldn\u8217\'92t do the story justice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever seen the Erg for yourself?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have seen it. From the water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From the water, he says! You\u8217\'92ve been bit by Solitants, boy. Yes, I know their story. See how Solraheen\u8217\'92s golden light shimmers across Sand, they say. And think of the variety! Tidal dunes in the lee of hills, echoing dunes on the windward side. Crescent dunes, snake dunes, crater dunes rimmed with grass. Go to the Empty Portion and marvel at the rows of arcing dunes marching towards the horizon, or lose your mind at the sight of the perfectly flat and straight ridges line the Seedra. Stripes, domes, lizardfeet, hairpins, scallops, stars, all mounds of sand that vary in size in temperament. It rivals any family of flowers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They say that these dunes are pigment, that the wind is the brush, and that Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand is the hand which sets all things in motion. The Sand is alive, it moves and creates itself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they\u8217\'92re especially fond of saying that. They see the Sand as a Sparked being, alive as much as you and I. The Ergs drift across the desert, eat the rocks, and shit them out behind, the parts they can\u8217\'92t digest. You can hear the dunes howl if you stoop and listen. And the Solitants say all this to sell a lie, they say all you need to do to change the world is to plant a leg in the sand, as Solraheen planted His stick, and the wave you create can become a mountain. It\u8217\'92s a hopeful message. I hope you don\u8217\'92t believe it.\u8221\'94}}