{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conference of the Birds}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Attar}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {His date of birth is given by different authorities at various times between 1120 and 1157; modern writers have inclined towards the earlier date. Two manuscript copies of The Conference of the Birds give the date of its completion as 1177, and on internal evidence one would judge it to be the work of a writer well past his youth; this also suggests that a birth-date closer to 1120 than 1157 is likely }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Attar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s travels seem to have been undertaken more in the pursuit of knowledge than patronage; he boasted that he had never sought a king\u8217\'92s favour or stooped to writing a panegyric (this alone would make him worthy of note among Persian poets). Though The Conference of the Birds is about the search for an ideal, spiritual king, Attar obviously had a low opinion of most earthly rulers; he usually presents their behaviour as capricious and cruel, and at one point in the poem he specifically says it is best to have nothing to do with them. The knowledge he particularly sought was concerned with the biographies and sayings of Islamic saints; these he collected together in his prose work Tadhkirat al-Auliya (Memorials of the Saints), which became an important source book for later hagiographers.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain { After his wanderings he settled again in his home town, where he presumably kept his daru-khan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9. There is some evidence that late in his life he was tried for heresy \endash  reading The Conference of the Birds it is not difficult to see why, though the accusation was made against a different poem. The charge was upheld, Attar was banished and his property was looted. Edward G. Browne* points out that this was a not uncommon fate for Persian mystical poets to endure, and that in his last book, Lisanu\u8217\'92l Ghaib, Attar \u8216\'91compares himself to Nasir-e-Khosrow, who, like himself, \u8220\'93in order that he might not look on the accursed faces\u8221\'94 of his persecutors, retired from the world and \u8220\'93hid himself like a ruby in Badakhshan\u8221\'94.\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Sufism was an esoteric system, partly because it was continually accused of being heretical, partly because it was held to be incomprehensible and dangerous if expounded to those who had not received the necessary spiritual training. It was handed down within orders of adepts, who were forbidden to reveal the most important tenets of belief (though some occasionally did), from sheikh to pupil (throughout The Conference of the Birds the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sheikh\u8217\'92 denotes a spiritual leader, not a secular chief). Different sufis living at different times have clearly believed different things, and most sufi authors tend to retreat into paradox at crucial moments, either because they feel their beliefs are genuinely inexpressible by other means or because they fear orthodox reprisal. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The doctrine is elusive, but certain tenets emerge as common to most accounts. These, briefly, are: only God truly exists, all other things are an emanation of Him, or are His \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91shadow\u8217\'92; religion is useful mainly as a way of reaching to a Truth beyond the teachings of particular religions \endash  however, some faiths are more useful for this than others, and Islam is the most useful; man\u8217\'92s distinctions between good and evil have no meaning for God, who knows only Unity; the soul is trapped within the cage of the body but can, by looking inward, recognize its essential affinity with God; the awakened soul, guided by God\u8217\'92s grace, can progress along a \u8216\'91Way\u8217\'92 which leads to annihilation in God. The doctrine received its most extreme expression in the writings of the Spanish Arab pantheist Ibn Arabi, a contemporary of Attar, who maintained that the being of creation and the Creator are indivisible }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {sheikh was Majd ad-Din alBaghdadi (died 1219) of the Kubrawiya order }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {. Both, significantly enough, were representatives of the more extreme, antinomian and, to many of the orthodox, scandalous tendencies of sufism. }
\par\plain {He broke with the sufi tradition of secrecy and openly taught mystical doctrines; his most famous pronouncement, made while in a state of religious exaltation, was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I am the Truth\u8217\'92 (or even \u8216\'91I am God\u8217\'92: the relevant word, haq, can mean either \u8216\'91God\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91truth\u8217\'92). He was imprisoned for eight years, then tried and condemned to death; he was flogged, mutilated, hung on a gibbet and then decapitated; his body was burned and the ashes were scattered in the Tigris. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The statement \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I am the Truth\u8217\'92 was considered a declaration of the non-existence of the Self which has been re-absorbed into the true reality, i.e. God; his death was seen as a warning of the world\u8217\'92s hostility to sufism, which became ever more secretive, paradoxical and esoteric.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The poet Hafez goes so far as to imply that Hallaj died because he had revealed what should be hidden; that is, though to the orthodox his death may have been a punishment for blasphemy, to the sufis it was a punishment for the revelation of a mystery }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {. Like Hallaj, Bistami is said to have attained a state of annihilation in God, and like Hallaj he proclaimed the fact in utterances that scandalized the orthodox (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Glory to Me! How great is My majesty!\u8217\'92 \endash  he claimed to have had a vision of the throne of God and to have seen himself sitting on it). }
\par\plain {However, he escaped outright condemna tion, perhaps by feigning madness, and died in 874 in Bistam. His tomb was made into a very beautiful shrine by the Mongol Ilkhan Uljeitu in the early fourteenth century; much of this shrine still exists. A }
\par\plain {characterized by ghalaba (rapture, ecstasy) and sukr (intoxication); whereas that derived from al-Junaid is based on sobriety (sahw)\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain {Sufism was never simply a doctrine to which one intellectually assented; it was also a discipline for life, and its adepts followed a carefully prescribed \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Way\u8217\'92. To quote Trimingham again, \u8216\'91[readers unacquainted with the writings of sufis] could have no better introduction than Attar\u8217\'92s Manteq at-Tair (The Conference of the Birds) where the seven valleys traversed by the birds of the quest are: Search, Love, mystic Apprehension, Detachment/Independence, Unity, Bewilderment, and Fulfilment in Annihilation }
\par\plain {The purpose of the discipline\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 is to achieve purification. The aspirant has: to purify his nafs, i.e. his personality-self, from its inclination to shahawat, that is, the thoughts and desires of the natural man, and substitute these with love (mahabba); then he must be cast into the flames of passion (ishq) to emerge in the state of union (wusla) with transmutation of self (fana) through the gifts of dazzlement and wonder (haira) to everlastingness (baqa).\u8217\'92 Attar\u8217\'92s poem then is a description of the stages encountered by the adept of the sufis\u8217\'92 Way. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Though Attar treats his material in an entirely different way from Sana\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92i, it is possible that a shorter poem of Sana\u8217\'92i suggested the device of the birds to him. In Sana\u8217\'92i\u8217\'92s Divan there is a poem in which the different cries of the birds are interpreted as the birds\u8217\'92 ways of calling on or praising God. A second source may have been Kalila and Dimna. This extraordinarily popular work, also called The fables of Bidpai, originated in India and was translated into many languages. The Persian texts of Kalila and Dimna which survive are relatively late prose versions, but Rudaki, who lived early in the tenth century and was one of the first poets to write in Persian, made a verse translation of the work, which Attar could have known. Significantly enough, Rudaki used the same couplet form as Attar was later to use for The Conference of the Birds; but a direct influence is impossible to prove, because all but a few fragments of Rudaki\u8217\'92s poem have been lost. In Kalila and Dimna animals talk and act as humans; the fables usually have a moral point to them, and their narratives are allegories of human characteristics and failings. This is precisely the method of Attar\u8217\'92s Conference of the Birds, and the two works also show a similar kind of folksy humour. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Another work which probably influenced Attar when he came to write his poem is the short Arabic treatise The Bird by Avicenna. This is the first-person narrative of a bird (clearly representing the human soul) who is freed from a cage by other birds, and then flies off with his new companions on a journey to the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Great King\u8217\'92. The group flies over eight high mountain peaks before reaching the king\u8217\'92s court; there are a few moments when Attar seems to echo Avicenna\u8217\'92s imagery. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {For example, Persian has a phrase exactly equivalent to the English \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Be a man!\u8217\'92 (i.e. \u8216\'91Pull yourself together and face danger bravely!\u8217\'92); Attar often uses this phrase because he clearly has his true, human audience uppermost in his mind rather than the birds to whom the stories are supposed to be addressed. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The obscurities are there to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91allure\u8217\'92 the mind, and the ambiguities of the allegory are the \u8216\'91dark similitude\u8217\'92 which \u8216\'91will stick faster in the heart and head\u8217\'92. For example, Attar will tell a story about two people, one of whom is clearly God, the other the aspirant sufi, but just as the reader has worked out which is which he will find that he has to change his mind or suspend judgement; the long story with which the poem closes is a good example of this. The reader\u8217\'92s attempts to explain the allegory to himself are what make it \u8216\'91stick fast\u8217\'92 \line }
\par\plain {the Self is seen as an entity dependent on pride and reputation; there can be no progress until the pilgrim is indifferent to both, and the commonest way of making him indifferent is the experience of overwhelming love. Now the love Attar chooses to celebrate (and the stories that deal with love are easily the most detailed and the longest of the poem) is of a particular kind; it is always love that flies in the face of either social or sexual or religious convention. It may be love between a social superior and inferior (e.g. between a princess and a slave); it is very commonly homosexual love; or, as in the longest story of the poem (pp. 57\endash 75, about Sheikh Sam\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92an), it may be love between people of different religions. In each case the love celebrated is seen by the world as scandalous (it may be objected that homosexual love was not seen by medieval Islam as particularly scandalous, but it is forbidden in the Koran (iv. 20), and in The Conference of the Birds the anecdote about Shebli in the brothel (p. 93) shows that it was commonly thought of as shameful). The mention of scandal reminds us of the \u8216\'91scandalous\u8217\'92, i.e. blasphemous, aspects of the Khorasanian tradition of sufism to which Attar belonged; the \u8216\'91scandalous\u8217\'92 loves which Attar celebrates, their flouting of convention, are the allegorical counterpart of this spiritually \u8216\'91scandalous\u8217\'92 abandonment. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Attar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concern to demonstrate that the sufis\u8217\'92 truth exists outside of human conventions also appears in his predilection for stories in which a poor, despised person (a dervish or beggar) is shown as spiritually superior to a great lord or king; and, in common with other sufi poets, Attar will use words like \u8216\'91fool\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91idiot\u8217\'92 to mean \u8216\'91wise man\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91saint\u8217\'92. The most extreme examples of such an attitude occur in the section where he has pilgrims insulting God. Like many religious poets he loves paradox, as when he has a saint praying that God curse him (because the curse is God\u8217\'92s and thus preferable to a blessing from any other source), and this is part of the same habit of mind \endash  the need to insist that \u8216\'91normal\u8217\'92 apprehensions and expectations are questionable, to turn them inside out. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Readers acquainted with medieval European literature will not find Attar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s method unfamiliar; parallels such as The Owl and the Nightingale and Chaucer\u8217\'92s Parliament of Fowls immediately suggest themselves. Indeed, it is remarkable how close Attar\u8217\'92s poem frequently is in tone and technique to medieval European classics. Like Chaucer\u8217\'92s Canterbury Tales, it is a group of stories bound together by the convention of a pilgrimage, and as in Chaucer\u8217\'92s work the convention allows the author to present a panorama of contemporary society; both poems can accommodate widely differing tones and subjects, from the scatological to the exalted to the pathetic (and, occasionally, it must be admitted, the bathetic); both authors delight in quick character sketches and brief vignettes of quotidian life. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {His obsession with idolatory is part of a general Islamic concern, but in The Conference of the Birds, as in a great deal of sufi poetry, the true idol to be destroyed is the Self. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {weeps blood }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Further, narrative poetry depends on what the American poet Turner Cassity has called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91recitative\u8217\'92. We are used to short poems and expect them to function at a maximum of emotional intensity, like the arias of grand opera. One cannot maintain such intensity over hundreds of pages, and it would be wearying if one could. Narrative poetry needs its workaday recitatives between the arias, its simple conveying of the story from point a to point b. The heroic couplet has been one of the most successful means of effecting such \u8216\'91recitatives\u8217\'92 in English. For these reasons \endash  the similarity of the English form to the Persian (which gives the translator at least the chance of reproducing something of the tone and movement of the original) and the necessity of some fairly strict formal scheme if the poem\u8217\'92s meaning is not to be betrayed \endash  we have considered that any drawbacks which may come from eighteenthcentury associations are more than outweighed by the advantages. Our method of translation does, however, owe something to the eighteenth century; we have followed, more or less, the guide-lines set out in Alexander Fraser Tytler\u8217\'92s admirable Essay on the Principles of Translation (first published in 1791), with particular reference to the chapters on verse translation. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Like him avoid cruel Pharaoh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, and seek }
\par\plain {Your promised home on Sinai\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mountain peak. }
\par\plain {There you will understand unspoken words}
\par\plain { Too subtle for the ears of mortal birds. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The Self has swallowed you for its delight;}
\par\plain { How long will you endure its mindless spite? }
\par\plain {Cut off its head, seek out the moon, and fly}
\par\plain { Beyond the utmost limits of the sky;}
\par\plain { Escape this monster and become the friend}
\par\plain { Of Jonah in that ocean without end. }}