{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Twilight hour. Indian blue, water of glass, trees glistening and liquescent.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It is not Paris. It is not Coney Island. It is a crepuscular melange of all the cities of Europe and Central America. The railroad yards below me, the tracks black, webby, not ordered by the engineer but cataclysmic in design, like those gaunt fissures in the polar ice which the camera registers in degrees of black.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I like Van Norden but I do not share his opinion of himself. I do not agree, for instance, that he is a philosopher, or a thinker. He is cunt-struck, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all. And he will never be a writer. Nor will Sylvester ever be a writer, though his name blaze in 50,000-candle-power red lights. The only writers about me for whom I have any respect, at present, are Carl and Boris. They are possessed. They glow inwardly with a white flame. They are mad and tone deaf. They are sufferers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Moldorf, on the other hand, who suffers too in his peculiar way, is not mad. Moldorf is word drunk. He has no veins or blood vessels, no heart or kidneys. He is a portable trunk filled with innumerable drawers and in the drawers are labels written out in white ink, brown ink, red ink, blue ink, vermilion, saffron, mauve, sienna, apricot, turquoise, onyx, Anjou, herring, Corona, verdigris, gorgonzola\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 At night when I look at Boris\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 goatee lying on the pillow I get hysterical. O Tania, where now is that warm cunt of yours, those fat, heavy garters, those soft, bulging thighs? There is a bone in my prick six inches long. I will ream out every wrinkle in your cunt, Tania, big with seed. I will send you home to your Sylvester with an ache in your belly and your womb turned inside out. Your Sylvester! Yes, he knows how to build a fire, but I know how to inflame a cunt. I shoot hot bolts into you, Tania, I make your ovaries incandescent. Your Sylvester is a little jealous now? He feels something, does he? He feels the remnants of my big prick. I have set the shores a little wider. I have ironed out the wrinkles. After me you can take on stallions, bulls, rams, drakes, St. Bernards. You can stuff toads, bats, lizards up your rectum. You can shit arpeggios if you like, or string a zither across your navel. I am fucking you, Tania, so that you\u8217\'92ll stay fucked. And if you are afraid of being fucked publicly I will fuck you privately. I will tear off a few hairs from your cunt and paste them on Boris\u8217\'92 chin. I will bite into your clitoris and spit out two franc pieces\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Indigo sky swept clear of fleecy clouds, gaunt trees infinitely extended, their black boughs gesticulating like a sleepwalker. Somber, spectral trees, their trunks pale as cigar ash. A silence supreme and altogether European. Shutters drawn, shops barred. A red glow here and there to mark a tryst. Brusque the facades, almost forbidding; immaculate except for the splotches of shadow cast by the trees.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For the moment I can think of nothing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 except that I am a sentient being stabbed by the miracle of these waters that reflect a forgotten world.\~All along the banks the trees lean heavily over the tarnished mirror; when the wind rises and fills them with a rustling murmur they will shed a few tears and shiver as the water swirls by. I am suffocated by it. No one to whom I can communicate even a fraction of my feelings\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His dilemma is that of the dwarf. With his pineal eye he sees his silhouette projected on a screen of incommensurable size. His voice, synchronized to the shadow of a pinhead, intoxicates him. He hears a roar where others hear only a squeak.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 There is his mind. It is an amphitheater in which the actor gives a protean performance. Moldorf, multiform and unerring, goes through his roles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 clown, juggler, contortionist, priest, lecher, mountebank. The amphitheater is too small. He puts dynamite to it. The audience is drugged. He scotches it.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~He has offended me by his coarseness and then overwhelmed me with his delicacy. He has been voluble to the point of suffocation, then quiet as the Jordan.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Fear makes them fearless\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They chew and chew, but the words are chide and chicle is indigestible. Chicle is a base over which you sprinkle sugar, pepsin, thyme, licorice. Chicle, when it is gathered by\~chicleros,\~is O.K. The\~chicleros\~came over on the ridge of a sunken continent. They brought with them an algebraic language. In the Arizona desert they met the Mongols of the North, glazed like eggplants. Time shortly after the earth had taken its gyroscopic lean\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when the Gulf Stream was parting ways with the Japanese current. In the heart of the soil they found tufa rock. They embroidered the very bowels of the earth with their language. They ate one another\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrails and the forest closed in on them, on their bones and skulls, on their lace tufa. Their language was lost. Here and there one still finds the remnants of a menagerie, a brain plate covered with figures.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The talk drifts. It is difficult to follow Mr. Wren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind because he says nothing.\~He thinks as he goes along\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so Mrs. Wren puts it. Mrs. Wren puts everything about Mr. Wren in the loveliest light. \u8220\'93He thinks as he goes along\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 very charming, charming indeed, as Borowski would say, but really very painful, particularly when the thinker is nothing but a spavined horse.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 sitting down on a bench and squeezing my guts to stop the gnawing,\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~But we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re leaving in the morning! That\u8217\'92s what I tell every cunt I grab hold of\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 leaving in the morning!\~That\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m telling the blonde with agate-colored eyes. And while I\u8217\'92m telling her she takes my hand and squeezes it between her legs. In the lavatory I stand before the bowl with a tremendous erection; it seems light and heavy at the same time, like a piece of lead with wings on it. And while I\u8217\'92m standing there like that two cunts sail in\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Americans. I greet them cordially, prick in hand. They give me a wink and pass on. In the vestibule, as I\u8217\'92m buttoning my fly, I notice one of them waiting for her friend to come out of the can. The music is still playing and maybe Mona\u8217\'92ll be coming to fetch me, or Borowski with his gold-knobbed cane, but I\u8217\'92m in her arms now and she has hold of me and I don\u8217\'92t care who comes or what happens. We wriggle into the cabinet and there I stand her up, slap up against the wall, and I try to get it into her but it won\u8217\'92t work and so we sit down on the seat and try it that way but it won\u8217\'92t work either. No matter how we try it it won\u8217\'92t work. And all the while she\u8217\'92s got hold of my prick, she\u8217\'92s clutching it like a lifesaver, but it\u8217\'92s no use, we\u8217\'92re too hot, too eager.\~The music is still playing and so we waltz out of the cabinet into the vestibule again and as we\u8217\'92re dancing there in the shithouse I come all over her beautiful gown and she\u8217\'92s sore as hell about it. I stumble back to the table and there\u8217\'92s Borowski with his ruddy face and Mona with her disapproving eye. And Borowski says \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s all go to Brussels tomorrow,\u8221\'94 and we agree, and when we get back to the hotel I vomit all over the place, in the bed, in the washbowl, over the suits and gowns and the galoshes and canes and the notebooks I never touched and the manuscripts cold and dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But for how long? Willft last this time? Already I have a presentiment that it won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}