{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2022/04/inside-the-new-right-where-peter-thiel-is-placing-his-biggest-bets"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.vanityfair.com/news/2022/04/inside-the-new-right-where-peter-thiel-is-placing-his-biggest-bets}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 This New Right is heavily populated by people with graduate degrees, so there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a lot of debate about who is in it and whether or not it even exists. At one end are the NatCons, post-liberals, and traditionalist figures like\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Benedict Option}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~author Rod Dreher, who envision a conservatism reinvigorated by an embrace of localist values, religious identity, and an active role for the state in promoting everything from marriage to environmental conservation. But there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s also a highly online set of Substack writers, podcasters, and anonymous Twitter posters\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93our true intellectual elite,\u8221\'94 as one podcaster describes them. This group encompasses everyone from rich crypto bros and tech executives to back-to-the-landers to disaffected members of the American intellectual class, like\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Up in the Air}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~author Walter Kirn, whose fulminations against groupthink and techno-authoritarianism have made him an unlikely champion to the dissident right and heterodox fringe. But they share a the basic worldview: that individualist liberal ideology, increasingly bureaucratic governments, and big tech are all combining into a world that is at once tyrannical, chaotic, and devoid of the systems of value and morality that give human life richness and meaning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as Blake Masters recently put it, a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93dystopian hell-world.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Kirn didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to put a label on this movement, describing it as a \u8220\'93fractious family of dissenters\u8221\'94 when I called him at his home in Montana\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93a somewhat new, loose coalition of people whose major concern is that we not end up in a top-down controlled state.\u8221\'94 He told me he didn\u8217\'92t consider himself right wing and found some of the antidemocratic ideas he heard expressed in this sphere to be \u8220\'93personally chilling.\u8221\'94 But he described it as a zone of experimentation and free expression of a kind that was now closed off in America\u8217\'92s liberal mainstream. \u8220\'93They seem to want a war,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93The last thing I want is some kind of definitive ideological war which leaves out the heterodox, complicated, and almost naively open spirit of American politics.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Vance sits somewhere in between these two tendencies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at 37, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a venture capitalist who is young enough to be exposed to the dissident online currents. But he\u8217\'92s also shaped by the most deeply traditionalist thinking of the American right. He is friends with Yarvin, whom he openly cites as a political influence, and with Dreher, who was there when Vance was baptized into the Catholic Church in 2019. I\u8217\'92d been writing about militias and right-wing stirrings in the rural West for years, but I didn\u8217\'92t really understand how this alchemy worked until I first met him last July. I\u8217\'92d gone back to Ohio to see my uncle, who was dying of cancer. Vance and I both grew up around Cincinnati, immersed in a culture of white rural migrants who had come from coalfields and farm towns to look for work in the cities of the Midwest. We had met as a kind of experiment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I was going to be in town anyway, and because my uncle was sick, I was thinking a lot about the place and what it meant to me. On a whim, I asked an editor at a conservative magazine if I could write something from the perspective of a skeptical leftist. Vance suggested that we meet at a diner where my dad had often taken me as a kid. He was barely registering in the polls at the time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Vance believes that a well-educated and culturally liberal American elite has greatly benefited from globalization, the financialization of our economy, and the growing power of big tech. This has led an Ivy League intellectual and management class\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a quasi-aristocracy he calls \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the regime\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to adopt a set of economic and cultural interests that directly oppose those of people in places like Middletown, Ohio, where he grew up. In the Vancian view, this class has no stake in what people on the New Right often call the \u8220\'93real economy\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the farm and factory jobs that once sustained middle-class life in Middle America. This is a fundamental difference between New Right figures like Vance and the Reaganite right-wingers of their parents\u8217\'92 generation. To Vance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and he\u8217\'92s said this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 culture war is class warfare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Vance recently told an interviewer, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I gotta be honest with you, I don\u8217\'92t really care what happens to Ukraine,\u8221\'94 a flick at the fact that he thinks the American-led global order is as much about enriching defense contractors and think-tank types as it is about defending America\u8217\'92s interests. \u8220\'93I do care about the fact that in my community right now the leading cause of death among 18- to 45-year-olds is Mexican fentanyl.\u8221\'94 His criticisms of big tech as \u8220\'93enemies of Western civilization\u8221\'94 often get lost in the run of Republican outrage over Trump being kicked off Twitter and Facebook, though they go much deeper than this. Vance believes that the regime has sold an illusive story that consumer gadgets and social media are constantly making our lives better, even as wages stagnate and technology feeds an epidemic of depression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I wrote a piece that came across as critical of him. It expressed my deep hopelessness about the future of America. I figured he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d want nothing more to do with me. But the morning it was published he sent me a short, heartfelt email. He said that he\u8217\'92d been a bit \u8220\'93pained\u8221\'94 to read in the piece that my parents disliked him but said he\u8217\'92d like to talk more. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see you as a member of the elite because I see you as independent of their ideological strictures and incentives,\u8221\'94 he wrote. \u8220\'93But maybe I\u8217\'92m just saying that because I like you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Despair,\u8221\'94 he signed off, \u8220\'93serves the regime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 art of why}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~people have trouble describing this New Right is because it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a bunch of people who believe that the system that organizes our society and government, which most of us think of as normal, is actually bizarre and insane. Which naturally makes them look bizarre and insane to people who think this system is normal. You\u8217\'92ll hear these people talk about our globalized consumerist society as \u8220\'93clown world.\u8221\'94 You\u8217\'92ll often hear the worldview expressed by our media and intellectual class described as \u8220\'93the matrix\u8221\'94 or the \u8220\'93Ministry of Truth,\u8221\'94 as Thiel described it in his opening keynote speech to NatCon. It can be confusing to turn on something like the influential underground podcast\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Good Ol Boyz}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and hear a figure like Anton talk to two autodidact Southern gamers about the makeup of the regime, if only because most people reading this probably don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think of America as the kind of place that has a regime at all. But that\u8217\'92s because, as many people in this world would argue, we\u8217\'92ve been so effectively propagandized that we can\u8217\'92t see how the system of power around us really works.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This is not a conspiracy theory like QAnon, which presupposes that there are systems of power at work that normal people don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see. This is an idea that the people who work in our systems of power are so obtuse that they can\u8217\'92t even see that they\u8217\'92re part of a conspiracy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The fundamental premise of liberalism,\u8221\'94 Yarvin told me, \u8220\'93is that there is this inexorable march toward progress. I disagree with that premise.\u8221\'94 He believes that this premise underpins a massive framework of power. \u8220\'93My job,\u8221\'94 as he puts it, \u8220\'93is to wake people up from the Truman Show.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We spoke sharing a bench outside in the dark one evening, a few days into the conference. Yarvin is friendly and solicitous in person, despite the fact that he tends to think and talk so fast that he can start unspooling, reworking baroque metaphors to explain ideas to listeners who have heard them many times before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The problem here is one of human nature}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 - we want to exercise our free will. In many people this urge is extreme. But we are born into a world which we did not create, with rules we had no say in. Every facet of our lives. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One could say lets construct a society which maximalizes freedom. But to some these are rules which were not assented to. Rules which allow for the free movement of peoples - I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t agree to that. I don\u8217\'92t want some low IQ dark-skinned person living within sight of my pool. I would have voted against such a rule. And so they begin to harbor discontent with the established order.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This is why the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91cool\u8217\'92 always flips. It is universally cool to chart your own course, and the only way to discern that is in those who chart rebellion. Those pathfinders who decide to enjoy more familiar roads go unrecognized in their age because they are grouped together with the established order. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Calls for \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91do what you want\u8217\'92 become seen as unassented rules to be broken. The hipster rebels against freedom itself. I didn\u8217\'92t assent to a free world. What I want to do is be told what to do by the catholic church. I want to go back to monarchies and try that.\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Of course this is all fueled by human nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s implacability. One could be living in utopia and be driven mad by the lack of crowds, lack of lack of choice. for they have been robbed of the struggle aesthetic. Angels in heaven are jealous of the devils in hell, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the end I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really mind it. There is only one line - violence, and calls for violence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The tories got bodied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The confedrates got bodied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The nazis got bodied.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >Anecdotally, it seems like the US is bifurcating into two societies as the parties' coalitions divide along regional, class, education, religious, and racial lines. People's social circles are increasingly people who share similar political values. It's a lot easier to hate "the other side" when they're just a nebulous group of people you've never met and share little in common with. People aren't going to collaborate when they have to go out of their way to find people with differing political views.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~lived in Texas. It is very easy to hate Republicans even when one is surrounded by them. I'd say it's easy to hate Republicans\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 especially}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~when you're surrounded by them.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 I}{n my experience (and speaking as someone who grew up in a Republican area), the people who most strongly hate the Republicans are the people who grew up in places dominated by them.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 My left-leaning friends in San Francisco are a lot more sympathetic toward Republicans than any of my left-leaning friends in North Carolina were. They see Republicans as these frustrated, disenfranchised \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93poor white trash\u8221\'94 who\u8217\'92ve been neglected by \u8220\'93coastal elites,\u8221\'94 yet they\u8217\'92ve never had personal interactions with them.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I have to quickly remind them that, having grown up around them, this is just an equally condescending stereotype, and a fuck ton of them are just callous or straight-up hateful assholes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Three societies. 2020 was the highest election turnout since 1900 and even then, 34% of the eligible voter population didn't vote. Basically, America is split into three tribes of equal size but one of them minds its own business while the other two fight for power}{ }{\f0\fs24\b1 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When I first asked to speak with Yarvin, he requested that I prove my \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93professional seriousness as a current historian\u8221\'94 by \u8220\'93reading or at least skimming\u8221\'94 three books, and I complied. One of them,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Public Opinion}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~by Walter Lippmann \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a classic of the journalism school canon \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  describes how people can respond when their previous beliefs about how the world works are called into question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sometimes, if the incident is striking enough, and if he has felt a general discomfort with his established scheme, he may be shaken to such an extent as to distrust all accepted ways of looking at life, and to expect that normally a thing will not be what it is generally supposed to be,\u8221\'94 Lippmann wrote. \u8220\'93In the extreme case, especially if he is literary, he may develop a passion for inverting the moral canon by making Judas, Benedict Arnold, or Caesar Borgia the hero of his tale.\u8221\'94\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dynamic is that the obstructionism/small government types of the reagan thru bush years obliterated the functioning of government. Made it powerless. Now their children complain about the powerlessness of it all, want social programs, but instead of flocking to democrats they want to do their own thing, all because the cultural anchors in the democrat party - multiculturalism, feminism, fluid gender identity, don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t appeal to them. They are people who grew up in the asshole cutlure of the right, suffered from teh policies of the right, but didn\u8217\'92t attribute it to the right.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Institutions gain trust through sheer endurance, a constancy of identy. When taht identity changes, people lose trust.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}