{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f7\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t afford to wear the flesh on his bones.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why would I provide you the emotional labor of giving you an answer??? }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shakes his hands violently. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What are you doing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I love the feeling of blood tingling my veins.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heads of states: it would be terribly escalatory and immoral to target heads of state for assassination. Let's shovel thousands of 18 year olds to kill each other in the mud and us leaders can have diplomatic feasts in palaces and mansions like civilised people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some people (fools) actually buy this. It's called skin in the game chumps. Heads of state should be the number one target for every conflict.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gilgamesh \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Send your carcass to the knacker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and I shall share out your meat in baskets to the widows\u8217\'92 sons who are citizens of my city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's day 1023 of the culture war.\line I've taken to signing my bombs with the message, "Art is not subjective". Harbell disagreed and we had to kill him.\line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Witch-cult-Western-Europe-Study-Anthropology-ebook/dp/B0082XG3Q2/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.amazon.com/Witch-cult-Western-Europe-Study-Anthropology-ebook/dp/B0082XG3Q2/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 &linkCode=ll1&tag=ancienthist0b-20&linkId=c53439bea9b105fed0aa50b86b187faf&language=en_US}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Witch-cult in western europe}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Olydore}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although she\~was rated as\~seaworthy enough and Wichelo had been her master for\~several years, she was not a specialised stone-carrier like the ancient Roman\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lithegoi,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~nor is there any evidence that she had been used for a similar purpose before. Inexpert lading of the sarcophagus could have greatly affected her sailing characteristics. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s possible to imagine how, being blown suddenly towards shore on a southwesterly coastal route from Livorno towards Gibraltar, Wichelo could have ordered her crew to to change course south with the wind to larboard, a manoeuvre that might normally have saved the day but with the ship heeling over could have caused the sarcophagus to shift, making recovery impossible. Instead of being driven against the shore, she could have swamped in deep water close to the coast \endash  off Cartagena the rocky shoreline drops off quickly to abyssal depth \endash  leaving only flotsam to wash ashore, and thwarting all attempts in modern times to discover her in depths accessible to compressed-air divers.  }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He mistakes his own ignorance for a corruption in others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When purl laughs, she covers her mouth, as if to prevent it from escaping.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skin tone, golden ochre, mousey brown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he exclaimed ??? Comma???}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The horse reared slightly, its body a tense arc of muscle and bone. It wanted to run, and for a moment, he wanted to let it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wanted to let the animal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s panic swallow him, carry him out of this courtyard, this light, this heat. But he forced his knees into its sides, a motion as automatic as his breathing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn you,\u8221\'94 he muttered under his breath, though it wasn\u8217\'92t clear if the words were for the horse, for the figures, or for himself.  \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  what the fuck was this from???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the words more spit than sound }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "nobody goes there anymore; it's too crowded" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peeople see thing wrong with you that you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. Like hair on fire. Or bug on the back of your collar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s probably illegal, but it definitely isn\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He is labor market american. THe glue that holds all the disparate parts of america together. college educated. sweetharts can't live near both sets of parents at once so they diffuse, and the glue spreads.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Orthodox test for virginity - sit on a wine barrel, and the scent of the wine came out from their breath, she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a virgin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That there is an egg laying chicken}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our biology requires a self that is in reference to other selves. But people are finniky, flakey, selfish, cruel, or absent alltogether. So when that network breaks down, the self falls into oblivion. It can be helpful, as a coping mechanism, to invent an imaginary friend. But how to get through it without an imaginary friend?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Person whose mood reflects the state of the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Writing is the most unhealthy of all art forms. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think its something people should aspire to be. Its like aspiring to be overweight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 may be subjecting their prose to the vicissitudes of a 'text-spinner,' }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Life is putting one foot in front of the other, but he thinks a million things in between each step.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Italics do not do justice to the wolfish insistence with which Wylie uttered the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93please.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/DuvalCounty/comments/1djhvzp/curt_been_out_for_a_month_and_already_back_locked"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.reddit.com/r/DuvalCounty/comments/1djhvzp/curt_been_out_for_a_month_and_already_back_locked}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The resin poisons the flesh\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t do anything right\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because you keep moving around. Never get the knowledge. Only reason we I cn do right is because I failed and kept goin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orhan Pamuk and Sally Rooney and Salman Rushdie and Saul Bellow, Italo Calvino and Borges and Naipaul and Nabokov }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When fentanyl came in, people weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t getting that dopey, opiate, noddy feeling. You don\u8217\'92t get that. So they added the tranq in, which gives you that dopey feeling.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He has Survivors guilt from wars he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s never been in. Wars from 500 years ago. What cosmic cruelty determined they should die young,but he should get everything he wanted?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 surfeit of convoluted expression }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 go crawl back up into your mothers womb to finish gestating.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Webster\u8217\'92s Dictionary defines \u8216\'91Psych\u8217\'92 as\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayn rand institute on taking socials security:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It goes on to pretty much say, "Only people who oppose it are morally justified in taking it. People who support it, support plundering their neighbors and should be excluded." Bonkers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t one of the bench players simply run onto the field }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not allowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But who cares? Just go on and score!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not in the rules.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I would go in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gork getting stomped by visage - calls him bad because he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For people not into cooking, a roux is a 1:1 by mass mixture of flour and fat that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cooked (to reduce the flour-y flavor) and used as a thickener. You do have to be careful about how you integrate it with liquids, just dumping everything together will cause it to not incorporate and you\u8217\'92ll end up with lumpy or gritty texture. It's a VERY VERY VERY common cooking tool, in both French and other cuisines. Three of the five "mother sauces" (sauces from which all other sauces in french cuisine are traditionally derived) use roux as a key ingredient. Dismissing everybody that uses roux is like... I dunno, being a visual artist and claiming that everybody who uses paint is an idiot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The original post\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s OP\u8217\'92s Mac and cheese sauce has \u8220\'93broken\u8221\'94 meaning that the oils and solids have separated (because it was too hot and the casein in the cheese broke down), giving it a clumpy texture. AFAIK you can\u8217\'92t truly fix this once the sauce is broken, but you could disguise it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other poster is advocating for a more complicated niche chemical emulsifier, sodium citrate. This actually isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an insane idea, sodium citrate is what\u8217\'92s used to keep American-style processed cheeses smooth and is stable over a wide range of temperatures. Butttt it\u8217\'92s not a terribly helpful suggestion here as most people don\u8217\'92t keep it in their pantry and the poster is kinda being an ass about it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxvTPzpe7Gg"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxvTPzpe7Gg}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy lies about someone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - you know its happening somewhere to someone, so really its not a lie.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bukele will learn what the Venezuelan and Cuban public already knows: your diktats are insignificant next to the power of the market.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Supply shortages don't magically disappear just because you impose price controls.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Disparity can also just mean that food is abundant, because it takes a lot of food to fuel the adolescent male growth spurt. If food is a limiting factor at that age, adult men and women will be similar heights as adults.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The article doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t discuss the abundance explanation but counters it anyway by emphasizing that the height dimorphism among northerners happened together with nutritional stress during development.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t discuss whether male and female skeletons displayed equal rates of nutritional stress.\line }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t discuss the ages at which nutritional stress was experienced (toddlerhood vs adolescence).\line }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t discuss the possibility of seasonal nutritional stress due to food shortages in the spring, but recovery with abundant food the rest of the year.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, interesting but I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d need to know more.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I do the hard narcotics for escape. I do the psychadelics for learning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THat buffaloed him. He thought it was a stupied mistake.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Attack on liberalism: }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/zMRLeJsOHIo?t=820"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://youtu.be/zMRLeJsOHIo?t=820}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We thought it could withstand the slaps.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoXdrzB29uE"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoXdrzB29uE}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~"That's a lie" is followed by "prove I'm lying". It's a fun little game tbh. I don't ever set out to 'win'. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did not assemble the bomb, but shortened the fuse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every lie is a truth, from a certain point of view.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a constrained, intertemporal, stochastic optimization problem }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thiel is the end-state of most casual libertarians, who use the label because they like to shop around for ideological justification for their preconceived biases. They tend to settle on some flavor of the Rothbardian ancap spectrum because it's developed enough they don't have to do any real thinking, and they like its distribution of political power according to the current static wealth hierarchy. Of course, these people rarely have to confront where their biases interfere with actual libertarian principles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thiel has achieved what can only be described as the final form, what-I-feel-validates-my-biases-ism, by discarding any associative label and embracing full ideological inconsistency in order to never admit that he's been meaningfully wrong.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In general, the premise that there are any sciences which are truly "pure" and which may be inherently trusted is kind of the bad beginning of a lot of the anti-econ claptrap online. I work in another scientific field, and if you go deep into the academic lit, you will find human errors, hubris, earnest oversights, and all the stupid squishy human factors that are inevitable when humans are doing your science for you. This will be true for all fields, but I think some folks like to imagine that "science" is some sort of purified, always-correct thing which defies those limits, and for some reason, econ in particular sticks in those folks' craws. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A nonexhaustive representative sampling of the topics covered includes: central bank operations, how long human civilization has existed, the currency denomination of trade in the early modern period, the causes of the fall of Rome, Bretton Woods, the fiscal profligacy of LBJ\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Great Society programs, the creation of the eurodollar, the internal mental states of 70\u8217\'92s Keynesian economists, the origins of the petrodollar, the operation of foreign exchange markets, the Volcker shock, Newtonian mechanics and gravity wells, derivatives and the rise of modern hedge funds, the causes of the Bolshevik revolution, the origins and motivations of the Federal Reserve, and TARP. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 YOINK but replace crazy with dumb sumerian stuff}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Abu Fadll al-Dimashqi specifically warned against a merchant investing in "philosophical books [since these] are bought only by wise men and scholars, most of whom are poor, and whose numbers are few."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Olivia Constable - Trade and Traders in Muslim Spain}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death as ending for making room}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Universe dies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Universe is supposed to die to make room for a better version}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WAY to identify bullshit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - not being able to control your farts = bring up esoteric shit for no reason.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hidebound reactionary }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xh9wRZqtAsI"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xh9wRZqtAsI}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ~13 mins - stressed,sqeezed wood from incision will soak up ink and swell, causing a once-thin line to expand and become thick. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s why you have knife with once side flat, one side beveled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a swordsmen with one side flat, one side beveled because of the way the cut draws blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rembrandt was using japanese paper for printmaking before the japanese were. ukioyoe}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUpLl7BZ_JY"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUpLl7BZ_JY}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cost of the canvas vigram paints on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mulberry fiber. Thick and strong and smooth. The paper itself could afford a slave. The depth and richness to allow undertones to show through.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think the "minor post-Ricardian" line on Marx rings most true to my ear. Marx had a (or, probably, several across his life, given the difficulties reconciling his work) concept of\~a\~what we might now call a general equilibrium model that was rooted in a value theory. He made some attempt to explain tendencies in prices, and to attempt to explain the (at the time assumed to be inherently real) tendency of the rate of profit to fall. Obviously, we've stopped attempting to solve the diamonds-and-water paradox by saying "one has more X involved in it, thus it is more valuable", so this was a largely defunct line of intellectual inquiry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Overall, his work doesn't really influence modern econ, but people who were influenced by Marx were behind some interesting models and advancements, and modern concepts of monopsonistic labour markets definitely have some of their origins in those people. Does old Karl deserve credit for that? Well, I suppose as much as some of the old Austrian Marginalists. Which is to say "in my opinion, only to a small extent", but some might disagree.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anglo saxon legend - grendel - merch stapper- border walker- boundary crosser}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I only live on this planet because my parents live here. To be near my family.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maize mixed with slaked lime.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 War mongering coward }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Up-and-walking good}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A whig was a scottish cattle driver. A tory was an irish catholic horsetheif.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did we lose?\u8221\'94\line \u8220\'93THey stabbed us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its all in the delivery - comedy and giving birth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The works of the roots of the vines, of the trees, must be destroyed to keep up the price, and this is the saddest, bitterest thing of all. Carloads of oranges dumped on the ground. The people came for miles to take the fruit, but this could not be. How would they buy oranges at twenty cents a dozen if they could drive out and pick them up?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Grapes of Wrath}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , John Steinbeck}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The poet Mandrameen believed that the empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s religions were all distortions of the Truth, but even so, they were our only way to access it. As such, he taught that any honest seeker of theTruth must be a practitioner of all religions. For this he built an analogy out of the famous Library of Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If an artist were locked inside and wanted to paint a perfectly accurate picture of the marble Pillar of Saulistides which stands out in the garden, the artist must look through the building\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s windows to see it - windows whose glass was fogged and warped with age. In the one window pane, the pillar would appear stretched. In another it would seem waved. In yet another it was so curved that the friezes of Saulistedes\u8217\'92 armies which wrapped around the marble seemed to climb up into the sky. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since each window pane distorted the Pillar in its own peculiar way, it would be a mistake for the artist to paint their picture using only the information gleaned from a single view. The artist should instead move from window to window, from distortion to distortion, averaging out the truth of the Pillar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shape from the lies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was how Mandrameen practiced religion - by moving from one religion to another, averaging out the true shape of Reality from ancient myths so distorted with age. He would consider them together, and start with their similarities instead of their differences. From this exercise he found what he believed was the core of every religion: a story to explain the existence and nature of suffering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Cult of the Dreamer, for example, believed that all suffering is caused by nightmares that emerge from the minds of those who still sleep in the Waking Dream. Only those who recognize the Dream for what it is - a fabrication or an illusion - can achieve Lucidity and escape these nightmares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Soleans believed that we were created by their gods to be slaves. Suffering comes into play because Sol and his mistress Luna intentionally created us with certain particular deficiencies which keep us angry at each other instead of angry at gods themselves. Chief among these faults were an abundance of lust (Libis), innate love for those who are kin and hatred for those who are not (Paroch), and an insatiable desire to improve our own personal status (Egos). Even kings are never happy with what they have and who they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re fucking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Kalemites believed that we were once a link in the Great Chain of Being, once part of an indistinguishable whole. However, the profane lure of individuality caught a hold of one of the Number, and so this misguided soul severed its link to the Chain, spawning all life on earth, dooming us and the animals to loneliness, to an existence where our minds can }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Creationism and the rich - ever more elaborate narratives to justify their special place in the world. Ray dalio\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural selection.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dalio asks his minions for honest feedback, including on his own performance. He does not often get it, of course. Paul McDowell, tasked with designing the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Principles Operating System,\u8221\'94 Copeland writes, \u8220\'93assigned an underling to go into the software and program a new rule. Dalio himself would be the new baseline for believability in virtually all important categories. As the original, topmost believable person at Bridgewater, Dalio\u8217\'92s rating was now numerically bulletproof to negative feedback. Regardless of how everyone else in the firm rated him, the system would work to keep him on top.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is one point in the book in which Dalio is publicly questioned by an employee at a Bridgewater town hall, and reverts to the wealthy guy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ultimate retort: \u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re so smart, why aren\u8217\'92t you rich?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interest rates were going up and down like a whores drawers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The true tragedy of tragic choices is that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re unchosen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the deformity worsens, pits, nodules, fissures, lobulations, and pedunculation contort the nose }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 For evolution to occur, you need selection and death.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Fresher in the middle}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Lubitz + Dorner/Plainpicture}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a surprise lying deep beneath your feet. Physicists have calculated that the centre of the Earth is two-and-a-half years younger than its surface, thanks to the effects of gravity as described by general relativity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Penn - everything in a magic show has to be, in some way, plausible. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the kind of trick that would be horrible in a live show because its the \u8216\'91too perfect\u8217\'92 concept. If a trick is so perfect that there\u8217\'92s only the one way you did it, then that\u8217\'92s the way you did it.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Classical Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(1796) }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Book - extraordinary popular delusions and the madness of crowds}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 to have paint be something other than colored dirt. Principle of the universe here. The illusion is sacred.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 don\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t want to see all his art at once because then there\u8217\'92s nothing left.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of my early bosses taught me an important lesson after I spent a couple weeks working on an investment proposal. It was for like $10-20k. When I showed it to him, he basically said I wasted my time and the company's money. The amount of time and effort to determine the perfect decision was more expensive than just taking a guess and buying what seems good, failing, and buying something else if it didn't work.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line A land of unfinished works because finished works dont pay. - italy mafia}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Idea for Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scribe tradtion who are constantly rewritting her notes and prophecies, maintaining them in the library of pell. Because she\u8217\'92s lived so long that the documents fall apart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 idea for a bone cult; inedible parts are inedible because they are reserved for the gods. The more inedible, the more the gods want them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even is an odd word}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sagan:\line }{\f4\fs20\b0\i0 "One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92ve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We\u8217\'92re no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. It\u8217\'92s simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that we\u8217\'92ve been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back. "}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f4\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beach break, boils of sand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All religions are wrong. All knowledge of god is wrong. As soon as you close your fingers with words, god slips out of your hand, but even that is to close your fingers. A paradox.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inquisition stopped because the heretics ran out of money to take.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.unpopularfront.news/p/the-jockcreep-theory-of-fascism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.unpopularfront.news/p/the-jockcreep-theory-of-fascism}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fascism as its own ideal-type can be understood as a synthesis between the Jock-Douche and the Creep-Loser: a cult of sheer physical of strength and action wedded to a wounded and brooding consciousness of impotence and humiliation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the novices waited in an adjoining room, the brothers assembled in the ceremonial room of the lodge. The Master took his place at the front of the room beneath the baldachin flanked on either side by two Knights wearing white robes and helmets adorned with horns and leaning on their swords. In front of these sat the Treasurer and Secretary wearing white masonic sashes, while the Herald took up his position in the centre of the room. At the back of the room in the grove of the Grail stood the Bard in a white gown, before him the master of Ceremonies in a blue gown, while the other lodge brothers stood in a semicircle around him as far as the tables of the Treasurer and Secretary. Behind the move of the " Grail was a music room where a harmonium and piano were accompanied by a small choir of 'forest elves'.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ceremony began with soft harmonium music, while the brothers sang the Pilgrims' Chorus from Wagner's\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Tannhauser}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The ritual commenced in candlelight with brothers making the sign of the swastika and the Master reciprocating. Then the blindfolded novices, clad in pilgrimage mantles, were ushered by the Master of Ceremonies into the room. Here the Master told them of the Order's Ario-Germanic and aristocratic\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Weltanschauung,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~before the Bard lit the sacred flame in the grove and the novices were divested of their mantles and blindfolds. At this point the Master seized Wotan's spear and held it before him, while the two Knights crossed their swords upon it. A series of calls and responses, accompanied by music from Wagner, completed the oath of the novices. Their consecration followed with cries from the 'forest elves' as the new brothers were led into the grove of the Grail around the Bard's sacred flame.?' With the ritual personifying lodge officers as archetypal figures in Germanic mythology, this ceremonial must have exercised a potent influence on the candidates.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because natural selection is not the only evolutionary force - it is countered by genetic drift and mutation. Genetic drift can overwhelm selection if the number of replicators grows small. For example, if every year there is some set probability you die to some chance event, then the number of individuals alive at increasingly older age classes becomes smaller and smaller until eventually genetic drift is the only force acting on that age class. If a mutation occurs that doesn't effect you until you reach a certain age class, then so long as that age class is in the "shadow of selection," as it's known, then selection cannot purge it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The onset of selection's shadow depends on the age of reproduction. This is why organisms that reach sexual maturity very quickly senesce much sooner than those who don't reach reproductive maturity until later.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Modern theory geology - actualism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  I never said I could destroy you. You would need integrity for me to be able to do that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dead hands dig deep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxZpEFJhO6k"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxZpEFJhO6k}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Thomas Ligotti}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(born July 9, 1953) is an American\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horror_film"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 horror}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~author, lay\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophy"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 philosopher}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and writer. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cioran dismissed abstract speculation in favor of personal reflection and passionate lyricism. "I invented nothing. I've been the one and only secretary of my own sensations," he later said }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tiered metaphor- \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We get it poets; things are like other things.\u8221\'94 _ if that\u8217\'92s all your metaphor is doing, it is perhaps not good. But if the metaphor is used in service of meaning greater than the sum of parts, then it is good - like it speaks to the charachter thinking it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Epilogetics}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - counterpoint to apologetics}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 kategoria}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , or accusation }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the Lordship because they laid claim to all the world, even the uninhabited parts. THe uninhabited is especially important to claim.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 trump voter - can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see anything outside of his mirror}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ladies in my small group advised me to start hitting my year old son when he didn't want to go in his car seat because "his heart was in rebellion against Jesus and I needed to break his will." }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The families we knew used jumbo glue sticks to hit their kids since the sticks had some slack to them and hurt more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wrote a letter to the Sunday school teacher questioning biblical spanking and was told not to question the leaders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When a woman who was in an emotionally unhealthy and abusive relationship went to the pastor for help, he told her to stay because she didn't have grounds for divorce and then when she left him they turned their back on her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I needed help for a friend, I was told to speak with the church "biblical counselor" who was different than a run of the mill Christian counselor. Christian counselors believed in psychology whereas our counselor didn't. He told me the 5 steps of grief were man-made and if we were angry at God there was a major problem with our hearts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We had to be baptized by immersion only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Constant focus on the kids ugly hearts and getting to the "heart issues"...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Politician woman - Thievery - Everybody steals, but only idiots get caught. So really, what the law outlaws is being an idiot. You\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re not an idiot, are you? Set some goals for yourself. Be a better class of criminal. getting caught}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bull height at the withers}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (S}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 vengali) would either fawn or bully, and could be grossly impertinent. He had one kind of cynical humour, which was more offensive than amusing, and always laughed at the wrong thing, at the wrong time, in the wrong place, and his laughter was always derisive, and full of malice }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My reading recommendations on the origin of life for people without college chemistry, are;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hazen, RM 2005 "Gen-e-sis" Washington DC: Joseph Henry Press}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deamer, David W. 2011 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First Life: Discovering the Connections between Stars, Cells, and How Life Began\u8221\'94 University of California Press.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They are a bit dated, but are readable for people without much background study.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you have had a good background, First year college; Introduction to Chemistry, Second year; Organic Chemistry and at least one biochem or genetics course see;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deamer, David W. 2019 "Assembling Life: How can life begin on Earth and other habitable planets?" Oxford University Press.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hazen, RM 2019 "Symphony in C: Carbon and the Evolution of (Almost) Everything" Norton and Co.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Note: Bob Hazen thinks his 2019 book can be read by non-scientists. I doubt it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nick Lane 2015 "The Vital Question" W. W. Norton & Company}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nick Lane spent some pages on the differences between Archaea and Bacteria cell boundary chemistry, and mitochondria chemistry. That could hint at a single RNA/DNA life that diverged very early, and then hybridized. Very interesting idea!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nick Lane 2022 "Transformer: The Deep Chemistry of Life and Death" W. W. Norton & Company}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In this book Professor Lane is focused on the chemistry of the Krebs Cycle (and its\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 reverse) for the existence of life, and its\u8217\'92 origin. I did need to read a few sections more than once.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Accordian cut - butterfly cut meat - smoked, slt cured,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Parched corn}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dig up barrel of salted meat out of the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deadfall branches - dried out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pemmican - thin dried slices across the grain. Dried completely. Pounded into a fiber, pulverised, mixed with suet - 2-1 meat to suet. Suet covering meat fibers - to prevent air and moisture getting in. Placed in leather bag - hide of the bison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corn meal and lard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want it to be tasty so that you eat it all up at once. You could eat it raw, but usually you prepared a dish - soup called roobabo, stew. Root vegetables.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stringy}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is valuable about christianity - gives people the impluse to not get lost in their anguish and guilt - if not by man, they are forgiven by god himself, so they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t idle around.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heidegger rejected the "biologically grounded racism" of the Nazis, replacing it with linguistic-historical heritage.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Heidegger#cite_note-FOOTNOTEWheeler2020%C2%A73.5-128"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 122]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 by living according to the principle of race [the Jews] had themselves promoted the very reasoning by which they were now being attacked and so they had no right to complain when it was being used against them by the Germans promoting their own racial purity.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The emergelectic - not progressing towards a specific goal, undirected - even as rational beings, it is undirected, because each individual has a private world - ideas are not safe and secure from external work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every great idea was pushed back against. Every one. And look what happened!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This idiot is arguing that because people say he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrong, that must mean he\u8217\'92s right!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On 3 October, Dafydd was drawn through the streets of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shrewsbury"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shrewsbury}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to his place of execution, attached to a horse's tail. There he was hanged until losing consciousness, then revived, disembowelled, eviscerated, and made to watch as his entrails burned before him for "sacrilege in committing his crimes in the week of Christ's passion" (Easter) }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was an area where, as at wadi kubbaniya, foragers relied heavily on seasonally flooded embayents, places where catfish and tilapia  gathered and dense mats of purple nut grass grew.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jarawa were ambushed so often that, though they usually went around naked, they took to wearing bark armor to ward off arrows.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambushes of this kind are too small-scale to be considered war, but they can be nasty, and once begun they can turn into blood feuds that can last for years. While blood feuds tend to arise with clans, there are exceptions to this rule of thumb. In areas of rich resources like those of the tropical Andaman Islands, described later, even clanless foragers could}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0  \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93afford to make enemies of their neighbors,\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  as Kelly puts it. In the case of Jebel Sahaba, however, we believe that we are dealing with societies with clans. One reason is that the site was a cemetery.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re rich and wealthy - you can afford to have enemies}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aborigines did not believe there was such a thing as inevitable natural death. Death resulted either from homicide or witchcraft.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cooking sedge bulbs in hot ashes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While many tribes had enemies for neighbors, there was one person who could travel widely without fear of death: the sacred messenger. The messenger might, for example, be carrying the red-painted forearm bone of a deceased relative,. Owing to his sacred mission, the meessenger could not be harmed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Andaman girl wearing her sisters skull like a backpack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because the Aka-Bea and Jarawa spoke different dialects, it was difficult for them to hold peacemaking ceremonies. In areas where there was no such language barrier, the Islanders did negotiate truces. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Examples of overkill were frequent. A middle-aged man, Burial 21, had been hit with 19 flints; projectiles were found in the top of his pelvis, his forearm, his lower leg, his rib cage, and the base of his neck. One young woman, Burial 44, had been hit with 21 flints; three of these were probably the barbs of a spear that penetrated her face and reached the base of her skull. Nor were children spared. Two youngsters interred together, Burials 13 and 14, had flints in their neck vertebrae, each probably representing a\~coup de gr\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2ce.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If they cared for the woman, why rape the woman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 honor restoring}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Killing women and raping them restores honor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a really good documentary about Banaz Mahmod honor killing case 10 years back}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is pretty good in understanding about this honor stuff}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It stems from that women our property so we will never let our property go away it belongs to us}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Banaz Mahmod was 16 when she was married to some 40 year old man in United Kingdom}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He raped her, she started to meet the other guy, then she left that 40 year pdfile, and then she was raped by her own "cousins" one by one and then killed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 so this process let the Iraqi family restore their honor in the society and family back home in iraq}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Western Countries need to save themselves from this crap and extremism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such concept of "Honor" is still widely exists in (South)Asia, Arab, Africa}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 just few days back a father killed her daughter and her boyfriend to save the honor}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 such backward ass ideology needs to be thrown out of this country and also out of this world}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Success selects for people who can handle insults and critique.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I love clint but honestly deserved. (Never watched him or any of his content) }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Quote\u8221\'94 - probably someone other than Jansparine.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 What\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s in your genome - Laurence Moran.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She hobbled over to where Mandri stood. She held the torch up over his head, then waved it from side to side, as if the light playing over his features revealed something truer about him than simple fear. When her eyes flitted towards his stomach he realized what she was really looking at. What she really studied were the threads of purpose binding him to everything else, binding him to Obo. He knew that she could see them, even if he could not, and she studied them with an artist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye. While the artist\u8217\'92s eye is the same as the lover's eye, it\u8217\'92s also the same as the covetous eye, the jealous eye, the hateful eye, it is noticing to remember, often called beholding, and Mandri did not like to be held by anyone, much less a sneering old crone with a wild eye peering up at him from under the shadow of her cowl.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_H::1>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his enthusiasm and need, has made some very strange statements.<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hey you're not gonna believe this! Bill Maher is giving away the solutions to all our problems for free!" -Norm Macdonald }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch \f2\fs48\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You are right in demanding that an artist should take an intelligent attitude to his work, but you confuse two things: solving a problem and stating a problem correctly. It is only the second that is obligatory for the artist." Letter to Suvorin, 27 October 1888.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/6408"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Letters of Anton Chekhov.}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch \f2\fs48\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs48\b1\i0 Dr. Darren Staloff, Rorty's Neo Pragmatism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Truth is a compliment you pay to a sentence that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s working for you.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m an anti-hegalian.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great to be poor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great to be a millionaire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The middle class pays to keep the show running. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re the natural targets. They\u8217\'92ll take it. They\u8217\'92ll grumble and complain but they\u8217\'92ll take it. It\u8217\'92s the rich and poor who are murdrerous.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 EstateTaxcels malding}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Popsiclechads stay winning}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 something something '}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 spending a year dead for tax reasons' }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like a scab you know you shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t scratch, but it feels so good.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I do not ask that you be intelligent. What is more precious than intelligence is an awareness of the level of one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own intellgience.  If you are a moron, and you accept that you are a moron, I will love you infinitely more than the most intelligent man who does not realize that even he as significant limitations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Darth Dawkins: I just asked you a straightforward question. Stop prevaricating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Example of someone framing a question which requires a response.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Is the sky blue?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It depends on the time of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Stop prevaricating! Is it blue!? A simple  yes or no!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For someone who wasnt\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 born yesterday, he sure whines on the baby.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He will dron on talking for 5 minutes, and after all that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re just to answer yes or no.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scene where hes asking yes or no, yes or no. Flips the script and says is the sky blue yes or no. He says, stop evading the question.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No such thing as cheatin\u8217\'92 death,\u8221\'94 she said. She spat a wad of goo into the sand. \u8220\'93If there was, then everyone been cheatin\u8217\'92 death every moment of their lives. Shit, since you been sittin\u8217\'92 there you breathed \u8216\'91bout a hundred times\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s a hundred deaths you just put off, but I don\u8217\'92t see you thankin\u8217\'92 luck for the miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Breathing is not a miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell that to folks that can\u8217\'92t breathe. Friend of mine once died when she was sleepin\u8217\'92. Wasp flew straight in her open mouth and stung her in the dangly bit. Thing swole up the size of a pigs uglies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An\u8217\'92 it could happen to you. Could happen any given moment, but I don\u8217\'92t see you prostratin\u8217\'92 yourself every second, thankin\u8217\'92 luck for keepin\u8217\'92 the damn wasps from uggin\u8217\'92 up your throat.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creaking bleats of the clapper rail.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lorgnettes can typically be identified as a pair of spectacles on the end of a handle.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorgnette#cite_note-Rosenthal1996Lorgnettes-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~There are many types and forms of the lorgnette. The handles of a lorgnette may vary in length or may be incorporated in various decorative or functional ways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lorgnettes were made from a range of different materials including\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tortoiseshell"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 tortoise shell}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , horn,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silver"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 silver}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gold"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 gold}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , enamel, and various kinds of jewels.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorgnette#cite_note-:4-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Many lorgnettes had handles which also served as a protective case for the lenses to fold into, therefore making it easier to carry around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fan lorgnette and the double lorgnette are examples of variations of the lorgnette.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fan lorgnette is an accessory where the lorgnette is hidden in the fan and used to inconspicuously observe others.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorgnette#cite_note-:3-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~An unusual variant of the fan lorgnette is the French/Spanish \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Flirtation Fan\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Eventail Cocarde\u8221\'94 which has a unique use of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mirror"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mirrors}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and methods of opening and closing.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorgnette#cite_note-:3-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A double lorgnette (also known as dual purpose lorgnette) consists of two pairs of spectacle\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lens"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 lenses}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of different power, typically one for\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Far-sightedness"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 far-sighted vision}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and one for\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Near-sightedness"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 near-sighted vision.{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 7]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tension between being fruitful and multiplying and uniting the self with god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mystical cloud of unkowning = dissolution of all boundaries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can make a friend with a dog and yet this other tribe is too far degraded to be human???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tesla sells something much more valuable than cars - lies. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Lies are more valuable than gold. With a good enough lie, you can purchase anything.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How can it be that amongst these many millions of people, that only a few ever achieve anything? Sleepy, half-dead lives, all of them. The truth is that path of least resistance. Sudden jerk comes for them. But its never enough. What a mind comes to be shaped and never see that resistance as a problem.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mandaean}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 It is hard to understand why the Constitution would require a congressional supermajority to remove a disqualification if a simple majority could nullify Section 3\u8217\'92s operation by repealing or declining to pass implementing legislation. Even petitioner\u8217\'92s lawyer acknowledged the \u8220\'93tension\u8221\'94 in Section 3 that the majority\u8217\'92s view creates. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 31. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Joan Laporta is a millionaire, who should be a billionaire. You know why he's not a billionaire? Because he surrounds himself with glad-handed, nonsensical douchebag yes men like Deco }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sublation - take the negation and inculde it inthe new shape of the concept. Negating negations defines a concept.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deleuze - difference}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spinoza - god part of every atom, every thought. God, nature, absoluteness, all synonyms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suet - internal cavity fat that has a more chalky or stringy texture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cinema sins and nostalgia critic - My brand is based entirely on me deeply misunderstanding art and then insulting my own misinterpretation, and coming to the conclusion that art is inherently pretentious and I'm just smarter than anyone else" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Themes of creation }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - creates itself,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - evoluyion has no goal. Its not aiming towards a specific target. What it produces is contingent on the standing variation it has to work with. If that variation is insufficient, the population goes extinct.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How to evaluate fitness effects - inbreeding - figure out which genes are deleterious - inbreed population over and over to make them homozygous, and then simulation experiments that allow you to differentiate the effects of alleles once they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re homozygous.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Highty tighty}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Might as well try to strike fire from a cake of tallow}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Richard rorty -ironism - continuous radical doubt about one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own understanding of the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Steep in a hole in the ground?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hop yellow glands }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8LJb9XBU2U"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8LJb9XBU2U}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All beers have some base malt in them, the enzymes convert the starches into sugars which the yeast converts into alcohol. This tastes \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91green\u8217\'92 vegetal. Add roasted malts for flavor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scottish malt - malt that has been peated, peaty means smoked malt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Third, it's not that atheists reject otherwise convincing evidence on a technicality. We reject evidence that is rational to reject and that everyone rejects when it's not about their particular set of beliefs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If beauty, meaning, experience, and all the things you listed were valid evidence, we'd have to accept all religions as true, even when they say contradictory things (and no, perennialism doesn't solve this, as perennialism believes that religions share some truths, not that they are all true.) This "evidence" would prove even atheism, as an atheist can reasonably claim that there is beauty and meaning in rational skepticism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, to your question. Humanity is valuable because it's valuable to us. Yes, it's subjective, but subjective doesn't mean random. Subjective values are what we live for. Love is clearly subjective - you and I don't love the same people - but we would die for our spouses and children.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not so much creepy, as eerie, but being out in the blue at night in a lightning storm in a slack wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ocean was very flat - no big rolling swells - just tiny little ripples. The whole world would be black, and then there would be a flurry of bolts, and the whole world would be silver. The ocean looked like nothing so much as aluminium foil that had been scrunched up, and flattened out - the water looked like mercury, and all the little ripples made these very dramatic black shadows}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been awful quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I work for a living.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I hope you don\u8217\'92t do anything important.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It took me a long time to purge the stupidity in myself. I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it for everyone else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [P]arts of the tale smack of the "fish story." Mr. Beckwourth, or his narrator, has it all his own way, and we can fancy a lurking smile at the thought how glibly he puts together such a discordant mass of material brought out from the storehouse of memory, where there is no one at hand positively to contradict him.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Beckwourth#cite_note-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 That mountain ridge is a river in an ancient age. }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilityu2C9TQ"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilityu2C9TQ}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Specifically to the point, over a period of years Lewis was a correspondent with a man named Bernard Acworth, a creationist who had sent Lewis his book on evolution. This excerpt comes from a letter written by Lewis to Acworth in 1951.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I must confess it has shaken me: not in my belief in evolution, which was of the vaguest and most intermittent kind, but in my belief that the question was wholly unimportant. I wish I were younger. What inclines me now to think that you may be right in regarding it as the central and radical lie in the whole web of falsehood that now governs our lives is not so much your arguments against it as the fanatical and twisted attitudes of its defenders. The section on Anthropology was especially good. \u8230\'85 The point that the whole economy of nature demands simultaneity of at least a v. great many species is a v. sticky one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I killed him because\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85to save him from\u8230\'85what I would  do to him if}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately, C.S.Lewis\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 ingrained snobbery robbed him of any self-doubt. He claimed to have been an Atheist in his younger days but, apparently having decided that the only explanation for things he didn\u8217\'92t understand was that the god he didn\u8217\'92t believe in did it, he decided that god must be the one his parents had believed in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obviously, being English, how could there be any other god but the English one? And how could there be a rational explanation for something Clive Staples Lewis didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, his cosy radio fireside chats in which he reassured the English that they had the one true god, the one true morality and the best culture possible (and were so entitled to rule the world and tame the savages) was a nice little earner and not to be put at risk with too much uncertainty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozi"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mozi}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The concept of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love#Chinese_and_other_Sinic"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Love}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u24859\'3F) was developed by Mozi in the 4th century BCE in reaction to the Confucian concept of benevolent love. Mozi tried to replace what he considered to be the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_kinship"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 long-entrenched Chinese over-attachment to family and clan structures}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~with the concept of "universal love" (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u20860\'3F\u24859\'3F,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ji\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u257\'61n'\u224\'E0i}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ).\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anarcho-Monarchism . When everything is the state, nothing is the state. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Obviously the one thing we need for true justice is a\~}{\f5\fs24\b1\i1 profit motive.}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 The man invented inventories.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oleaginous }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Come - be a part of something greater than yourself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In my line of research, I found more than 90% of published papers to be either nonesense, repeating the known in a different way, or even outright academic fraud in some cases. You often find "paper gangs"... A group of people who cite each others papers repeatedly and even review each other in lower quality publications with no "associations" checks! There is very little value in most of the published papers I encounter. This makes doing research a very difficult endeavour for me. I think the main reason for this is "publish or perish" situation in academia. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A very brave video containing a lot of truth. Few people dare to say this, although many true researchers feel and think it. Publishing a scientific product has become a business model. I visited the ATLAS Experiment at CERN and made the following observations: 1. One of the top authors has published 1,816 papers. If one's professional career lasts 40 years, the calculation says: 40 years X 365 days = 14600 days; 14600 / 1816 = 8 days to publish a paper That means 1 paper is published every 8 days during the entire professional life! That's about 45 papers a year... every year! 2. The same author has an h-index of 167. "The h-index is defined as the maximum value of h such that the given author/journal has published at least h papers that have each been cited at least h times." The top author has 167 papers each one cited 167 times! 3. A paper published by researchers had 78 authors! I realize that CERN is something "big" and quite complex. But... there are 78 authors anyway... Probably all those people are high-level scientists. But... what makes them hyperprolific? Is it real? How is it possible? Is it more for the benefit of science or is it a kind of business? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you categorize it, then you can ignore it - shelve it. Grievance politics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Journey to the center of time}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92ll excuse my ignorance\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s alright with you, it\u8217\'92s alright with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~I think I have a ... not strong but moderate justification for proof of the best electrical contacts to highly phosphorous doped diamond via laser processing, beating nanocarbon and thermal graphitisation techniques by two orders of magnitude past the double Schottky turn-on voltage. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S10e7 offa - story of herefordshire}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Freen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s court}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 STORY:\line Guy suvives deep sea underwater accident. Goes about his life. Gets chased. Alien looking freaks. Evenetually captured. Thinks he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fucked. Gets taken to deep sea thing where he is briefed - these aliens are actually crew from a nother deep sea research endeavor, they were pulled down into abyss and thought lost. They came back mysteriously changed - he is one of them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Conceit: you can\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t move on to next life until you are forgotten.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Guy get\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s caught destroying graves.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Jimbob has died. He refuses to speak of the circumstances of his death to his newfound friend in the afterlife, jane. Together they navigate a strange afterlife, one, in which the only rule is that one cannot proceed to the next stage of existence until they have been entirely forgotten in the terrestrial world.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 If I had any bones I\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92d have a boner right now.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Some who were forgotten and then later remembered - Enheduana.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 bounded by lines of immanence extending from the present,  defining the noosphere}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Toothache - pack tooth with raven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dung to rot it out. - heat up a needle to burn out the nerve.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Blood letting - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a delicate little plant like you\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Same with morel mushrooms, eat them raw and you'll wish for death, but boil them like 20 times and they'll make the most amazing sauce, however some of them are like 1000 times more poisonous, so boiling it doesn't help, it's a Russian roulette with mushrooms. }
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pussy is pussy it's alot of niggas who ain't getting nun at all\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u55357\'3F\u56834\'3F}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 just another way of telling us u dirty}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pussy is pussy ??}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bald pates gleaming in the light}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The downtrodden are more religious than the satisfied.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Said expansively}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dont think for a momet that because im obsessed with you, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m going to save you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 He does not speak during the plenary because Having to fight your own battles is a sign of weakness.You do not control enough people to have them lay down their lives for you?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cesar Milan - curiosity is a sign of submission}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Noted - arrow made of wood which explodes into shards that sneak into faceplate and under visor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a much younger part of my life, I used to chase after Chuckar Partridge in the desert American West. These live in steep rimrock mountains, among sagebrush and cheat grass. They tend to run uphill and fly downhill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I've seen a covey of Chuckar partridge literally running straight up over vertical or even overhanging rimrock ledges, with their wings out assisting. It's kind of extraordinary and magical looking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGRyr8yIo9w"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGRyr8yIo9w}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Predator  - you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to win, you just have t obe more trouble than you\u8217\'92re worth - honeybadger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eels kill things with super death roll.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Easiest way to catch a live lizard lasso.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rising breaucracy, a receding initiative, a freezing of caste, a damming of curiosity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This sumn a nigga who cant pull no fine women would say}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In a word, in the house tending the Rule of St. Augustine reigns a secular spirit which the few lappets of the Augustinian habit fail to cover up\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tree throw - tree fallen over, root system makes hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a taut thought.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sosa think he John wick cuz he hit anigga in the leg at the beach }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh yes, we're just burning the gradient. Every breath, every thought, all that we do is the local pinnacle of dissipating potential. We are become death (of stuff-ness). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I once had a friend I smoked out claim he was having a heart attack. We debated what to do for a minute until he let out the loudest fart I had ever heard in my life from 20 feet away in the bathroom and said he was\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Okay, it was just gas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We were heard the neighbors laughing as hard as we were thru the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deep declivity}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suicide is not a matter of social obloquy on trantor}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 marks in the  eyebrow fron cuts}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 t\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d make a vulture puke.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone squatting all the time}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't want to be studied, I wanna be taught}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I need to get you all to the state where, when you write something that you hate, you get excited. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a positive thing. When you write something good, nothing could be more horrible. Because when you write something good, what that means is,  you lack the insight or the taste to even realize why what you\u8217\'92ve written is bad. Whereas wehen tyou write something bad, that\u8217\'92s agood sign. Now you just have to fix it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because of this mindset, we need a very specific way of working. Build it all up toegether. Because that way you can keep telling yourself, well, I haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really tried to solve that problem yet. Then, eventually, you run through all the problems. Fail to solve them. But hey, because you\u8217\'92ve built it all up together, you have a finished piece which you can then sell. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You need to push yourself to defeat. And you retreat. You never want to look at it again for the shame. But there is a thing there, now. A Work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few Evangelicals have tortured their theology and then buried it into an evagelical shaped grave.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a metalepsis of prophosaic fulfillment\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Metalepsis is\~a figure of speech that involves crossing the boundaries between different narrative worlds }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fade - always contradicts your argument, even if it contradicts his central disagreement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gigantheophany}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Post-liberal christianity as a result of the hermeneutic circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But you can do this with any text.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Planetary obliquity}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Love is selfish - love me more than them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sacrifice yourself for me, not them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two possible spiritual realities - embrace the world or reject it. Petition god for changes does neither of these things. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  JEsus figure with disciples. Disciple opens with prayer, petition, jesus interruprts, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 Goes into spiel. Onlooker comes away impressed, but then learns that the whole thing was staged - this spiritual learning from a charlatan? Interesting figure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You live long enough, your interest come down to food. Everything else is boring. But food!? This is what we were designed to do. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every word is a mongrel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Culture that explodes because of destruction of norm of leader refusing to eat the end of bread.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93London should be moved\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Caustics of the water furtling the banks}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Observation of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sand shields\u8217\'92 in beach drainage being small scale of the bar itself, which is a small scale of the beach, which is a small scale of the island, and up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Love is myopic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 philosophy is useful insofar as it instructs someone as to why philosophy is worthless.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dont let weeds grow in the rose garden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 intro racist pruning weeds, then pruning a rose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 cointelpro stoking war between BP and US orgs. Like Russia doing. It fucking works.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 cartoons, propoganda, etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 story about jail and all the bullshit models of reality narratives. just running through them. like from peaceful to war.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/Prison/comments/1exrg6v/what_is_the_worst_injury_you_seen_someone_get"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.reddit.com/r/Prison/comments/1exrg6v/what_is_the_worst_injury_you_seen_someone_get}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bullet hit the hip and turned up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 learn about exploittion in history classs - man, this is a rip off of avatar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2I4imzTOpQM"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2I4imzTOpQM}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/CaliBanging/comments/1eu6qmb/the_real_story_raymond_washington_founder_of_the"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.reddit.com/r/CaliBanging/comments/1eu6qmb/the_real_story_raymond_washington_founder_of_the}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOjyumN6rS4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOjyumN6rS4}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 after he reads, the pages become weak, stressed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Families are market distortions. THey get in the way of efficient allocation of labor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm a 36HC and was teeing off on my own this morning. First 3 holes I hit 3 double bogeys - a good start for my by all accounts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the 4th we started getting backed up so I was paired with 2 retired gentlemen - absolute fucking flag hunters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time we hit the 5th they both started coaching me for nearly every shot. 2 men on me at every address. A real golf bukakke party.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Try as I might every shot was getting worse. I made my excuses and had to walk off after the 10th. I've never felt like less of a man. I think one of them was going to invoice me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don't have kids, but if I did I'm pretty sure I would have lost custody on my return home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know they were trying to help but surely one of them could see the life leaving my soulless body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sat in the parking lot now listening to Snow Patrol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ruggles - reginald}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 book 2}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - background crazy preacher saying solraheen is risin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - enter preacher pov.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Justice? Justice is when a third party gets involved. Otherwise, all there is, is revenge. delegate revenge}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know a couple of people who have said similar and they're the stupidest motherfuckers I know. Apologising is a signifier of strength, not weakness. It shows that you are mature and it helps so much in your interpersonal relationships to be able to hold yourself accountable and take responsibility for your actions. I have kids and they are brought up to always own up to mistakes and apologise when appropriate. It's basic shit you learn when you grow up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JBS Haldane - I enjoyed the opportunity of killing people. One of the great primitive natures of man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blowing tobacco smoke out of the blown hole in his ear - a social accomplishment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gives advice - how are you making me worse?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pastor gets in trouble for plagarizing his sermons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://i.redd.it/xbe1ihgxd5sd1.jpeg"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My heart is full after unboxing my first ever luxury purse! Here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s her story.}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bag of the day \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u55357\'3F\u56412\'3F\line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the knife\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge of being. A metaphor which cannot sustain pressure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lean into that feel of mandri being a modern man in the midst of this bronze age world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eyebrows so hairy they exist as a kind of blur.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Depression started when I stopped being impressed by other people}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Led blind by her own biases from point a to point A.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slaveback mountains}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why life drawing instead of drawing from photos - it has already been interpreted. Same with history - you have to get to the facts pre-narrative.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, we rigged the lottery, but what does it matter? In a deterministic universe, everything is rigged. So what if was me or the butterfly flapping it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wings in new york.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evidence is for suckers. The true path to knowledge is a sequence of unchallengable assumptions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was wearing someone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. Like those puffy things had bene sewn on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This bread is dishonest}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harden to it - wet shits}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lips with a humerous curl}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gallant lies}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ya bonghit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smooth toke.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gladiator - everything everyone does is to seek approval. This is the pinnacle. You can achieve more than the lords. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re young, the world is tight. There\u8217\'92s a narrative to it. When you get older it all starts to unravel. And it will seem like the world is unraveling, but that\u8217\'92s not the case. It\u8217\'92s your narrative. The story you told yourself. And then everything will begin to lose its meaning. It\u8217\'92s not worth it to try so hard. It\u8217\'92s not so clear that you\u8217\'92ll enjoy success. So my advice would be don\u8217\'92t think about that, but I know it\u8217\'92ll fall on deaf ears. I\u8217\'92d say enjoy the process, but that\u8217\'92s impossible at your age. Might as well tell you to not look inside the black box. You have to - you\u8217\'92re curious. And people will love you. You will a story which makes sense. People are desparate for a good story. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t listen to him. He\u8217\'92s a washout.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Timer-organic materials and then investing spirit into stone - life is a process of hardening. Grave STONE - the stoneiness is important.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Ute a shoven\u8217\'92 - shoved out}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trapped in writing}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cohort of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91romans\u8217\'92 at hadrians wall from dacia (romania). Not even italian. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I must make bold with your chair}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Boundary - entropy - entropy, disorder, is really only a lack of information. But there is a new boundary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Christians stuck in a narrative. Only way to break them free would be a boundary crisis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Picard:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He piled upon the whale's white hump the sum of all the rage and hate felt by his whole race. If his chest had been a cannon, he would have shot his heart upon it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Original:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He piled upon the whale's white hump the sum of all the general rage and hate felt by his whole race from Adam down; and then, as if his chest had been a mortar, he burst his hot heart's shell upon it.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People who cripple themselves to beg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Going blind from phenereal worms in the eyeballs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Women with half-dead children in their arms dying from amoebic dysentary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The maid who cleaned my friends apartment would get a dollar a day for scrubbing the floors from morning to night. I tried to give her an extra dollar, she thought I was propositioning her as a whore.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any given question is just a rhetorical rearrangement of a collection of propositions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Debating Trump is like trying to fistfight smoke - he just "floods the zone". The best you can really do is try to look well put together and normal by contrast, and hope he self destructs. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pees in post minting rock - make reference to how little there is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conservation-induced_extinction"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~conservation-induced extinction,}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh yeah. They're definitely there. Find a woman with a veil and 5+ kids. Have her and her husband over for dinner and, after a couple drinks, I'm sure you can get some hot takes about the decline of western civilization. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Journey\u8221\'94 - Mandri\u8217\'92s demon - mandri is timing the burgeon and need to line this up with what has come before.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f6\fs24\b0\i0 Rome was a slave state - african grain mills, spanish mines. Apuleius - Their whole bodies picked out with livid weals, their whip-scarred backs shaded rather than covered by their tattered rags, some with only a scanty loin-cloth by way of covering\loch\af6\hich\af6\dbch\af6\uc1\u8230\'85 There were branded foreheads, half-shaven heads, and fettered ankles; their faces were sallow}{\f7\fs24\b1\i0 , their eyes so bleared by the smoky heat of the furnaces that they were half blind.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TLDR: he only needs 34 Senators.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only ways to remove a sitting president is through either}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "removal", where the House needs a simple majority vote to impeach the President, and then the Senate needs 2/3rds to vote for removal.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 or}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the 25th Amendment, where both the VP and the majority of the Cabinet agree that the President is unfit and send a letter to Congress.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Therefore, the only things the president needs on his side is:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 either 1/2 of the House\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 or}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~1/3rd of the Senate (34 votes)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 either the VP\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 or}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~the majority of his cabinet.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In practice (as the president chooses his own VP and cabinet), this means that as long as Trump can keep 34 Senators from voting to remove him, he can do essentially whatever he wants and there's no legal way to stop him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only actual hard barrier on presidential power is removal by the Senate, and his first term showed that even with a strong bipartisan effort from a Dem-majority Senate as well as serious charges on rock-solid ground, the removal vote still fell well short of the 2/3rds bar with only 57 "guilty" votes.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dear,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the midst of hate, I found there was, within me, an invincible love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the midst of tears, I found there was, within me, an invincible smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the midst of chaos, I found there was, within me, an invincible calm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I realized, through it all, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that makes me happy. For it says that no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s something stronger \endash  something better, pushing right back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Truly yours,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Albert Camus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solitants are surgeons of the self, knowing precisely how much to harm in order to heal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Medicine - You know how much you have to hurt in order to heal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 because what are facts but a set of inconsequentialist. He is old enough to know he has his own facts. His facts are firm because they are his. He is RIGHT!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Circulation of souls - gaia ff9 - Garland - this is fate, this is how its supposed to be in ages past!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Comparing this to the christian mindset - we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been operating this way for so long, it is profane thing to upset this balaance - Zidane - BUT I want to LIVE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Solitant as a surgeon - expertiese to know just how much suffering to inflict in order to heal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Main character in next book - solitant priestess who attends MC\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s husband to \u8216\'91prove\u8217\'92 that he is unhealthy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Two witches shouting over eachother - the one who can speak the word can win - combat over definitions - lotr galadriel vs sauron. Conversation of purest will.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Come up with a term for - if I would have knkown this from the beginning, I would have done it all differently. Giving up and restarting - dwarf fortress}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are you a liar? I dabble. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m a dabbling liar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that honestlyl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85I\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92m normally, Mike, I\u8217\'92m normally very kind very, very compassionate. I try to be, you know . I\u8217\'92m gonna tell you this man, and I mean this to the deepest depths of my non-existant soul, I fucking hate you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab A study on canines: how metaculture explodes culture}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - basically evolution bred beautiful healthy animals. When man is aware of the natural process and hijacks it - what results is stunning variety, health concerns, hyper specialization.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 i\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve known class consciousness is dumb for years. I used to think Rawls was practically wrong (i.e no one can really talk politics being totally ignorant of their context), but now I\u8217\'92m starting to think he\u8217\'92s empirically wrong (poor people actually don\u8217\'92t like helping poor people, even when they know they are poor, so why would they when they forget that they\u8217\'92re poor ala veil of ignorance???) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Referencing trumps tarriffs on mexico in response for americans buying so much fentanyl - Americans would rather kill people than help people to solve a problem. Helping is hard. Killing is easy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANDRI\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92S LEGS SWEAT IN CH.1!!!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a name that hurts to sayif you have a sore throat. a language that hurts to speak.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 what use is an afterlife if you don't inted to use it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 horizon based astronomy }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Juror #2 - thinks he killed, is a coward, but turns out he didn't kill anyone, but learns he was a coward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 celebrating diminishing achievements with cruder monuments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a line of nerves in the shin, make it explode by leaning on it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he grabs you, hack at the radial nerve.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 knee-knuckle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a name that hurts to sayif you have a sore throat. a language that hurts to speak.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 what use is an afterlife if you don't inted to use it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 horizon based astronomy }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Juror #2 - thinks he killed, is a coward, but turns out he didn't kill anyone, but learns he was a coward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 celebrating diminishing achievements with cruder monuments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a line of nerves in the shin, make it explode by leaning on it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he grabs you, hack at the radial nerve.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Knee-knuckle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Horse - a white pacer}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Killing solves small problems not big ones.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Story idea: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Society which indoctrinates in dumb religion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coming of age involves disabusing that religion so as to inculcate a healthy does of self-skepticism. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MC refuses, continues to believe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stewskin}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carbuncle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scum}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Society is very effiecient these days. Social validation as a job, instead of having to jump through all the usual rigamarole and rituals and structurs - just sit in front of a camera and watch me - here are the states.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh my god the Jags actually did something competent????? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They did something competent in an incompetent way }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sam, I threw you a bone there- don\u8217\'92t push your luck.\u8221\'94 Sam proceeds to push his luck. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anime monster - I do like the double bounce -story is about a corrupt hospital, but no, its deeper.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I agree with 2 but in a yelling at a fisherman 'don't just stand there! catch a fish!' way }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A place called: Cripplegate}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jimmy carr: what have you been looking to recently? Other than glory holes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like to laugh. My butthole pulses when I laugh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram leaned on his spear and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do we avoid the Mazidariga?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well that\u8217\'92s simple,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93Actually, the solution was in your grasp just now, but true to form you\u8217\'92ve squandered the opportunity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could capture a Riga after it has whistled the pseudospark out of my body, then you could walk wherever you please unmolested. You would then wake me once you reached your destination.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stood up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait a finger\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are you saying that we could have\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram waved Seb off, but Mandri answered her anyway. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you could have carried me and my poor cousin around the Sand free from the worry of the Hrkan hunt. Or, you could end all difficulties by giving me a Spark.\u8221\'94 He mounted his argument before anyone had time to laugh. \u8220\'93One distant whistle from a Mazidariga will end me. If I had my own shard of the divine, then it stands to reason that I would be freed from the Mazidariga\u8217\'92s influence entirely.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Free from the hunt,\u8221\'94 Ayram muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Freed from a Minder as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93But if you give me a Spark, you would be giving me my freedom. I said it before and it will always be true\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in return for such a gift, I would slay anything you wished.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, creature, if a true Spark danced in your belly, what would stop you from killing us? What would stop you from violating your word?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing,\u8221\'94 Mandri admitted.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 About trumpian politician: He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s evil!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No, unfortunately he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not. He\u8217\'92s only a human being. If he were evil he could be defeated, but there\u8217\'92s no quarter with human nature.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , as he seemed able to reframe facts into mere inconsequentialisms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 reducing them down to a set of inconsequentialisms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You distract me with these inconsequentialisms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Inconsequentialisms?! These are facts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pate, we are swimming in facts and you ignore almost all of them. Simply ignore a few more and leave me be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Being dubbed a knight - the last blow you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll ever take without returning it \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an assumption of the monopoly of violence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sword training scene - run away from people, assume they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re trained, but against demons there are tricks I could show you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PYELTE leaves the lordship because of Mandram. You grow up, thinking the the world is structured. That there are rules. But it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s naked power in the end. I don\u8217\'92t believe in it anymore.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Idea for sci fi stories}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aliens cull dinosaur type species because they only want social structured intelligences.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mixture of Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93Solraheen chose you\u8221\'94 and Evil god\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91choosing\u8217\'92, a contrast with the \u8216\'91true\u8217\'92 solitant religion which is the crafting of the self - shows there has been contamination of the message.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Through stone - coping stone, keep the stones underneath aligned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Takesone man a year to build a mile of wall.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Percieve this one object without entraining everyting else in the wordl.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Puncture eardrums with sewing needles because he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t listen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tke his ears}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No, no, because he looks like he can listen. Take the eardrums.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Im on a hunger strike.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When did you start?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This morning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh\u8230\'85Until I get hungry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Anime storytime-show dont tell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This my dad, he is the director. I am his daughter. We ae dating I ecpect wealth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hospital is politics. Director is using you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 My husband was here first!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A lot of cliche - perfect calculating investigator, mc in over his head with investigator charging him. Feels very death notish.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to be an anime. - manga would have sufficed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cant shake the feeling ive seen this before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ep 5 so fucking stupid - NO realism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mary sue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cheerful girl with darkness underneath.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Save a life but life went on to kill.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I am better than you precisely because I am willing to admit that I am worse than you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Against the Doers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its the doers who get things done, but its only dunning kruger and conmen who do because intelligent people weigh risks and empathetic people who worry about causing harm.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I could feel my scalp tighten from the grim tone of his voice before I even knew what was coming. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hand gesture- jonathan gorard - pulling something out and throwing it in the air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The contradiction at the heart of eugenics - You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make \u8216\'91better\u8217\'92 people because nothing is \u8216\'91better\u8217\'92, there is only difference and the ability to appreciate it. BUT - the ability to apperciate difference is itself an ability that needs to be selected for. Similar to paradox of tolerance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 guy who says, i intend to defecate in your building, i hope that is satisfactory, that you've provided accomodations for the inevitabal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I want to be forthcoming. I have no untoward intentions towards your building. But i will have to poop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why do you do this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because i can learn a significant amount about who I am dealing with. Those trapped in structures, and those who accept reality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AB scream, then I love you god, thank you! As he murders a man.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Title: God Has Claws.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri is eliminating god threads, ssees a curious one about female politician.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Blood in the runnels of shulgis viper.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not nearly as much glory in war as there is in talking about going to war.}}