{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen had never been raised from the dead before. If he had known such a thing was possible, then perhaps he would have noticed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  how it felt to be}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  reinserted into }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s causal flow. It\u8217\'92s a sublime sensation, a staticky prickling at the edges of the subconscious as the Divine Spark reasserts its grip on the body. The Ayramun call it \u8216\'91Sheldreeb, which is an ancient Jandri word for the wild slosh of ocean foam blown onto the land during a world storm. Entire beaches get covered six feet deep in that salty brown foam. When the storm passes and the sun peeks out, the air gets filled with the white noise of a hundred trillion foam bubbles popping - but its not }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 loud}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , its just there and ever-present under the familiar sounds of nature; the wind blowing and the waves crashing and the gulls cawing overhead. When the foam disappears so does the static and all that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left is solid ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandrameen}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice the Sheldribe. And he didn\u8217\'92t notice t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he warm blood tickling his insides back into working order}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . No, he was certain he was dead and that this was the afterlife. A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ll the other surface sensations pointed towards }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the fact that he was a cold corpse}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . His breath was icy }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 c}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 oming out of his throat. The skin on his shoulders shivered and the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His nose was numb and his lips were cracked and stinging. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On top of it all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  there}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the unmistakable putrescence of rotting flesh}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The stink}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was so thick in the air that it was nearly intoxicating. Presumably that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  smell}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was coming from him.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And he could not move. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tried to move but }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 neither}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  his legs }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 nor}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  arms would ben}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 d. It got to a point where he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if he had legs or arms at all. He couldn\u8217\'92t truly feel them. He couldn\u8217\'92t even }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 roll his body this way or that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as he was beginning to come to terms with the fact that he was a disembodied consciousness floating , he found he could }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 open his eyes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He opened them slowly, languidly, eager to savor whatever brilliant vision of the cosmos stood before him - }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 but he closed }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 his eyes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  again as}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  soon as he caught a hint of his surroundings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 H}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 e was lying flat on }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  floor }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a cave lit by flame. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surely, he thought, this is the Underworld.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took a little peek to make sure. Sure enough, it was a cave. A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  natural cave, not a quarry or rock-hewn prison. The sandstone surface was craggy and porous, and the ceiling was low, though it bulbed out in places and disappeared into pitch-blackness in others. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard versions of the Underworld that warned of a giant pit under the earth where blackness of the soul is cleansed by fire. If that was where he was, then, well\u8230\'85 well he took solace in the fact that it was rotting flesh he smelled not burning flesh. How is that better? Maybe it wasn\u8217\'92t better to}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  be trapped inside his own}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  rotting }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 body which was itself trapped inside a bubble of rock. H}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is dreaming mind conjured an image }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of the rock under the earth riddled with pockets of air like this one, each occupied by }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 corpse}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of an ancestor,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  each left to the mire of their own stench for all eternity. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a vision of the Underworld he\u8217\'92d }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ever been taught}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  but}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  then again, he always supposed he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  been taught}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the correct one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen summoned the courage to open his eyes again. This time he found he had the use of his neck. He looked down at his body and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 saw}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that he was wrapped tight in a brown wool}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 en}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  blanket and was lying on a bed of straw. He thought it was strange for such a place as the Underworld to offer such a simple comfort. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked to his left, to the source of the flame, and was relieved to see that it }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a jet of flame piping up from the bowels of the earth, but a regular copper}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  oil}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  lamp sitting in the middle of the room. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the other side of that lamp,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  however,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 lumped up on the opposite side of the cave}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  with it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back against the rock, was the most disturbing creature Mandrameen had ever seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The naked thing resembled a human. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 t had arms and legs and the right skeletal structure,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and skin as pale-white as a Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 but the way the muscle sat on the bone was strange; they were long and dense and Mandrameen could see their striations as clear as if there was no skin at all. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 here wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an ounce of fat on him}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . H}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is skin clung tight to its flesh. Despite that, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the slightest hint of a vein or artery anywhere}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The thing was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 just muscles, tendons and bones}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , like a creature sculpted from clay. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure it was even a \u8216\'91}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92, for the creature\u8217\'92s groin was completely smooth and lacked any sign of genitals. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The closest thing resembling this ghoul was an articulated mannequin that Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mother had given to him as boy; it was a wooden thing held together with copper wire and it could hold a dynamic pose long enough to be drawn. The creature here in this cavern had a similar head - a generic human head, with eyes, a nose, a mouth, and ears in genderless proportion, its face transfixed in that same sterile stare. And the thing was completely hairless to boot.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was some kind of ghost, Mandrameen was sure. It was either one of Moon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s creatures, or a fallen star. Or, Mandrameen feared, this was a human like him, only this person had been stuck in this afterlife for a long, long time, meaning this creature was what he would become after an eon. Judging by the grievous wounds afflicting the creature\u8217\'92s body, it would be an eon of torture. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was long line of stitches running down the middle of the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , forming a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  suture }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 was caked in blood. Two stitches at the bottom had burst, leaving an open slit just below the sternum}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - but that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even the worst of it, for}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands had been cut off at the wrists. In their place were blood-stained poultices wrapped tight with cotton bandages. The hands themselves were sitting in a far corner of the cave, one stacked on top of the other, like a pair of gloves ready for work.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Somehow it all made sense to Mandrameen. This creature was what Mandrameen would become. Any recognizable sense of Mandrameen as an individual person would be ground into oblivion. All laugh lines and moles and fleshy color and shaggy hair, it would all be cut out and smoothed over until all that is left is this expressionless puppet in the general shape a human being. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And it made sense that demons should heal the wounds after inflicting them. As an artist, Mandrameen understood the power of contrast. If he were an architect of the Underworld, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d make sure it wasn\u8217\'92t all torture all the time, because then the pain would lose its meaning. There would need to be moments like this of healing, of hope. Such highs would make the lows, lower.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d also make sure the torture fit the crime. Like this creature here had clearly been a thief. Cutting off the hands was a common enough punishment up on the surface, perhaps down here all thieves were doomed to have their hands lopped off and regrown and lopped off again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The chest wound was less obvious bit of imagery. The stitches ran over the heart so perhaps it was a crime of passion. Mandrameen didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think much on it because he was more concerned with what his own torture would be. With nothing to do but lay there and look and think, he thought long and hard about his sins. There weren\u8217\'92t many of them. Nothing at least to warrant being impaled on a spike or thrown into a lake of fire. His death was a suicide, but he didn\u8217\'92t think of that as some unshoulderable sin. Who was he harming? His father hated him, and no one else even knew he existed. No god could sit in judgment of a boy trying to find a bit of peace, and if only the only way to find peace was to hurt himself, then what does that say about creation? If Sol above truly wanted to torture him, the best way to do would be to put him right back up there on the surface, surround him with people; selfish, abusive, violent, ignorant, dumb people. Shouldn\u8217\'92t be hard to find.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only other punishment that would be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91on-theme\u8217\'92 would be to make Mandrameen hurt himself. Somehow this place was going to get him to impale his chest on a spike, or kick his own head into a lake of fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But how? Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t some Solean penitent who took special delight in the \u8216\'91cleansing fires of pain\u8217\'92. It would take some elaborate contraption of levers and pulleys to bend his arm against his will. Come to think of it, he couldn\u8217\'92t bend his arm himself. Hidden under the wool blanket, he wasn\u8217\'92t sure he even had an arm to bend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked back down at his body. There was a form under the blanket where his arm should be. That was a good sign. He focused all his efforts into driving feeling down into it. He closed his eyes and imagined a spark igniting inside of him, a flame burning down along his spine and spreading to his muscles and skin. Suddenly, something inside him snapped and all at once he regained feeling right down to his toes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He threw the blanket off and saw that his body was more or less how he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left; a little bruised but it was all there and functioning. Not black and rotting like he\u8217\'92d expected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked over at the ghoulish creature and the thing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were wide with surprise. It even smiled when Mandrameen stood up and started to look for a way out of this cave. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri felt his way along the sandstone rock to his right. In that direction the rock dipped into a little hollow. No way out. Mandri went back to his left, keeping close to the rock, keeping as far away as he could from the creature. To his left, hidden in the dancing shadows of the lamplight, there was a wide crack and what seemed like an opening that he could shimmy through, but through the crack on the other side was a massive block stone. To push against it, Mandri would have to turn his back to the creature, so he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t spend long trying to get it budge. As soon as his outstretched arm met firm resistance, that was good enough for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All that was left to explore was the passage behind the creature. The creature seemed to be able to read Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind, because the thing shook its head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stood frozen in his spot, unsure of what to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature spoke, voice hoarse form what Mandri assumed was a eon of screaming agony.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no way out this way,\u8221\'94 it said. \u8220\'93Not anything you can fit through. Just another nook.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wanted to pick up the lamp and step right over the pale wretch and say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll find out for myself, thank-you-very-much,\u8221\'94 but if he took one step closer to that ghoul he would need a firm bit of lumber strapped to his spine in order to stiffen it up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Best not to argue with a might-be-a-demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Best thing to do was sit right back down on the straw mat and wrap that blanket around his shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature noticed this and then pointed towards a jar with one of its poulticed stubs. The jar was sitting near him, about a foot away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s water in it, if you need it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would hand it to you myself, but...\u8221\'94 It }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 it gave}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stubby arms }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a wave}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , as if Mandri hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen them already.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thinking it bad manners to refuse a gift in the Underworld, Mandri got up and fetched the water}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . He walked like a servant, back hunched, bowing in obeisance to the creature. He was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 careful to keep as much distance}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  between them }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 as }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he could}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature did not move}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . It just watched as Mandri picked up the water and shuffled backwards to his straw bed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature spoke again. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My name is Oro. What is yours}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri took a swig of the water. It was cold and glorious and it stung his lips and throat. Mandri felt under no obligation to share his name with this strange, manlike being named Oro. If it had a name, if it remembered its name, then that ruled out a . And for it to speaking so flippantly, like nothing supernatural was going on, that was upsetting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seeing Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s , Oro asked another question. \u8220\'93Do I frighten you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked at the flame, then met Oro\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye for half a moment, then back again. He pulled the blanket tighter around his shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brows knit tight in disbelief. \u8220\'93What is it you think I\u8217\'92m going to do to you?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93Worried that I\u8217\'92m going to stumble over there, and then what? Bleed on you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, Mandri was silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on. Speak. Converse. Ask me a question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro smiled, almost like he was hoping Mandri would ask a question along these lines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not dead,\u8221\'94 Oro said. \u8220\'93You }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 were}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  dead, though. I was asleep and you were dead. Then your heart started beating.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can hear my heart?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is so loud that it woke me up. I had never heard a heart restart. I did not know that they could.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pauses to try and hear his own heart. Nothing unusual. This creature has extra sensory perception.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to ask. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re saying that I\u8217\'92m not dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you feel dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mandri said firmly. \u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t know how things work down here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would your body work any differently down here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I just thought that life after death wouldn\u8217\'92t be so much like regular old life. I Didn\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92d feel\u8230\'85 tired. Though I suppose that would be a fitting punishment for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A punishment? Do you deserve to be punished?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Life after death? Do you think you\u8217\'92re in the afterlife?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this not the Underworld?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then where are we?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The regular old world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t believe me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should I? What even are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I have no Spark. I don\u8217\'92t have heart either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a Edge-Seeker. One of the Sparkless. A Mazydai.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a Mazydai?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazydai are ten feet tall and \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yet here I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prove it. Spit golden fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was recently robbed of that organ, along with my hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a subtlety to emotional expression that I havent quite mastered. Sometime an emotion morphs and changes and it seems like you all are figuring out how feel about things as you go along. My mind just doesnt work like that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know where we are right now? A yes or no is fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Though he thought he had a good idea, Mandri did not know, precisely, where he was. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet took her bony fingers out of his mouth and smelled them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you want to live?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t? Wonderful. Here, drink.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet scowled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What exactly is it that you are doing out are you out here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how to answer that by only moving his head. He didn\u8217\'92t even know if he could do it with words.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I dont think this is the afterlife because I wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got no spark.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen felt he should say something. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The young man spoke first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you one of my jailers?\u8221\'94 he asked. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Mandrameen was eager for conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I ask, Mandrameen, why are you here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandrameen paused to look for a good answer. \u8220\'93I guess you could say I\u8217\'92m a new recruit.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd started to laugh but it stuttered into another coughing fit- this time when the blood and spittle came out it stained Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s toes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pardon me. Sorry. I would cover my mouth with my hands but I was recently robbed of them.\u8221\'94 He held both his arms into the light to show the truth of it. Both arms ended in bandaged stumps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well... I, uh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you in here with me, if you\u8217\'92re one of them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like I said, I\u8217\'92m new. I was told that they don\u8217\'92t trust me just yet. Don\u8217\'92t want me slinking around their hideaway I suppose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t trust you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve only just joined.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you trust them?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85 well... I suppose I do a little\u8230\'85 Actually no, I don\u8217\'92t at all. I was just thinking that, you know, I must be trusting them a little to let them whisk me away and throw me in here, but then again, I don\u8217\'92t care what happens to me so much, as long as its not too painful. So it\u8217\'92s not really a matter of trust. I\u8217\'92ve just kind of let them, you know, let them carry me along because the seem to want to do it. I don\u8217\'92t know. Trust is weird thing for me right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flashed over Mandrameen, who cut nearly as pitiful a figure there in the damp dark. Mandrameen was small, skinny and balding. Every part of him was disheveled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t care if you die?\u8221\'94 the boy asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not really, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Usual story, I suppose. I\u8217\'92m old. I\u8217\'92ve lost too much. And too much loss, too late in life, I\u8217\'92m sure you can see the sense. You know, when the prospects are as bleak mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As ours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. I\u8217\'92m sure you can see. Mix in some betrayal, in my case.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen said,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about you? What are you doing in here? Must have done something bad to get so roughed up, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evidently.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not going to tell me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped. Where he once seemed at relative ease, even curious, his next question came in a hurt whisper \u8220\'93Is that what this is? Feigning kindness to get information? Just get on with the beating\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Information? No. What? No. Like I said, honestly, I\u8217\'92m new here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one is \u8216\'91new\u8217\'92 to a band of thieves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thieves?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Setting up an ambush on an old smuggling road, yeah, I\u8217\'92d call that you thieves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know anything about that. Is that why you\u8217\'92re down here? You got taken off the road?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You honestly don\u8217\'92t know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. No I didn\u8217\'92t know they did that kind of thing. I thought they were\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know. Something more like zealots.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zealots of a kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here because of the most incredible coincidence. So incredible it had to be ordained by Sol himself. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ordained by Sol?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Why not? Was it a miracle? No. But it was next of kin; a blessing. If I were a holy man it would have been a miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see. Only, blessings and miracles don\u8217\'92t lead you to being locked in a bandit\u8217\'92s prison.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not bandits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Right. It was a gaggle of priests who slaughtered my men, ruined my body, and locked in me here to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you seen Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram. You can\u8217\'92t have missed him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a colossus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is Ayram the leader of these bandits?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boy, they\u8217\'92re not bandits. And yes, they follow Ayram. They\u8217\'92re Ayramun. And if you had seen Ayram then you\u8217\'92d know that this is no ordinary bunch of highway folk. I don\u8217\'92t know about why they ambushed you on the road, but I\u8217\'92m sure there was a deeper purpose than simply lining pockets with gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you so sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already seen things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve just come from the Underworld.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last night I was in Shagota, the capitaline Hill, and I was about to, well, I was about to be killed and then Ayram rescued me. We made an escape through the ways of the Underworld. I followed Ayram all the way through the Underworld, all the way here. Safely. This Ayram can do. Even shadows and ghosts are afraid of him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You went through the Underworld?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. You see? Ayram is\u8230\'85 when you see him you\u8217\'92ll know what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram pulled you through the Underworld?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I get the sense that he\u8217\'92s got some use for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have no idea what that use is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not the least bit interested?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I already said no. I\u8217\'92m just along for the ride.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Well. Me too I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well it\u8217\'92s good that you feel that way.\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said. He was a little stunned that Mazyd could maintain a sense of levity, considering his state. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s really good,\u8221\'94 he repeated. \u8220\'93Impressive, really. If I were in you I\u8217\'92d be cursing everything. Fate especially. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, this is my fault,\u8221\'94 Mayzd said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how it\u8217\'92s my fault, but it is. I don\u8217\'92t think it defies imagination to say that somewhere along the way I made a few mistakes.\u8221\'94 Mazyd said this with a great, and it surprised Mandrameen to see the glint of Mazyd\u8217\'92s white teeth. The bloody pulp of a boy was actually smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92d they take your hands?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can only guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To keep me from using them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just because you can\u8217\'92t see the chain of consequence that leads to your present misery, that doesn\u8217\'92t mean that there isn\u8217\'92t one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who was this person?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The leader of this robber band. His name is Ayram. You can\u8217\'92t have missed him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The young man shook his head and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve only heard voices.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, when you meet him you\u8217\'92ll know who he is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd grunted in a show of indifference and slumped down against the rock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you owe this man a debt?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen sat back and considered Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question, as he hadn\u8217\'92t thought of it. Did he owe Aryam a debt? Ayram had saved him from Death, but that in itself didn\u8217\'92t bother him. Sure, it would have been cruel to die at Salavan\u8217\'92s hands, so he supposed he could thank Ayram for that - but a debt? Ayram was going to kill Salavan anyways. The whole thing was just a coincidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t spend too long thinking about it, because even if there was an honor debt to be paid, he no longer cared about honor. That was a game for people with something to lose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, he\u8217\'92s just an interesting person,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen finally said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s immense. It\u8217\'92s not just his size, it\u8217\'92s his presence. It\u8217\'92s exciting just to be around him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you decided to float along in his wake?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mazyd said, straightening his back to sit upright, so that he might treat with Mandrameen more personably ,\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s nice to meet you, Mandrameen.\u8221\'94 He stuck out his arm for a handshake, then looked down at his bloody stump, and laughed. Mandrameen laughed along with him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about an elbow?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen asked, and he stuck his out. Mazyd bumped it with his own, and smiled again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems like neither of us have any friends here,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said, \u8220\'93and I\u8217\'92m in a pretty bad way. Mandrameen, I need a friend right now, and you\u8217\'92re it. You don\u8217\'92t have a choice. I don\u8217\'92t care if you\u8217\'92re not interested, do what you want. I\u8217\'92m a little desperate. I just need the glimmer of hope that a friend can give - even if it's a one-way deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no,\u8221\'94 Mazyd interrupted. \u8220\'93 You just do whatever you want. Just know that from this point on, whatever trust you put in me, I\u8217\'92ll treasure it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandrameen shrugged his shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do what you want,\u8221\'94 Mazyd repeated. \u8220\'93My life isn\u8217\'92t worth much at the moment. They\u8217\'92ll probably kill me before tomorrow. I just don\u8217\'92t want to die without a friend nearby.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure how to handle this doomed man\u8217\'92s wish. If Mandrameen were younger, he would have humored Mazyd out of pity, but time had squeezed the empathy out of him. Plus, he didn\u8217\'92t know why Mazyd was locked up, nor why Ayram had elected to chop off his hands. It could have been simple theft, but it could be something unforgivable - Mazyd could be the kind of person to set his hands on another man\u8217\'92s wife. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you in here?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was marching along with my people towards Jeket when your people ambushed us in the Junei hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What were you doing out there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question gave Mazyd pause. He began to scrutinize his new friend. \u8220\'93We were about the Emperor\u8217\'92s business,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That surprises you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, yes. I figured you to be a thief.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, what, you\u8217\'92re a soldier?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More or less.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did they cut off your hands?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I\u8217\'92m a magus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said, his voice pitching in excitement. \u8220\'93Could you show me a little something?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mazyd just held up his bandaged arms to remind Mandrameen of his predicament.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 said Mandrameen, disappointed as much as the absence of proof for Mazyd\u8217\'92s story. \u8220\'93Well Mazyd, you\u8217\'92re either a fantastic thief and liar, or you\u8217\'92ve got the worst lot of any person I\u8217\'92ve ever met - well anyone that\u8217\'92s lived past twenty. How old are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One hundred and twenty two.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One hundred and -\u8221\'94 But before Mayzd could repeat the number, he was interrupted by the echoes of feet slapping on the damp stone outside. Then keys scratched at the lock, and the door creaked open. Torchlight flooded into the cell, giving Mandrameen a clean view of Mazyd. The shock of him was nearly blinding. He wasn\u8217\'92t just covered in blood. His body from his feet up to his neck were covered in intricate arrangement of symbols tattooed in black. It was the unmistakable markings of a Mazydei. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw fell open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi, Sandie! He\u8217\'92s awake!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, bring him out then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the two captors stepped into the cell. He was a scruffy looking man with a long nose. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you stand up?\u8221\'94 he asked Mazyd. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d help but I don\u8217\'92t want to touch you, mate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman behind him chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, help him up Deedee. You twit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do no such thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd looked to Mandrameen, but Pytle was still stunned by the sight of him, so he put his feet under his butt and labored up to a standing position by using the wall behind him for support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about you?\u8221\'94 Deedee asked. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re alright, right? Name\u8217\'92s Mandrameen, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hearing his name spoken aloud snapped Mandrameen to attention. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that is my name,\u8221\'94 he said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re off to a bit of a meeting. You\u8217\'92re invited.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen stood up and stretched his back, all the while gawking at Mazyd. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never dreamed he\u8217\'92d see a Mazydei this up close, or in this place of all places. He followed Mazyd and Deedee out of the cell and into the cave proper, where Sandie waited. She was holding the only torch, and it\u8217\'92s flickering light illuminated the narrow slip of rock under her feet. The rest of the ground fell into a large blue-green pool of mineral water. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen wondered what part of the continent\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s drainage system this could possibly be. He had never heard of such a cave in this part of the world. It\u8217\'92s walls were waxy and seemed to be frozen mid-melt. Glistening strands of hard seemed to drip from the ceiling like saliva on the roof of a lizard\u8217\'92s mouth. The water was alive. Shapes moved and little lights flashed in its depths. Deedee swept Mandrameen along before he had time to worry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They moved on into a tunnel that led up towards the surface. With each step the rock became dryer, and the going got steeper. Mazyd struggled along. He walked with his elbows tucked tight against his body, fearing to brush his arms against a stray shadow of a rock. It compromised his balance, and coupled with the recent loss of blood, he was sure to move slowly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The others accomodated him. Mazyd cut such a tragic figure that, even though Deedee and Sandie despised him in principle, they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but pity him. They weren\u8217\'92t cruel people, but this little march felt cruel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here and there they would pass a tunnels that spread off in odd directions, up and down, skewing this way that, leading off into some unknown abyss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What created this place?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen wondered aloud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hell if I know,\u8221\'94 Deedee said. \u8220\'93Ayram might.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram knows,\u8221\'94 Sandie corrected, but she didn\u8217\'92t expound upon it. Mandrameen didn\u8217\'92t feel like he was in any position to ask to do so. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually, they came out into a massive open-air pit cave. Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes took time to adjust, for the circle of sky above was bright and blue, and the sun\u8217\'92s light angled down the colossal sandstone walls and fell upon the sand in a dusty, radiant glow. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}