{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. A Mazydei. You all know what they are - weapons of war. But for me they are something simpler, yet more powerful. They\u8217\'92re proof of a simple and incontrovertible truth - that the rich and powerful are not so powerful as we. Think of it: kings, queens, and little princes are so scared of us, so scared of losing control that they resort to pulling abominations like this one the void to serve them. But shadows of power can only birth shadows of power.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella was reaching into her memory now. Her final sermons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kings. Queens. Princes. They strut around in parades and give gifts to eachother and genuflect in scripted rituals designed to reinforce the pyramid of power, but it's all a sham, because underneath their blue satin sashes are squishy necks that are slit just as easily as any other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella stabbed the Mazydei\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s torso with her cane for effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They try to pretend that they are special. Kings. Queens. Princes. They pretend that they\u8217\'92re not born swimming in afterbirth like the rest of the human race. They imagine that they\u8217\'92re born clean and powdered, that their skin is softer and better suited for the deep blue velvet. That their pudgy little hands know just what to do with a diamond encrusted rattle. The narrative of their lives is crafted even as they sleep; I\u8217\'92ve seen it myself: slim little courtesans leaning over royal cribs, whispering, \u8216\'91Doesn\u8217\'92t she look }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 exactly}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  like a little queen?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92. The rest of the howling babes grow up into common folk. Into You. Into me. And what is our lot, according to them? According to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 him}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella prodded the Mazyd again as she said it. No one answered her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well go on. What is our lot?\u8221\'94 Pella asked again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Hill who ansered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To endure them!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Endure and }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 obey}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Pella corrected. \u8220\'93They claim that it if it wasn\u8217\'92t the will of Sol for us to be poor, for us to suffer, then it would not be so. They claim that they have all the money, land, and pleasure because it is Sol\u8217\'92s will. After all, if that wasn\u8217\'92t true, then it would not be so!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Boos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s not Sol\u8217\'92s will that takes grain out of the mouths of the poor. It\u8217\'92s not even the paid thugs and traitors who do it. It\u8217\'92s not Sol who pulls the Mazydei out from the pit of Hell. It\u8217\'92s Kings, Queens, and Princes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By now the Mazyd was coming to. His head was off the ground. His back was arched. His eyes were open. Pella was too rapt up in her sermon to notice it.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t take a brilliant mind to see through it. It takes a hungry one.  Every time a fat king refuses to buy grain at the ancient price, or debases the currency to pay for his wars of vanity, or kicks out a Jandrian tribe from sacred land -\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More boos. A few disorderly shouts and curses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what happens. Yes! You are what happens ! Hold on, Tenny, put your knife away. Someone take Tenny\u8217\'92s knife from him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like the way he looks!\u8221\'94 Tenny shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once order was restored, Pella continued on with her sermon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This pitiful dried cunt is a Mazydei. Light of the Empire. Wise and powerful. The culmination of centuries of art, alchemy, and fleshcraft, stretching all the way back to the great Saulistides. Leaders of men. Immortal. But the thing you really need to know is this: do not trust them. You think you\u8217\'92ve neutered the beast because you\u8217\'92ve cut off his hands, but his most potent weapon is his tongue. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazydei never lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Sure. You can trust their naked words. Trust their statements of fact, sure. But you can\u8217\'92t trust }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 them}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Trust }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 me }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 when I say that there is deceit behind every truth they tell.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that the Mazydei spit a wad of blue blood at Pella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? Something to say, demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not true.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Coming to your defense?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We do not lie. We are not deceitful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella let out one of her usual apathetic grunts. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, child, what is your name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazyd Oro.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazyd Oro\u8230\'85\u8221\'94  Pella repeated. The name fell out of her mouth like she was already bored of hearing it. She looked over to the rest of the Ayramun and brought them into the conversation with familiar shitbagsihds. \u8220\'93It means Eighth Light. That\u8217\'92s what it means. Mazyd Oro. Eighth Light. They number themselves like that. There used to be only seven Mazydei. I\u8217\'92ve met all of them. But here they\u8217\'92ve gone and made another.\u8221\'94 She turned back to Oro. \u8220\'93So, Oro - and you\u8217\'92ll forgive me if I dispense with formality here\u8230\'85Mazyd Oro is too much for me. So, Oro, do you know who I am?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This time Oro spoke up. There was a tinge of disgust in his voice.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were once Nearest to the Emperor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And my name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will not say it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A stifled laughter rumbled throughout the cave. The Ayramun took pride in their surrogate mother. Here she was, a woman who demanded respect from even the Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s greatest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Pella didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh. She didn\u8217\'92t even smile. Pyetle wondered if she even could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 Pella said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve always wondered about your numbering. First Light, Eighth Light\u8230\'85 If the Mazydei\u8217\'92s names are ordered like that then there has got to be some purpose to it. Maybe there\u8217\'92s a hierarchy - but that never made sense because you all seem to be interchangeable. One day I would be dealing with Mazyd Elay, and the next day it was Mazyd Por, with no variance in their abilities, knowledge, or affect. It was as if they were the same entity, occupying different bodies. So, and you\u8217\'92ll have to tell me if this is true, do you number yourselves just to cater to our silly human sensibilities?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t call it silly,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t think an ineffiecent cultural artifact like naming is beneath you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Names are practical things.  How else would you distinguish one person from another?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But is there any point in distinguishing one Mazydei from another?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would we do it if there was no point?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I want to know. Ever since I was a little girl I\u8217\'92ve suspected that the Mazydei are one being. One being, but putting on a front for us humans. You know, \u8216\'91This is Mazyd Oro and this is Mazyd Pel\u8217\'92, but really, you\u8217\'92re all the same mind. Is that how it is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not exactly, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then how is it, exactly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can not say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is impossible to condense our nature into something you could grasp. Any attempt would only create more misapprehension than is already there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Same, same, Mazydei. Never change Mazydei.  You think you\u8217\'92re better than us. No. You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0   you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re better than us. But just look at you. And you\u8217\'92re supposed to be an improvement, no? You\u8217\'92re the newest version. The Eighth. The best the Empire has to offer, yet here you are, reduced to a dry, quivering cunt. But you\u8217\'92ve got this\u8230\'85 this blindness to your own faults. Just look at you. You\u8217\'92ve lost. You\u8217\'92ve lost everything that matters but .No one likes the smell of their own shit more than a Mazydei.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We do not shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We literally do not shit.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it\u8217\'92s not coming out of your asshole, idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theres a kind of stillness when Pella didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get the laugh she was expecting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She means that the shit is coming out of his mouth. See its a play on words because she\u8217\'92s saying it\u8217\'92s coming out of his mouth. His words are shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mean to cause offense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever profane concoction the guild uses to brew your minds, it goes a little heavy on the arrogance. You would be formidable if you were more modest. Folks would like you more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}