{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-2021\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b0\i0\fi-2021\li4047\lin4047}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Steinbeck:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Loft said primly, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91It\u8217\'92s bad practice to leave it off\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hunter said irritably, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Loft drew himself up a little. His mouth thinned with certainty. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rigid cords in the neck}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Protuberant eyes}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Half-lidded eyes}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re a rangy man.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Insalubrious region\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 = }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (especially of a climate or locality) not salubrious; unhealthy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "a poor area full of insalubrious hotels"}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I hate the word \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91supercilious\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The man had been slipshod only in the telling.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gut feeling: discernment, hunch, instinct, intuition, perception}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gut reaction: instinctive reaction, reflex, spontaneous response}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gutless: boneless, cowardly, craven, soft, spineless, timid, weak, wimpy}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To have no stomach for: abhor, disapprove, dislike, reject, shun}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To spew one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s guts out (1): barf, hurl, regurgitate, throw up, vomit}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With fire in one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s belly: ambitious, driven, eager, resolved, zealous}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Assassinations, ruses and perfidy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Perfidy - untrustfulness}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Assignation. an appointment to meet someone in secret, typically one made by lovers.\line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Adumbration : to foreshadow vaguely}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Instar: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a phase between two periods of molting in the development of an insect larva or other invertebrate animal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crypsis: animals/insects matching the background in color and texture. A form of predator avoidance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 coterminous}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 anastomosing }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Peals of laughter}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Hachures}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:IPA/English"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u712\'27h\u230\'E6\u643\'3F\u650\'3F\u601\'3Frz/}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) are an older mode of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cartographic_relief_depiction"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 representing relief}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . They show orientation of slope, and by their thickness and overall density they provide a general sense of steepness }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Relict - a thing which has survived from an earlier period / in a primitive form.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \line Parsimony (ous) -}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 extreme unwillingness to spend money or use resources.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 principle of parsimony\~\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \~the scientific principle that things are usually connected or behave in the simplest or most economical way, especially with reference to alternative evolutionary pathways. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Specious - }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 superficially plausible, but actually wrong.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "a specious argument"}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 misleading in appearance, especially misleadingly attractive.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "the music trade gives Golden Oldies a specious appearance of novelty"}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Threnody - }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 s a wailing ode,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 song}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hymn"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hymn}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~or\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poem"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 poem}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mourning"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mourning}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~composed or performed as a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memorial"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 memorial}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to a dead person.\~ }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It happened enough that the Romans had a verb for it,\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 subiugare}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , from\~}{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 sub iugum}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~("under the yoke") from which we get "subjugate."\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 propinquity the state of being close to someone or something; proximity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ersatz (of a product) made or used as a substitute, typically an inferior one, for something else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "ersatz coffee"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bosques - riparian woodland.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Holy unction - }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 a ceremonial in Eastern Orthodox and various Catholic non-Roman churches of anointing with oil the dead or those in imminent danger of dying}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 peculation }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Definition of paroxysm1 :\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 a fit, attack, or sudden increase or recurrence of symptoms (as of a disease)}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~: convulsion a paroxysm of coughing convulsed \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 in the paroxysms of an epileptic seizure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Psychopomp - figure that helps passing over-  st.peter, grim reaper, charon.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Myxozoan - the only known animal (a simple parasite) that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t and physcially can\u8217\'92t use oxygen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~prurient obsession with intimacy.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Capitulate vs recapitulate meanings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain }