{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/77597"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/77597}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Man has ever found it difficult to understand the mysteries surrounding him on all sides, and groping in the dark he has tried by prayer, incantation or peculiar practices to force nature to do his bidding.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Superstition, therefore, arises primarily from ignorance. Early man believed that every phenomenon of nature was the work of a spirit or devil. His intelligence could not suggest any other explanation. To this belief was added fear. The thunder, the lightning, the earthquake, darkness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all filled him with fearful dread. To him\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 2]they were the workings of }{\f0\fs24\b1 spiteful powers to be propitiated.}{\f0\fs24\b0  Where ignorance and fear are surrounded by danger they will always grope for a way of escape. Thus superstition is born. A belief in the existence of spirits antagonistic to man gave rise to most of the old superstitions.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There is no nation, however ignorant or advanced, which does not recognize customs, rites, usages and beliefs which have their origin in superstition. The Bible speaks of such practices as had found their way from pagan sources into the monotheistic beliefs of the Israelites, calls them \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93abominations,\u8221\'94 and warns the Jews against them. The penalty of death was attached to sorcery, yet many of the superstitious practices continued to be observed, as is proved by the invocation by Saul of Samuel\u8217\'92s spirit. All the prophets spoke strenuously against the existing immoral and superstitious rites, and Judaism was probably the first religion that attempted to free itself from their shackles. In Egypt, Greece and Rome, superstition gave birth to mythology with its pagan rites and ceremonies. During the Dark and Middle Ages when people were for the most part illiterate, superstition flourished with unprecedented vigor. Every religious sect gave rise to new beliefs. The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 3]Crusades had the effect of bringing to Europe many oriental practices and ideas that in the course of time became grafted on the religious habits of the people, and not a few of them have been handed down to our own times.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Judaism free of superstition??? Lmaoooooo}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 he Fiji Islander, for example, believes that thunder is a sign of God\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s anger, and he falls flat on his face and mutters an invocation to appease the deity. To an enlightened European this becomes a superstition, yet this same European may wear an amulet or charm to ward off sickness or bad luck, and the Fiji Islander might be moved to laughter at the idea. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Similarly Christians have a superstition that Friday is a bad day to begin an important work, because Christ was crucified on that day. The fear of sitting down with thirteen at table had its origin in the Last Supper and its sad ending.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So also the belief that it is unlucky to sing before breakfast may have been taught by an indolent father who hated to have his morning slumbers disturbed by his daughter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s singing, and so frightened her off by an admonition appealing to her fear. Every superstition can probably be traced to a similar cause.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~The lady who will not go to a card party, unless she wears some particular amulet or jewel, the man who will not speculate or play cards without first touching his lucky coin or pocket-piece, the fisherman who spits on his bait for good luck, are all descendants of the primitive savage who tried by some secret method to force nature to be good to him.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One reason why superstition has not yet died out among intelligent people is because it is contagious. In colonial days in Salem even the learned professors and lawyers believed in witchcraft. It was in the very air. Children brought up in an atmosphere of credulity rarely rise above it. It is the hardest thing to shake off superstitious prejudices. }{\f0\fs24\b1 They are sucked, as it were, with our mother\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s milk,}{\f0\fs24\b0  and become so interwoven with our thoughts that a very strong mind is required to shake them off. They become a sort of religion, semisacred in their appeal. No wonder that the lower classes cannot abandon them and that even men of intellect cling to them.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 It was formerly customary in Germany to carry old dishes outside of the door and break them in the street. If a single piece escaped demolition, it was considered a bad sign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sprinkling the bride with wheat is a lucky sign. It takes the place of rice in some sections. Both are considered emblems of fruitfulness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Among the Slavs a can of beer is poured over the horse belonging to the bridegroom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Love the beats where its normie, normie, here comes the slavs}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the Middle Ages it was considered a bad omen if the couple met a cat, dog, lizard, serpent or hare; but to meet a wolf, spider or toad was a good sign.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 The notion that certain times of the year are more favorable to marriages than others, had its origin in the days of ancient Rome. The goddess Maia was not propitious to marital happiness, whereas Juno, as a good and virtuous wife of Jupiter, was the patron of happy marriages. Brides, therefore, selected June in preference to May, as their }{\f0\fs24\b1 hymeneal}{\f0\fs24\b0  month. For similar reasons March being dedicated to the god Mars, was not a favorable month, as disputes were apt to be the rule between the contracting parties. Every month had its good or bad influence.}
\par\plain {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 June is a popular month for marriages among Americans and Europeans. Some authorities believe that June\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s having the longest day of the year is symbolical of a long and happy marriage.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Getting married on Sunday is a sure sign of a fortunate union. Friday is a bad day on which to get married. Other days of the week are about equal in their effect upon the destinies of a married pair.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The power of making its wearer invisible was ascribed to the ring worn by King Gyges of Lydia, and it had also many other powers, such\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 18]as bringing together long separated friends, allaying jealously, etc.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 or cramp and abdominal pains, a ring made of a coffin nail is supposed to be efficacious.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Marcellus, an old Roman physician, prescribed for a pain in the side, a gold ring inscribed with certain Greek characters and worn on the hand of the side opposite the pain. Trallian, another ancient doctor, }{\f0\fs24\b1 cured colic and bilious complaints}{\f0\fs24\b0  by an octangular ring of iron on which he engraved a message to the disease to leave the body.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 During the Commonwealth in England, the Puritans tried to abolish wedding rings as being a remnant of heathen practice.}{ \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The ring, being round and without end, is a symbol of never-ending love and affection that should continue to flow in an uninterrupted circle.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A day that is good for one person may be correspondingly unlucky for another. What is one man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s food is another man\u8217\'92s poison.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 John Gibbons, an eminent scientist considered Friday an unusually lucky day. He was born, christened and married on that day and was fortunate in all of his undertakings.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 funny how its friday is unlucky, except for John Gibbons}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Romans had a habit of casting into an urn a stone every day, the color of the stone denoting whether the person was in good or bad luck. At the end of the year the stones were counted and a balance cast to see whether good or bad preponderated.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One of the most prevalent customs, indulged in by men of science as well as the illiterate man in the slums, is by touching or knocking on wood to ward off evil or prevent disappointment. Its origin is very much in doubt. Some attribute it to the ancient religious rite of touching a crucifix when taking an oath. It is also ascribed to the beads of a rosary touched in prayer. Among the ignorant peasants of Europe it may have had its beginning in the habit of knocking loudly to keep out evil spirits. Its introduction into this country seems to have been of recent date, but it has become well-nigh universal; even a president of the United States is accused of resorting to it.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The extreme tip of a calf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tongue, dried and carried in the pocket, will insure having some money always in your purse.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Women in pregnancy often refuse to take an oath before an officer of the court as it is supposed to influence the unborn child.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The Syrians used to speak of their ancestors as the progeny of eggs. The Hawaiians believe that their island was produced by the bursting of a huge egg which had been laid on the water by a bird.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The druids used eggs in their religious festivals and considered it the symbol of fecundity. Every druid wore an egg about his neck, encased in gold, as a symbol of his priestly authority.}{ \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Horse chestnuts or a small potato are considered efficacious charms against rheumatism. They must be carried in the pocket where they soon become hard and absorb all tendency to disease.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93mascot\u8221\'94 is of French origin and designates anything from a piece of string to a human being that is supposed to influence the Fates for the benefit of the possessor. A comic opera has been built around the idea, in which a king has very bad luck, until a pretty girl is sent to him as a mascot, when his fortune begins.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ships often take a mascot on board before they sail. This is usually a dog, monkey or goat, and insures a pleasant voyage.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 An old Roman general ascribed his defeat to the loss of a horseshoe. Benjamin Franklin paraphrased this by writing: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Through the loss of a nail a shoe was lost, through the loss of a shoe a horse was lost, through the loss of a horse a battle was lost.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A horseshoe should be hung with the open ends upwards, so that it will \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hold luck.\u8221\'94 If hung the other way, it will \u8220\'93spill luck.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }