{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78654"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78654}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The name of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93weald,\u8221\'94 rendered by Halliwell \u8220\'93forest,\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93woody country,\u8221\'94 betokens the nature of the district, which at the time of the Conquest, and for centuries after, was covered with dense woods where thousands of wild hogs roamed and fattened. This extensive tract of country had no legally defined boundaries, and one can easily understand how Lambarde, the Kentish historian, was so puzzled when he attempted to describe it, that he declared it easier to deny altogether the existence of the Weald than to define its boundaries with any accuracy. An approximate idea of its geographical position may be gained by observing that a traveller, starting from Edenbridge, and journeying through Tunbridge, Marden, Biddenden, and Tenterden to the Romney marshes, would pass through its centre.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Weald, covered as it then was with forests, was of little value as land; and hither, aided in his design by the sanguinary feuds at that time raging among the trade guilds of the Low Countries, the King induced about eighty respectable Flemish families to migrate and carry on the manufacture of cloth in the country which produced the wool. Exempt from taxation, and favoured by the royal patronage and many special privileges, the colony throve and grew rapidly. The Flemish settlers soon became naturalised, and increased in wealth and influence year by year; so that in the fifteenth century \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93their trade was of great importance, and exercised by persons who possessed most of the landed property in the weald.\u8221\'94 Thus writes Hasted in 1778, and adds, \u8220\'93Insomuch that almost all the antient families of these parts, now of large estates, are sprung from ancestors who have used this staple manufacture.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We read Caxton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s narrative of his birth in a new light, when we bear in mind that the inhabitants of the Weald had a strong admixture of Flemish blood in their best families, and that cloth was their chief and, probably, only manufacture. We understand why the Kentish dialect was so broad and rude, and we enter more heartily into the amusing anecdote in Caxton\u8217\'92s preface to the \u8220\'93Eneydos,\u8221\'94 where he tells of the good wife of Kent who knew what the Flemish word \u8220\'93eyren\u8221\'94 meant, but understood not the English word \u8220\'93eggs.\u8221\'94\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The age of twenty-one has always been considered as the period when a man arrives at his\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 legal}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~majority; but in the fifteenth century there was also what may be termed the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 civic}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~majority, which was not attained until three years later. This custom prevailed to the end of the seventeenth century; for in 1693 an Act of Common Council was passed enjoining the Chamberlain to ascertain that every candidate for admission to the freedom of the City had \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93reached the full age of twenty-four.\u8221\'94 The phrase \u8220\'93quousque ad etatem suam xxiiij annorum peruenerit,\u8221\'94 so commonly found in old wills, refers to this custom; and in view of it the indenture of an apprentice was always so drawn that on the commencement of his twenty-fifth year he might\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 issue}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~from his apprenticeship.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Evil May Day, as it was called, in 1517, when the apprentices rose against the foreigners, especially the French, and, notwithstanding the efforts of the Lord Mayor and aldermen, ravaged the City, burning houses and killing many persons, is recorded by the old chroniclers. The day was long remembered by the masters with fear, and by the apprentices with pride\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 although twelve of the latter ignominiously perished by the hands of the hangman after the suppression of the riot by the King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s troops.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s duties to his apprentice were to feed him, clothe him, and teach him well and truly his art and craft. Failing the fulfilment of these duties, the apprentice could, on complaint and proof shown before the Court of Aldermen, have his indentures cancelled, or be turned over to another master. On the other side, the apprentice made oath to serve his master well and truly, to keep all his secrets, to use no traffic on his own account, and to obey all lawful commands.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The London merchants of those days were very exclusive in their reception of apprentices, and perhaps none of them more so than the Mercers, who took precedence of all the City companies. The leading men of the great companies, as was natural, apprenticed their sons to one another, and thus the family names of Caxton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fellow-apprentices are the names also of the wardens, and the most substantial citizens of the period.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Robert Large, Caxton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s master, was one of the richest and most influential merchants in the City. He was a Mercer, and the son of a Mercer, and a native of the City of London. In 1430 he filled the office of Sheriff, and in 1439-40 that of Lord Mayor. The Mercers\u8217\'92 Company was then, as now, the oldest chartered company in existence, and among its members were comprised the merchants of highest standing in the City. It paid more money to the king\u8217\'92s revenue, sent to a \u8220\'93riding\u8221\'94 more well-mounted men, spent larger sums on its \u8220\'93liveries,\u8221\'94\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 9]and yielded from its ranks more sheriffs and mayors than any two City companies besides. Large was elected \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gardein\u8221\'94 (the old term for Warden) in 1427, and appears to have made himself very popular, if we may judge from the unusual expenditure on the Lord Mayor\u8217\'92s Day when he succeeded to the mayoralty. Carriages not having yet come into use, the procession to Westminster was on horseback, the Mercers on that occasion riding in new robes, preceded by sixteen trumpeters, blowing silver trumpets purchased for the occasion. A few liverymen who absented themselves were heavily fined.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The house in which Alderman Large resided no doubt presented a great contrast to Caxton\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s home in the Weald. It stood at the north end of the Old Jewry, and appears to have been a very ancient and extensive mansion. Stow, writing in 1598, gives a curious account of its vicissitudes, and sums up its history thus:\u8288\'3F\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 \u8220\'93sometime a Jews\u8217\'92 Synagogue, since a house of friars, then a nobleman\u8217\'92s house, after that a merchant\u8217\'92s house, wherein mayoralties have been kept, but now a wine tavern.\u8221\'94 Large resided there until his death. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the story of a development of the culture - first a house of religion, then a different religion, then an aristocrat, then a merchant.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Caxton, no\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 12]doubt, was witness of the great jousts in Smithfield in 1438, which lasted three weeks, and are so graphically described in one of the Lansdowne Manuscripts in the British Museum (No. 285), and his intense love for knightly sports may have there been first developed. But though sights of knights at tournaments were to be seen for nothing, common bread was very dear, and many deaths from starvation occurred in the same year. An old chronicle tells us that, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Men ate rye bread and barly, and bred mad of benes, peses, and fetches: and wel were hym that myghte haue ynowe thereof.\u8221\'94 In his own additions to the \u8220\'93Polycronicon\u8221\'94 Caxton is more than usually minute in his record of the events which occurred during the time of his apprenticeship. Speaking of this year, he recounts that \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b1 Corne was soo skarce that in some places poure peple made hem brede of fern rotes.\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This makes one cease to wonder at tumults and rebellion, and possibly some chord of pity was struck in Caxton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breast when certain men from his native county of Kent, called \u8220\'93Risers,\u8221\'94 were beheaded, and the heads of five of them were stuck on poles and left to rot over the southern gateway of London Bridge. In 1439 Large was elected Mayor, and at his \u8220\'93riding\u8221\'94 to Westminster and back, all his apprentices no doubt assisted to swell the shout in honour of their master, and to drink the wine which flowed freely from the conduits. But ere that year was ended a sad spectacle was seen on Tower Hill, when Richard Wyche, Vicar of Deptford, an old man of eighty years of age, was burnt for Lollardism. An old chronicler, at the end of his account of this martyrdom, adds, \u8220\'93for the which Sir Richard was made grete\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 mone}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~among the comyn peple;\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 and well they might moan, for his love and charity had won for him the strongest affection among the poor. He was first degraded \u8220\'93at Powly\u8217\'92s,\u8221\'94 and then taken away to Tower Hill, where he was roasted alive over a slow fire. The excitement among the people was intense, and on the night of this event all the watches throughout the city were doubled, so great were the fears entertained of a general rising.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Another grievous event appears, in the following year, to have excited the compassion of our young apprentice. On three alternate days Eleanor Chobham, the beautiful wife of Duke Humphrey, was landed on the banks of the Thames, and, accompanied by the mayor, sheriffs, and guilds of the city, walked to St. Paul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s barefooted, clad in a white sheet, and holding a taper, as a penance for her presumed sorceries with the witch of Eye. Caxton has narrated this at unusual length. There were great tournaments again this year in the Tower, as well as a desperate fight between the citizens and a body of courtiers, for which the former, although first invaded and then attacked, were heavily fined by the king. The old chronicler describes the fray as \u8220\'93a great debate by the night time, where through shots of bows there were many hurt foul and slain.\u8221\'94 But the chief event of this period, considered in its bearing upon Caxton\u8217\'92s destiny, was the conclusion of a three years\u8217\'92 peace between England and Flanders. This, coupled with the termination of the war which had raged furiously between Holland and Zealand and Hamburgh, was probably a material cause in determining Caxton\u8217\'92s departure from England.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We must not forget that Caxton was not released from his indentures by the death of his master. If he wished to continue\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 14]his career as a merchant, whether in England or abroad, he was obliged to serve out his apprenticeship; and that he did so we gather from his admission in after years to the livery of the Mercers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 Company. Executors were bound to provide the apprentices of a deceased trader with a new home; and it would seem that the original master might appoint a new master by his will, or of his own accord assign the apprentice during his lifetime, without making the apprentice himself a party to the assignment. So far as we know, Large made no arrangement of this kind; and it appears probable that the usual course of providing a new master for the bereaved apprentice was adopted by the executors in Caxton\u8217\'92s case. Moreover, it was not uncommon for young men in his position to be sent to some foreign town to obtain experience in trade. Wheeler says, \u8220\'93The Merchants Adventurers send their yong men, sonnes, and servantes or apprentices, who for the most parte are Gentlemens sonnes, to the Marte Townes beyonde the seas, there to learne good facions and knowledge in trade.\u8221\'94 Whether Caxton left England by his own desire, or at the instance of his new master, or by the invitation of a foreign friend, is unknown; but that he took up his abode in the Low Countries, and probably at Bruges, in 1441, the year in which his first master died, we gather from his own words in the prologue to \u8220\'93The Recuyell,\u8221\'94 where he states that he had then, in 1471, been abroad for thirty years. Thither probably he carried with him no more than the twenty marks (equal to about \u163\'A3150 at the present day) bequeathed to him by Alderman Large.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We will now ask the reader to imagine fourteen years passed since Caxton first began working at his new art. It is not difficult to picture the wooden building in the almonry occupied by his sedate but busy workmen. We can look in at yonder window, and see the venerable master printer himself \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93sittyng in his studye where lay many and dyuerse paunflettis and bookys.\u8221\'94 The great towers of Westminster Abbey cast their shadow across the room, for he is an early riser and already at work upon his translation of the new French romance, called \u8220\'93Eneydos.\u8221\'94 The \u8220\'93fayre and ornate termes\u8221\'94 of his author give him \u8220\'93grete plasyr,\u8221\'94 and he labours, almost without intermission, till the low sun, blazing from the western windows, warns him of the day\u8217\'92s decline. Again, we watch him pass with observant\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 94]eye through the rooms where his servants are at work; we see the movements of the compositors, who ply their rapid fingers close to the narrow windows; we hear the thud-thud of the wooden presses as the workmen \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93pull to\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93send home\u8221\'94 the \u8220\'93bar,\u8221\'94 discussing meanwhile the latest news; and we sympathise with the binder, who, hammering away at the volume between his knees, looks in despair at the ever-increasing progeny of his master\u8217\'92s art. Piles of books and printed \u8220\'93quayers\u8221\'94 rise on all sides, and many a wise head is ominously shaken at the folly of supposing that purchasers can be found for so many books. Nevertheless Caxton pursues his busy course, ever at work with mind and body, preparing copy for the press, and guiding and instructing his workmen in the art which he had learned in Bruges at \u8220\'93grete charge and dispense,\u8221\'94 and the practices of which are to be explained in the following chapter.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Wynken de Worde, who was probably a native of the town of Worth in Belgium, appears to have been the chief man. When he entered Caxton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s service is unknown; it was probably at an early age, as he was still living in the year 1535. In 1491 he succeeded to the stock in trade of his deceased master, but he did not append his own name to his books until 1493. He used many varieties of Caxton\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93mark.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Before the invention of printing, the art of book-making, mechanically considered, was divided into three departments: the manufacture of the material upon which to write, almost entirely parchment or vellum; the ink making and the writing, the scribe being his own ink maker; and the binding. Illuminators there were, of course, but their work was merely ornamental, and by no means necessary to the idea of a book. In monasteries famous for the diffusion of learning all these branches were carried on together. So has it been with printers, who, from the infancy of their art to the present time, have occasionally included everything necessary to a perfect book in one establishment. If all the trades which, either directly or indirectly, are called into operation by printers were to be enumerated, few indeed would be omitted; nevertheless, the absolute necessaries for the production of a book are\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the material upon which to print, the types and presses with which to print, and the workmen to handle them. We will, therefore, consider Caxton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s books under the following heads:\u8288\'3F\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 


\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280

\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\sa180\sb180\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 The paper.}
\par\plain \intbl\itap1{\f0\fs24\b0 The types.}
\par\plain \intbl\itap1{\f0\fs24\b0 The compositor.}
\par\plain \intbl\itap1{\f0\fs24\b0 The press, the pressman, and the ink.}
\par\plain \intbl\itap1{\f0\fs24\b0 The bookbinder.}\cell 
\pard\plain \intbl\itap1\sa180\sb180\ql{\f0\fs24\b0 To these may be added, although not as necessary assistants:}
\par\plain \intbl\itap1{\f0\fs24\b0 The rubricator, illuminator, and wood-engraver.}\cell{
\trowd\trgaph0 \trautofit1\lastrow \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil \trbrdrb\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx8640

\clvertalt \clshdrawnil\clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \cellx17280
\row}\pard
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The quality of the paper varied considerably, though not to the extent apparent in the books as they now exist\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 chemical \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93doctoring\u8221\'94 and washing, which have in many instances been resorted to for cleansing purposes, having weakened and rotted much of the paper so treated, whilst the untouched specimens remain strong and fibrous. We observe in books still in the original bindings, and apparently untouched, that the paper was rough\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sometimes very rough\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 on the surface, with long hairs frequently imbedded in it, and marks where many more had been removed; of a strong fibrous texture, unbleached, and of a clear mellow whiteness, indicating an absence of colouring matter in the pulp.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The accompanying woodcut shows a paper-mill of this period. A water-wheel was arranged to turn a wooden shaft upon which were rows of cogs which continually lifted up to the height of a few inches a number of wooden pestles, and then let them fall upon the material, which was always in shallow water. The whole of the fibre was thus retained with its length and strength uninjured. When the pulp was ready it was taken up, in small quantities, into the hand-mould, and formed into a sheet. There would be no difficulty whatever in making paper nowadays in a similar manner, only no one in the trade would spare the time\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 97]and labour, and no one out of the trade would pay for the cost and trouble of its production.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The unevenness in thickness and colour to which the manufacture was liable at this early period, appears to have necessitated a sorting of the sheets after they came from the mill; those nearest to each other in colour and weight being put together. This system of selection was adopted occasionally for single copies, economy being doubtless the inducement. When two or three examples of a book can be compared together this fact is often very evident, as in the two copies of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Knight of the Tower\u8221\'94 which are in the British Museum, where the variation in quality is too great to be accounted for except by this practice of selection. Several other instances show that Caxton, when preparing to print a new volume, told off the paper separately for certain copies. This custom also accounts for the astonishing variety of water-marks frequently found in one volume.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Some possessors of uncut specimens of Caxton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s press have imagined them to be \u8220\'93large-paper copies,\u8221\'94 but we have no evidence that Caxton designedly printed special copies, except, perhaps, in the instances of the vellum \u8220\'93Doctrinal\u8221\'94 and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 98]\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Directorium,\u8221\'94 hereafter to be noticed, but of these the appearance is by no means that of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 livres de luxe}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch }