{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The purpose of presuppositional apologetics is to defeat the requirement of providing empirical evidence for god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the secular view, belief in any given claim is a justified belief only if the claim meets some evidentiary burden. Consider, for example, the claim that there is a teapot orbiting Jupiter. One is justified in believing this claim if there exists evidence to support it. If we point a satellite at Jupiter and receive data which suggests there is a teapot orbiting Jupiter, we would be justified in holding the belief. If we are not able to gather any evidence to support the claim, we would not be justified in holding to the belief.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Many people believe in a deity. Some of these people want to claim that their belief in a deity is justified. But if a justified belief is an empirically evidenced belief, then the deity claim is not justified, as it has not been empirically evidenced.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some might claim that there is empirical evidence for some given deity. Perhaps they have personally witnessed a ghost, heard a foreign voice in their head, had a revelatory near-death experience, or otherwise witnessed a miracle. Regardless of the veracity of these claims, the interpretation that these experiences are divinely inspired does not necessarily follow from the raw facts. It is known that such experiences can have as their cause illness, such as parkinsons, or perhaps it was some drug-induced state, or an allergic reaction, migraine hallucinations, or simply a magician\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trick, as James Randi can attest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nestled inside that set of theists who want their theistic beliefs to be justified is a subset who also believe that theistic claims have not provided sufficient emperical proof of the claims. So what then? Enter presuppositional apologetics. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The purpose of persuppositional apologetics is to refocus the entire concept of justified belief, and lead it away from any empirical commitments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The tactic is as follows.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PA = presupp apologist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SR = Standard response}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PA: You say you will only believe something if you have empirical proof. But why do you believe empirical proof necessarily leads to truth?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SR: Because empirical proof is the most reliable way of investigating reality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PA: But how do you know that there such a thing as reality that empircal proof corresponds to?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SR: I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. It\u8217\'92s impossible to say that. That is the hard problem of solipsism - that we can\u8217\'92t actually prove that an external world exists. To do anything we must simply assume that it does exist. But I\u8217\'92m comfortable making that assumption.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PA: So you have a belief that external reality exists, but you have no actual empirical evidence that it does. Therefore, there are some beliefs that are justifiable that do not require empirical evidence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SR: Sure. But God is not one of those beliefs. Assuming the external world exists is a requirement to learn anything. I am not required to believe that God exists to do that. So the God claim belongs to a different category of claims than the claim of external reality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PA: Au contraire. If you pressuppose that an external reality exists and that you can learn about, aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you also presupposing the claim that logic and reason are reliable? After all, how can you learn about something if logic and reason aren\u8217\'92t reliable?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SR: I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s necessary to presuppose that logic and reason are reliable. It think that becomes self-evident through induction. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PA: Then you have no ultimate grounding for anything that you know about external reality.  If your trust in the reliability of logic only comes through induction, then you *could* be wrong about it. This is the standard problem of induction, no?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SR: Sure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PA: Then you must see how all of your knowledge is hollow, how you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be certain of anything. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 there is an external world out there }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Presuppositionalists contrast their approach with the other schools of Christian apologetics by describing the others as assuming that the world is intelligible apart from belief in the existence of God and then arguing on purportedly neutral grounds to support trusting the Christian\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scripture"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Scriptures}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and the existence of God. Specifically, presuppositionalists describe\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Aquinas"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Thomistic}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(also "Traditional" or "Classical") apologetics as concentrating on the first aspect of apologetics with its\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logical_argument"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 logical proofs}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~for the existence of God, simply assuming common ground with the non-Christian and using a piece-by-piece methodology. In this scheme, the common foundation of neutral\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brute_fact"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 brute facts}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~leads to a generic concept of deity, then to the various characteristics of the Christian God as revealed in Scripture, and so forth. Piece-by-piece, Christian theology is built up from a neutral common ground.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Presuppositionalists assert that many of the classical arguments are logically fallacious, or do not prove enough, when used as arguments to prove the existence or character of God.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Presuppositional_apologetics#cite_note-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 a]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~They criticize both the assumption of neutrality and the "block house" or "piecemeal" method for failing to start at the level of the controlling beliefs of worldviews and implicitly allowing non-Christian assumptions from the start, thereby trying to build a Christian "house" on a non-Christian "foundation".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Presuppositional_apologetics#cite_note-FOOTNOTEvan_Til1967122%E2%80%9323,_126%E2%80%9329,_131%E2%80%9332-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Presuppositional_apologetics#cite_note-FOOTNOTEBahnsen1998266%E2%80%9368-7"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Evidentialists demur from this assessment, claiming that presuppositionalism amounts to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fideism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 fideism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~because it rejects the idea of shared points of reference between the Christian and non-Christian from which they may reason in common.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The conclusion of evidential apologetics is that the Bible's historical accounts and other truth-claims are more probably true than false, thus the whole of scriptural revelation may be rationally accepted, and where we can't approach absolute certainty we must accept the explanations most likely to be true}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The goal of presuppositional apologetics, on the other hand, is to argue that the assumptions and actions of non-Christians require them to believe certain things about God, man, and the world which they claim not to believe. This type of argument is technically called a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reductio_ad_absurdum"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 reductio ad absurdum}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in that it attempts to reduce the opposition to holding an absurd, i.e., self-contradictory position; in this case, both believing in facts of Christian revelation (in practice) and denying them (in word). So, in essence, evidential apologetics attempts to build upon a shared acceptance of self-evident or worldview-neutral facts, while presuppositional apologetics attempts to claim all facts for the Calvinistic Christian worldview as the only framework in which they are intelligible}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\b0 <$Scr_H::1>T}{\f0\fs48\b0 ranscendental argument for the existence of God<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Transcendental arguments take the form of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modus_ponens"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 modus ponens}}{\f0\fs24\b0 :}
\par\pard\plain \sb120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 If possibly\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 P}{\f0\fs24\b0 , then necessarily\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Q}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Actually\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 P}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\pard\plain \sa120\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Therefore, necessarily\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Q}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 They are also sometimes said to be distinct from standard\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deductive_reasoning"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 deductive}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inductive_reasoning"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 inductive}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~forms of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reason"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 reasoning}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , although this has been disputed, for instance by Anthony Genova}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transcendental_argument_for_the_existence_of_God#cite_note-3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and Graham Bird.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transcendental_argument_for_the_existence_of_God#cite_note-4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 4]}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 There are many variants of the transcendental argument for the existence of God, but they generally proceed as follows:}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transcendental_argument_for_the_existence_of_God#cite_note-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 If there is a transcendental unity of apperception, God exists.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 There is a transcendental unity of apperception.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Therefore, God exists.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barry_Stroud"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Barry Stroud}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~has criticized transcendental arguments, distinguishing between epistemic and metaphysical transcendental arguments. The former says the belief in God (which might be false) is necessary to make sense of the world, while the latter says the existence of God is necessary to make sense of the world. Stroud argues transcendental arguments often only establish the former, but assert the latter}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Infidels"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Internet Infidels}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~co-founder Jeffery Jay Lowder has argued that the presuppositional apologetics' version of TAG is fatally flawed for numerous reasons.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transcendental_argument_for_the_existence_of_God#cite_note-8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 8]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~First, Bahnsen fails to defend the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 necessity}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of Christianity instead of the mere\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sufficiency}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~for the rational justification of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laws_of_Logic"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 laws of logic}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniformity_of_nature"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 laws of science}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morality"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 laws of morality}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . In other words, such reasoning\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affirming_the_consequent"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 affirms the consequent}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Second, Bahnsen conflates "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atheism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 atheism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 " with "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Materialism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 materialism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 " and has really presented an argument against materialism, not an argument for Christianity. Third, Bahnsen believed that the laws of logic, laws of science, and laws of morality are\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_objects"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 abstract objects}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , but Christianity arguably underdetermines the relationship between God and abstract objects. Some Christian philosophers, such as\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_van_Inwagen"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Peter van Inwagen}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , affirm\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Platonism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Platonism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and the compatibility of God and abstract objects. But other Christian philosophers argue that Platonism is incompatible with\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aseity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 divine aseity}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Lane_Craig"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 William Lane Craig}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~urges Christian philosophers to consider anti-realist theories of abstract objects}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Apologists who follow Van Til earned the label "presuppositional" because of their central tenet that the Christian must at all times presuppose the supernatural revelation of the Bible as the ultimate arbiter of truth and error in order to know anything. Christians, they say, can assume nothing less because all human thought presupposes the existence of the God of the Bible.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They claim that by accepting the assumptions of non-Christians, which fundamentally deny the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trinity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Trinitarian}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~God of the Bible, one could not even formulate an intelligible argument.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 According to Frame, "[Van Til's] major complaints against competing apologetic methods are theological complaints, that is, that they compromise the incomprehensibility of God,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Total_depravity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 total depravity}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , the clarity of natural revelation, God's comprehensive control over\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creation_myth"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 creation}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and so on."}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Within their presuppositionalist framework, Van Tillians do often use foundational concepts for Thomistic and Evidentialist arguments (belief in the uniformity of natural causes, for example), but they are unwilling to grant that such beliefs are justifiable on "natural" (neutral) grounds. Rather, Van Tillians employ these beliefs, which they justify on Biblical grounds, in the service of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transcendental_arguments"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 transcendental arguments}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , which are a sort of meta-argument about foundational principles, necessary preconditions, in which the non-Christian's worldview is shown to be incoherent in and of itself and intelligible only because it borrows capital from the Christian worldview.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Van Til summarized the main drive of his apologetic by saying: "the only proof for the existence of God is that without God you couldn't prove anything."}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 he primary job of the apologist is, therefore, simply to confront the unbeliever with the fact that, while he is verbally denying the truth, he is nonetheless practically behaving in accord with it. Van Til illustrated this alleged inconsistency as a child, elevated on the father's knee, reaching up to slap his face, and Bahnsen used the analogy of a man breathing out air to make the argument that air doesn't exist.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Another important aspect of the Van Tillian apologetical program is the distinction between\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 proof}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 persuasion}{\f0\fs24\b0 . According to the first chapter of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epistle_to_the_Romans"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Epistle to the Romans}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , man has ample proof in all of creation of God's existence and attributes but chooses to suppress it.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Clark's system has been described by Gary Crampton as, "The 66 books of the Old and New Testaments are self-attesting and self-authenticating. Scripture stands in judgment over all books and ideas, and it is to be judged by no person or thing. The Bible alone is the Word of God. This is the Protestant principle of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sola_scriptura"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 sola scriptura}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Testing for internal contradiction exemplifies Clark's strict reliance on the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_logic"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 laws of logic}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(he famously translates the first verse of the Gospel of John as "In the beginning was the Logic, and the Logic was with God, and the Logic was God.")}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Presuppositional_apologetics#cite_note-FOOTNOTEClark1998115%E2%80%9322-31"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 29]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Thus, in order to invalidate non-Christian worldviews, one must simply show how a different presupposition results in necessary logical contradictions, while showing that presupposing the Bible leads to no logical contradiction. By contrast, some Van Tillians have suggested that God as He has revealed Himself in Scripture reveals apparent paradoxes.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 However, Clark allowed that presupposing axioms (or "first principles") themselves do not make a philosophical system true, including his own; the fact that all worldviews he examined other than Christianity had internal contradictions only made Christianity highly more probable as truth, but not necessarily so.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I}{\f0\fs24\b0  highly recommend the following summaries from Dr. James White and Dr. R.C. Sproul. The former being a high-profile proponent and the later a well-known critic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0 s Dr. James White states: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There can be}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 no neutrality}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in the universe created by the triune God, hence there can be\~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 no pretended place of neutrality}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~where we can stand with the unbeliever outside of the lordship of Christ. Every fact (if it is a fact) is so because Jesus made it what it is. I am called to proclaim Jesus as LORD\~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 not merely at the final conclusion of a long line of arguments}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~that are submitted to a rebellious creature for his approval but\~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 as the first and central reality that makes all knowledge and wisdom possible}{\f0\fs24\b0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 [Emphasis mine]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 White goes on to talk about evidence, explaining that evidence can be presented to the unbeliever, but not \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 as a basis upon with they are to believe.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 They already have, according to Romans 1, knowledge of God, but they are suppressing that knowledge.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 [Again, emphasis mine.]}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 R}{\f0\fs24\b0 ather than asking if the Christian worldview is supported by the facts, Presuppositionalism says that the Christian worldview must be declared from the outset.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I}{\f0\fs24\b0 n other words, according to Presuppositionalism, we are not supposed to look at the facts to objectively determine whether the claims of Christianity are true, as Christians have done historically, rather we are to declare that the Biblical worldview is true and then go from there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRUT5JtnSmw"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRUT5JtnSmw}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s circular, van till admits its circular. But van till says, all arguments are circular. It seems he\u8217\'92s never heard of the munchausen trilemma. - logical violation. Van til says its a particular type of circular reasoning, but here is a second type of logical fallacy - equivocation. The meaning of the term circular changes in the argument. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}