{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri was sure no one would notice, he stole himself away, ducked down behind a bush, sliced open the tip of his God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon and dabbed one meager droplet of its juice onto his tongue\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no more than that. The idea was to escape himself and liven up the day\u8217\'92s journey, not end up catatonic like before. And this moment was the perfect moment, because the sun had just bobbed up above the horizon and the drug\u8217\'92s dissociative effects would kick in right around mid-morning, when the heat would get under his robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He plugged the tiny hole he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made in the burgeon with a tiny thorn from the bush, and he stuffed the blessed fruit into his robe to save for later. If he rationed it carefully he could make the juice last for a week. He would roll the rest of the burgeon flat and dry it out, and from there he\u8217\'92d experiment to discover the best method of ingestion. Then, maybe, he could steal another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rejoined the march through the vast expanse of emptiness. He avoided idle conversation, for he was intent on documenting the peculiarities of God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye sight as it came.  Thankfully, the world around him possessed no black splotches to fall into, nothing like that sooted ceiling in Seb\u8217\'92s cave. The darkest color was were the purplish shadows cast by scattered sandstone rocks, but as the sun continued to rise these shadows shifted blue to match the richness of the atmosphere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A whole hand passed and nothing happened. Mandri wondered if he needed to double the dose, but he was scared to do it. It wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t end well for him if he took too much and collapsed into the Sand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb would search his robes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d find the burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the plan, so he soldiered on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Soon it was past mid-morning and the heat was picking up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri licked his lips because his mouth was dry. Burgeons have a way of doing that, but so does the sun. The ground in this part of the desert was a few shades nearer to white, so it reflected the sun a few shades nearer to unbearable. He could feel his face hardening into that squint that every outland poke wore the world over. It hurt to look in any direction but up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This limitation added some difficulty to his quest of cataloging the effects of the burgeon. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t suspect that a good measure of this blinding brightness was due to the burgeon itself, and he only realized it when the whole world flashed white.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He tried blinking it out, but this only triggered another flash, and then a purer, shimmering divine light flooded into his sight from the periphery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gasped and shut his eyes, but even closed, his vision boiled with that light. It was a whiteness which churned and split into an iridescent swirl. When he opened his eyes again the world was not the same as it was before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What he saw was God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye sight, akin burgeonsight, only grander, for more than glistening surfaces he saw a web of threads weaving in and out of everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fibrous threads of unveiled purpose tufting up from the skin of every surface. Rainbow filaments carpeted the sand like grass, covered the rocks, covered the entire world. Everything was bristling with these flighty fibers of purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some of these filament threads formed a taut web, glistening, pulsing, though difficult to see. It was most clearly between Ayram and Moto, who walked in front. Mandri could see their Sparks shimmering inside their stomachs, and the space between their arms was webbed with iridescent threads. They moved apart, and the threads connecting their skin and robes stretched and split, reached and rejoined, and through it all their Sparks stayed linked by a thicker, brighter string. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both of their Sparks were connected to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Down inside Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own stomach was a white-hot knot of shimmering light whose edges glittered red, green, and blue. He moved to touch it, and as his fingers approached, translucent hairs with an iridescent sheen reached out to touch his finger-tip, then stuck to it, and seemed to pull the finger closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His fingers stopped at his belly\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin, sheeted by his robe, though it looked like he could reach inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He swung his foot up over the ground in front of him, and threads reached up from the sand, as if alive, and latched onto the sole of his shoe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked behind and saw that his Spark was connected to Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and hers and his were connected to Elrahet\u8217\'92s, and everyone\u8217\'92s was connected to everyone else\u8217\'92s, each as bright as every other, save for Elrahet\u8217\'92s, whose Spark outshone them all\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it nearly outshone the sun which rose into the sky behind her. More than anyone else she was enmeshed in a complex web of purpose, and these fibers, every one, were hereby joined in Mandrameen\u8217\'92s eye, for his sight was the spindle that bound them together into a yarn which wound around his mind and back out through his iris and into the world, a wire spun tight and then unraveling, a continuous threading and re-threading of purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri lamented the lack of materials, for he was struck by an overwhelming urge to record the moment. If he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only had a stick of charcoal and a sheet of paper he could start sketching right then and there. The moment was pleading with him to be given its own sacred body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a drawing in a frame\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so that it might move about the world and inject the moment\u8217\'92s purpose into every future moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sketch it out now as he saw it, details would be forgotten. After one night\u8217\'92s sleep and they\u8217\'92d be lost forever. It was hopeless to even try.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep walking,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled as she passed him. The wind flicked hem of her desert-bitten robe, stretching and snapping filaments of purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then he noticed a thin, shimmering strand extend out of Elarhet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark and shoot up into the sky. He followed its path and saw it touch a vulture which wheeled overhead. It was then that Mandri realized that Elrahet had more threads connecting to her than there were living things around them. She was a locus for this web of purpose. Some dug into the sand, to lizards or snakes or fleas. One thread was of particular interest, for it ended in a rock some yards away\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a natural, red, sway-backed block of sandstone. The sand was littered with many of these slumpy boulders, but only one drew a thread into its core, and it was bright thread, as bright as any connecting to the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri walked towards it to investigate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sound vibrated along these threads. The faint scream of the vulture above, the sparkling sizzle of sand sweeping along ground, the thupping of leather-bound feet sprinting along the sand. The sound of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice yelling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yelling what?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you blind!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A hand grabbed his shoulder and yanked him back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He fell on to his ass. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was, indeed, Moteah. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give him time to complain about her interruption, for she grabbed onto Obo\u8217\'92s litter and began pulling them both away from the rock, and this triggered . He desperately wanted to see how Obo\u8217\'92s pseudospark fit into this vision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let go!\u8221\'94 he shouted, but Moteah only stopped when she was satisfied. When she let go she and nearly screamed, \u8220\'93Are you insane!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By now the others had doubled back and joined Moteah, and each of them was st. To Mandri they seemed snared in silken cocoon. So obscured were they by the threads connecting each other, that he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even see their mouths when they spoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you he\u8217\'92s got a dim Spark,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, realizing he should say or do something normal to appear like he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t tickle-berried, blurted out, \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah picked up a loose pebble, then side-armed it at the boulder that Mandri had been hunting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pebble smacked into the boulder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The boulder flinched and hissed, flashing its yellow fangs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a red demon with flat, rock-patterned scales that melted into each other as settled back into its hunched squat. It blended in so neatly with all the sandstone boulders scattered about, that Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s addled mind had trouble seeing it for what it was. The only real tell-tale sign was the organic line of corded muscle roping around its shoulders. And these were human shoulders which sprouted human arms, or rather, human-ish, for creature was the size of a dog, and its hands were curled and clawed like those of a long-lived pillow lizard , those favored pets of outland kings. It\u8217\'92s face was a mixture of the grotesque\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it had the scrunched-up snout of a flat-faced pig, the nose and drooling flews of a hunting hound, and ugliest of all was its outsized skull, a human skull with deep sockets framing yellow, snake-slitted eyes that stared unblinking at the crowd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill it!\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun all laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not worth the effort,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s a demon!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a sword, don\u8217\'92t you? If you want to kill it, then kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demon seemed netted in a thread of purpose, connected to the web of the Ayramun, connected to him. Some of these strands stuck to his legs. He could almost feel the demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s teeth sinking into his flesh, scratching another nick into is thigh bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A demon is hard to kill,\u8221\'94 Ayram asserted. \u8220\'93Easy to wound, but if that\u8217\'92s all you do then you have to chase it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8230\'85it\u8230\'85it,\u8221\'94 Mandri stammered, unable to express a cogent thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re dumber than Schisol\u8217\'92s shadow. They\u8217\'92ve got no spine when they\u8217\'92re alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be fine as long as you don\u8217\'92t present yourself as meat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe what he was hearing. He\u8217\'92d heard a million rumors about demons, and not one suggested they were dumb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah hit it with a rock and it still thinks that we can\u8217\'92t see it. I got eye contact with the damned thing, and it still thinks that I don\u8217\'92t know its there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram reached down, grabbed an Ayram-sized throwing stone and turned the heavy thing around in his hand until he found a good grip. He fixed his gaze upon the demon, and his long arm, like a whip, zipped that rock straight at that demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SMACK!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock exploded into fragments and dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demon shrieked as it flew back into a tumble. Blood gargled out of its smashed up snout as it tried to scramble upright, but Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stone had robbed its legs of confidence. It juddered, slipped, and fell again. It was such a broken mess that Mandri almost felt bad for it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eventually it staggered up on all fours, then limp-sprinted away, zig-zagging left and right as if unsure of which way to flee. Then it came to a sudden stop and squatted back down in the dirt, re-assuming the shape of a rock. It was hidden\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or so it thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Makes good target practice,\u8221\'94 Ayram muttered. Then a bright idea flashed in his wild eyes. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have Mandri have a go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He grabbed Mandri and lifted him up, then lifted Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s litter off his back, then spun the Mazid around so that Obo faced the demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s see you kill it with Mazidfire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was stunned by the sight of Obo, whose pseudospark glowed dim in his distended stomach. It was an empty vessel, for the thread connecting Mandri to Obo was thicker, brighter, larger than any other in sight, and a white light pulsed through it, sourced from Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark, and when it hit Obo\u8217\'92s pseudospark the white exploded into a web of shifting color which pulsed in waves underneath Obo\u8217\'92s robes, revealing contours of his scrawny, severed self. The color was richest in his revealed face, where his once-white skin glistened with iridescent purpose. And his eyes, the sheen of his silver eyes was subsumed by the flow of rainbowed color.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 said Obo, oblivious to the stunning beauty of the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri heard a grumbled sigh behind him, and Elrahet. As she moved it seemed the she dragged the world along with her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Focus,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Breathe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sipped a breath to recompose himself. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d almost regrounded himself when Elrahet\u8217\'92s hand jutted out of the threads wrapping around her, and in that hand was a knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Threads connecting Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark to Moteah\u8217\'92s were severed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His whole body pulsed with color and his mind slumped into its seat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She swung out again the cut the thread connecting Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark to Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of nothing but the Mazid,\u8221\'94 she mumbled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had no choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Soon there were only two threads attached to his Spark\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one to Obo, and one to the demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He reached out with his handless arm. He could feel his hand as if it were really there. He could feel it squeezing against Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart, squeezing in time with his Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He poured all his energy into that hand, and Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bald head twitched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt his Spark burn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders crimped\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a faint golden glow began to shine through the skin of Obo\u8217\'92s throat. The Mazid opened his mouth towards the heavens and as just as Mandri\u8217\'92s eye caught side of a spark of Mazidfire, a searing pain shot through his severed wrist and he shrieked, \u8220\'93EAUUUGGHH!!!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It felt as if the flaming circle of the sun had fallen from the heavens and chopped off his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He collapsed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He groaned and twisted in that fibrous grass of purpose that floated above the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting,\u8221\'94 said Moto, impressed. \u8220\'93He almost did it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri writhed for a finger more, clutching his severed wrist against his chest. By the time he was back inside his own skin, only Ayram and Obo were remained. The rest had resumed the journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good enough for now,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, and he left as well.}}