{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This will be a long post, but I wish to share my experience, hoping it might be somehow helpful to anyone that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going through something similar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I had a 6-year relationship with a girl diagnosed with BPD, and I learned a lot\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85though, please, understand that I am not an expert on this condition and I\u8217\'92m trying to keep it simple, this comes from my experience and what I could study about the subject. Feel free to improve or correct whatever I say here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) is a clinical condition that requires long-term treatment, usually a medication-based treatment to manage emotional instability (which must be prescribed by a psychiatrist or neurologist -at least in the country I live in), and constant psychological support through cognitive and behavioral therapy. It is characterized by an intense fear of being abandoned or rejected, distorted self-image or conflictive feelings about their identity, dysfunctional and disruptive behavior, and a general and in some cases total loss of emotional control, so their mood undergoes sudden and intense changes. Their emotional state is generally turbulent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People affected by this disorder tend to be highly reactive and impulsive precisely because of their lack of emotional control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As with any clinical condition, it is diagnosed at different levels, which are evaluated by the degree of affectation manifested by the symptoms or personality traits that comprehend the disorder. Its cause is often related to abuse or family dysfunction; though physiological factors also play a role in some cases.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They feel a strong need to defend what they believe helps them feel at peace, calm, and stable, although they do so in inappropriate ways and fight back in the face of irrational fears or worries. In some cases, their worries are delusional. They usually have a strong need for immediate gratification, and don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cope with frustration. Their expectations are unattainable and edge on the absurd, but they can be very skillful at arguing for their demands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any feeling of loss or frustration, even the mere idea of losing something or not getting something, generates high levels of anxiety and distress on them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BPD is like having a built-in instant-action explosive integrated... when they don't receive adequate treatment, any event, word, situation, idea, tone of voice, etc., anything that might provoke discomfort, is the spark that causes that bomb to explode immediately. And the things that can cause discomfort are very ambiguous, completely subjective, and even circumstantial.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And when it explodes, they can suddenly go into severe, though short-lived, depressive episodes or into states of rage/anger that they can't manage. And in these states, they can commit acts that put their health, physical integrity and their social, professional, and financial lives at risk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Treatment attempts to put a fuse on that bomb, making the fuse progressively longer so they have time to extinguish it before it explodes. The basis lies in containing their emotions and cognitively reinterpreting what they experience. It's a long-term effort; it's not something that can be cured, it's something they learn to manage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's a very complex situation; those diagnosed with this condition need a lot of help. Support networks are very important; they need empathy and patience, and a lot of discipline and focus to maintain their treatment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a relationship with a person diagnosed with BPD, long and intense arguments and fights are common, sometimes irrational but strongly motivated by discomfort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fear of being abandoned can lead them to emotional blackmail, threatening to harm themselves or their partner in some way. Their need to control what their partner does can become delusional, just to feel safe. It's also common for events from the past to affect them in the present with the same severity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the worst cases, jealousy can reach the point of being pathological, so any action or attitude can be interpreted as an intention to abandon or cheat on them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In other cases, a dynamic develops where the loved one is discarded and then lured back through manipulation and other forms of emotional abuse, and this repeats over and over again. They usually develop intense but fragile emotional attachments with the people that serves them to manage their emotional changes, who also satisfy their need for attention, validation, immediate gratification and emotional support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They can be very dependent, but that dependency is normally indifferent to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91who\u8217\'92; instead, they are dependent to \u8216\'91what\u8217\'92 they need and expect to receive from the people they attach emotionally. So, when they stop receiving what they need or expect from the people they got emotionally attached, they might \u8216\'91discard\u8217\'92 them. That\u8217\'92s when they leave as if there was never any emotional bond or relationship, like they never cared. And when that happens, it\u8217\'92s expected that they quickly find other people that satisfies their emotional needs, and they attach to them. Or even, it would be expected that they \u8216\'91discard\u8217\'92 because they already found someone else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thing is that, if the new people ever fails to grant them what they need and expect, they might be discarded too, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when the pwBPD might look back to the people they discarded on the past and try to \u8220\'93hoover\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91When\u8217\'92 it might happen depends on what they decide\u8230\'85 we might never see them again if things got bad enough in the past, or if they feel well enough to try and find someone new and repeat this process over and over again (as some call it, \u8216\'91branch\u8217\'92).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But when their need is strong and they are not willing to keep trying from scratch with new people, they might come back faster, since it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s safer and easier because they already know how you think and feel (or so they might consider). The \u8220\'93hoover\u8221\'94 behavior consists on emotional manipulation, so it\u8217\'92s easy to understand why they try to return with people they know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clearly, those who live and interact with them might be overwhelmed by the stress and anxiety that generate so much instability and intensity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was like having four different personalities occupying the same body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *At her best, she was the most adorable person in the world, sweet, easy to love, it was easy to feel loved, and supported. She was beautiful, hot, fun, sex was great. She was a dream come true, and I could think of making lifelong plans with her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *At her relatively normal moments, she was a somewhat narcissistic and self-centered person, with a pedant attitude some times, but we could interact and live in peace. It was just a matter of learning to be condescending and tolerate her behavior\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85and not provoke her annoyance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *At her bad times, she was depressed, sad, unmotivated, and wouldn't get out of bed and wanted to throw everything away. Life was unbearable for her; it was almost like a punishment. At times, she would have neurotic episodes, becoming hysterical as a result of her depressed mood, and she could even harm herself; her both arms were covered in cuts. Suicidal thoughts were common in those states; sometimes they were just a tantrum, sometimes they were just words thrown out, sometimes they were the result of exhaustion from her condition (she recognized that she was unstable and was tired of it). A couple of times she tried to do it with overdoses of medication and ended up in the hospital. She had struggled with addiction in the past, because in this state she tried to compensate for her discomfort with drugs, and even if she did rehab, there surely were some lasting effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The issues with depression, hysteria, suicide, and drugs were something we couldn't underestimate (me and her mother), because although she herself admitted that she sometimes did it for attention or manipulation, ultimately she did it impulsively and could cause some serious damage to herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 During these episodes, she needed a lot of attention; we could spend hours talking to her trying to calm her mood, and this affected me as a partner both at work and socially\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85and of course, emotionally.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *At her worst (which became more common each year), she was irascible. Anything would set her off at any moment. Sometimes, remembering something from the past that seemed resolved would stir up her anger, and she would get furious again. I even had to go through fights about things that had nothing to do with me, or from times when we haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even met yet. These moments included yelling, insults, demeaning speech, and irrational complaints (I've used this word \u8220\'93irrational\u8221\'94 a lot, but I can't express enough the senselessness of some situations).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dont beat yourself up. What you are describing is normal to the process because you are experiencing psychological withdrawal due to intermittent reinforcement from a toxic relationship. Especially if you were together for a long time. I have been having the same issues and this is what professionally was recommended:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How can i say this without insulting you...You are an idiot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clarity is kinder than ambiguity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reassurance followed by withdrawal is destabilizing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Avoidance is still a choice - it actively wounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get to define a relationship unilaterally.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inconsistent boundaries create false hope and confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Using someone for regulation without reciprocity depletes them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are responsible for the impact of your behavior, not just your intent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If someone tells you they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re hurt, that\u8217\'92s data, not an attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get to keep someone close once you\u8217\'92ve shown them they\u8217\'92re optional.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For intense moments its important to distract.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are probably stuck in fight or flight as well so its probably good to engage in physical activity to discharge the anxiety & energy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get around people that will force you to talk or think about other subjects.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Practice breathing exercises (deep breaths in for 5 seconds out for 7)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shock your system by using cold water to change your body chemistry.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For rumination:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 interrupt it and label it \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93i am ruminating again\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is this a useful thought or replaying the pain?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stop feeding the need to case build}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 use containment windows set aside 15-20 to journal or info dump. Tell yourself i can think about this in that time window}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 physically move your body (jumping, moving rooms etc) go on a vacation if you can.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 replace why? With what now? Redirect the focus back to yourself}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 understand the cycle (affection - withdrawal - confusion - relief)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dont debate the memories}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 reduce isolation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 set healthy routine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you get caught in their narrative vs the lived reality. Create 2 columns and in one column list factually what happened and the other column what their distortions/narrative was.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Above all - if you are able to talk to a professional it is helpful if you are able to afford it. They will help you untangle and provide the support you need.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These things are not easy to do and mainly time and no contact will also provide relief. part of this process is riding the wave of grief. Go easy on yourself - what you experienced wasnt a normal relationship or breakup.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For someone without reliable object constancy:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  When a partner leaves the room, the warm feeling associated with them doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t persist. The internal representation goes cold or disappears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  When you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re in conflict, the knowledge that this person loves you and that you love them doesn\u8217\'92t buffer against the flooding terror that the relationship is over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Absence equals abandonment. Anger equals loss. Conflict equals destruction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the structural reason why abandonment fears are so central to BPD. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that the internal object, the internalized, soothing representation of the loved person, is too unstable to hold. When the actual person is unavailable, there is nothing internal to draw on. The loss is experienced as total, because internally, it feels like it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kernberg connects this to what Mahler called the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93rapprochement crisis\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the developmental moment when the toddler realizes that independence from the caregiver means real separateness, and real separateness means real}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He argues that mature love requires the integration of several things that are developmentally and psychologically difficult to bring together:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ability to commit to one person, which requires tolerating ambivalence and the anxiety of dependency;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The integration of tender and erotic feelings toward the same person (this is huge, and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll come back to it);}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The capacity for empathy and genuine concern for the other as a separate person, not as an extension of oneself;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ability to tolerate the otherness of the partner, their separate interiority, their differences, the ways they can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be controlled or fully known.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In neurotic or normal functioning, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re supposed to, over the course of development, be able to want someone sexually and also love them tenderly and emotionally. The same person. The erotic excitement and the warm attachment become integrated.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In borderline functioning, these can remain split. The person who feels safe and loving may feel sexually inaccessible. The person who feels exciting and erotic may feel dangerous, unpredictable, linked to the bad object. For instance, my pwBPD can express raw erotic desire towards me only when he splits.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This produces a recurring pattern where:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93safe\u8221\'94 relationship feels suffocating or dead;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93exciting\u8221\'94 relationship feels chaotic and destructive;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  The person oscillates between seeking safety (and finding it flat) and seeking intensity (and finding it destabilizing).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a structural consequence of what didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get integrated early on. The exciting, passionate, terrifying early object and the soothing, safe, consistent object were never allowed to be the same.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you loved me, you\u8217\'92d know what I need without me telling you\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This reflects the fantasy of merger, the unconscious wish to be so close to someone that separateness disappears, that the other is an extension of self. When that fantasy hits the reality of actual otherness, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s experienced as betrayal or evidence of not being loved, rather than as the ordinary condition of being two distinct people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything was fine and then suddenly everything is terrible\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t selective memory or drama. It\u8217\'92s the experience of splitting in real time. The switch from idealized to devalued isn\u8217\'92t gradual, it\u8217\'92s a structural flip, which is why it feels sudden and total to both people in the relationship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re either with me completely or you\u8217\'92re against me\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a logical error being made consciously. It\u8217\'92s the experience of a psychic structure that actually doesn\u8217\'92t have a reliable middle ground. Ambivalence is intolerable because the integrating function that would make it livable hasn\u8217\'92t been built.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a completely different person now than I was before\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without an integrated identity threading through time, there isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a strong subjective sense of continuity. The person who raged last night and the person who is apologetic this morning may genuinely feel, from the inside, like different states with no thread connecting them. This produces enormous confusion about the self \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \u8220\'93which one is the real me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I let you see the bad parts of me, you\u8217\'92ll leave\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The all-bad self representation has to be hidden from the person you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve idealized, because if they see it, the idealized relationship, which is all-good, will be destroyed. This produces enormous shame and concealment, and an exhausting performance of the \u8220\'93good self\u8221\'94 to protect the relationship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The fact that I feel abandoned means I am being abandoned\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without object constancy, the internal emotional state and external reality aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t properly separated. If I feel abandoned, the object is gone. The feeling isn\u8217\'92t a signal to interpret, it\u8217\'92s treated as direct evidence of reality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need to test whether you\u8217\'92ll actually stay\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Related to the above: if the internal representation isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stable enough to hold the connection, external evidence has to be constantly sought. The testing behavior in BPD relationships isn\u8217\'92t manipulation for its own sake, it\u8217\'92s a desperate attempt to generate external confirmation of what can\u8217\'92t be held internally.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When things are good it means something. When things are bad it means EVERYTHING\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because the good pole can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t buffer the bad pole, they\u8217\'92re split, the bad states feel total and permanent in a way the good states don\u8217\'92t. Happiness can feel temporary, suspect, fragile. Pain feels permanent, definitive, like the truth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This principle extends, in a non-clinical way, to anyone close to someone with BPD.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consistency without harshness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Presence without merger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Differentiation without rejection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That triad is basically the relational stance TFP tries to create therapeutically.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She will claim to want space, ignoring you for however, long she wants to punish you, then suck you back and make you feel like you are desirable, sexy and wanted. Have sex with you and then push you away and make you feel insecure, unlovable, and unwanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Please take everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s advice in the sub. Leave now before the damage to your mental, emotional and physical health is so bad that it will take a long time to repair. Unfortunately, I did not listen to everybody in this sub and I stayed for a four year push pull roller coaster. I finally ended things in February and I am a fucking mess.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything they do is to make us feel like you feel right now. The longer you stay, the worst, it will get, and it will destroy you. I would not wish what I am going through on anyone, except the pWBPD. They need to know an experience firsthand what they are doing to people. I personally want them all to suffer. I know that may seem evil, but as a saying goes, hurt people hurt people. I am a hurt person and I want those that hurt others to hurt.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a cluster of personality structures \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  narcissistic, borderline, histrionic, antisocial \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  that researchers call Cluster B. People in this cluster tend to share some things in common: a limited capacity for affective empathy, which means they can understand intellectually that you are in pain but they don't feel it the way most people do, a strong tendency toward manipulation when their needs are threatened, and a relationship with truth that is flexible in ways that serve them.\~ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I have been hurt badly enough, believing that the person who hurt me is a representative sample of their gender is actually less painful than the alternative. The alternative is that I got unlucky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That I trusted someone who was not trustworthy, and that there was no way to know in advance, and that it could happen again. That is terrifying in a way that "all men are X" or "all women are Y" is not. The prejudice is a coping mechanism. It is a way of feeling like you have information when what you actually have is a wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The same mechanism operates at scale in every form of prejudice.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We take the harm done to us by specific people and attribute it to the groups they belong to, because that gives us the illusion of a pattern we can protect ourselves from. It does not actually protect us. It just makes us worse at seeing the people in front of us clearly. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What would actually help \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and I know this is not a satisfying answer \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  is self-awareness. Not the word, not the concept you put in your dating profile, but the actual practice of it. Knowing what you are carrying. Knowing which of your reactions are responses to what is happening now and which ones are echoes of something that happened before. Knowing when you are generalizing because you are afraid. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the people who are genuinely toxic \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the ones in that Cluster B population \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  operate almost entirely without it. The distinguishing feature is not that they do harmful things. All of us do harmful things. The distinguishing feature is that they are not able to sit with the knowledge that they caused harm. The feedback doesn't land. Or it lands and becomes someone else's fault before it can be processed. That is the loop that makes them dangerous to everyone around them, and it is also what makes them so hard to identify early, because they are often very good at performing the language of self-awareness without having any of the substance. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My buddies keep asking why I am spending so much time in the library or at the campus cafe instead of being at home. I just tell them I need the high speed internet for my "projects" but the truth is I just can not handle the unpredictability anymore. The silence at the library is peaceful, unlike the heavy, loaded silence at the apartment where you are just waiting for the next explosion. I used to think I was being a good partner by staying and "supporting" her through the episodes, but I realized I was just lagging behind in my own life. My grades are slipping and I am constantly on edge. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 you become depressed => your life begins to slowly crumble as you no longer have the energy, patience, focus, or wherewithal to deal with the million small attritions => you now experience a purely emotional form of depression that worsens whatever chemical problems you had to begin with => your life further crumbles => loop}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 this is also the root of "if you're depressed, it will genuinely help you to clean up your room, get some exercise, go outside, sleep better...."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}