{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone looked up at the southern slope, but they saw nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What you on about?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shuffled around to try and find a sight-line that might reveal around that shark\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92stooth boulder, but try as he might, he could see nothing. Whatever had been there was gone. What remained was the dismissive looks of Seb and Moteah, and the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was a demon up there, just now,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ever seen a demon before?\u8221\'94 Seb asked, dismissively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was demon. It was a\u8230\'85 a\u8230\'85\u8221\'94. Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t finish the sentence because he didn\u8217\'92t know what it was that he\u8217\'92d seen. He could paint it\u8217\'92s spitting image if asked, but a head and a horn does not make. It wasn\u8217\'92t human, that much he knew, but it wasn\u8217\'92t anything else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram pushed his way back through through group, and he leered down at Mandrameen as he gave his beard a serious tug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was it you saw?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t ask what you thought you saw, what did you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 see}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri floundered around for a word that could. The pressure of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s glare pushed out a . \u8220\'93I saw a\u8230\'85 a face\u8230\'85 a face, a beastman\u8217\'92s face with a horn sticking out like this\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri traced the shape of a horn growing out of his forehead, sticking out at an odd angle and curling down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram gave his beard a four-fingered flourish as he gazed up at the rocky slope. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s questing eye glanced back down at Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are horned lizards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet walked over to . This was the closest Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever been to this old woman. THere\u8217\'92s closes , the smell of a person, here . The eyes, half-clouded, wondered if she could even see.}}