{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One morning they came across a herd of white-tails one-thousand strong. More commonly known as poop-tails. Mandri asked Obo why they shat on their tails, because Obo had an answer for everything. Obo said that when it gets too hot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it always gets too hot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 poop-tail lizards cup their webbed hind feet and then evacuate their cloacal contents onto them, allowing them to rub their tails in it, and they do this so that when they raise their tails into the air and open them up like sails, the liquid from their piss-shit gets sucked up by the sun, and in so doing, it draws the heat from the body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb overheard this explanation and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s just like garglin\u8217\'92 urine to wet the throat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even cringe at the thought. When the heat dries out the throat it gets scratchy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This time spent in this wilderness was acquainting him well with his body\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s functions, because the body is all there was out there. Nothing about it was disgusting. Mandri worried that if found Seb\u8217\'92s behavior to be tolerable, he himself must look outlandish. Yes, he was turning into a regular outland poke. Sol knows he slathered enough kell oil on to look the part.}}