{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Solitant will say that the Hrk is built upon Solraheen. A scribe will say that Hrk is built upon a complex system of laws, and these laws conform to a simple set of principles, and the first of these principles states that there is no greater being than Solraheen. For all the earthly power the Hrkan Lords wield, they remain subordinate to Him, and as such, any work of art which depicts a Hrkan Lord must, by law, incorporate some symbol of Solraheen, and this symbol must be placed somewhere higher than the Lord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s white-winged crown. Place the sun high in the sky or peeking through a window, that\u8217\'92s usually enough. A statue will often include a sunrose above the back of the head. Punishment for breaking this law is death for the offending artist, but like all laws in the Hrkan world, there are exceptions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had seen Hrkan Lords and Hrkan Princes in the flesh. These were no great leaders of men. Few were much bigger than Mandri himself. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d painted their portraits, these distant relations of the great Arnaggu, and he painted them three times the size of the real thing. He painted them into battles they\u8217\'92d never been in, he gave them victories they never won. These scenes were just like the one carved into that mountain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there stands the Hrkan Lord, glowering over the melee, trampling enemies underfoot as he marches at the head of an army ten-thousand strong. The man\u8217\'92s face is so vivid, so real, that no one ever disputes the facts presented on the canvas or wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If these were the descendants of Arnaggu, then no doubt Arnaggu himself was as small and frail, and perhaps he kept himself careening towards blacked out drunkenness like the rest of his distant kin. And like the rest, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be blinded even in his sober moments by his own imagined magnificence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sometimes, if a man is a whisker bigger than the rest, he gets called a giant when he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t deserve it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was a man who could command respect without coercion. His mere presence was coercion enough. As he stepped into the sun, a weight seemed to press down on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders, and his armpits began to sweat. He sweat so much that a little trickle dripped down his ribs. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, my lord?\u8221\'94 she croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go fetch Purl,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. It was a simple command, but issued in Ayram\u8217\'92s voice every word seemed a threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But, my lord...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram clicked his tongue and the old woman grumbled, then shuffled back into the cave from which she had come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All eyes returned to the Mazid kneeling in the sun. Obo seemed oddly at ease in the ire of his captors. He knelt there in the sand, stared at a spot of earth, and stayed silent as if in prayer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram looked the Mazid up and down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know they were so damn ugly,\u8221\'94 he declared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few belly quaking chortles sounded out, most of them coming from Tob, who was quite pleased to see a Mazid so down on its luck. But if Obo was sunk in despair, he did not show it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should I stand?\u8221\'94 Obo asked them all. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll stand so you all can get a better look.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo turned to Ayram and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo inspected his blood-nubbed arms and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So it\u8217\'92s just the torture, then?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No torture,\u8221\'94 said Ayram as his black loaf of a beard cracked open to reveal a clean smile. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll to need the rest of your limbs. Your legs most of all. You can\u8217\'92t kneel to your new Lord if you don\u8217\'92t have knees.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of the Ayramun chuckled at Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s menacing words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So did Obo. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m comfortable standing, thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll see,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. he turned towards the darkness of the cave and yelled, \u8220\'93Elrahet!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will change your mind about me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You killed fifteen of my people,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not have much of a choice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that a Minder can\u8217\'92t make you do anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did. But\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No! No, no, no. Stop talking\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}