{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat up, stretched his arms, and was surprised to find himself back in the original temple basement. How he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d gotten back after tripping on that blessed God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon, he did not know. In fact he couldn\u8217\'92t remember much of what had occurred. It was an ecstatic, frightful dream, and he knew it wasn\u8217\'92t a dream because he wasn\u8217\'92t imaginative enough to have dreamed up what those burgeons had made him see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He closed his eyes and tried to remember.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was some kind of geometric pattern. There was the color red. There were shimmering lines of immanence extending out from his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then he realized that he was alone in that temple basement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He opened his eyes and sure enough not a single Ayramun was present. Not even Obo was there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only the drifting white ash of that meager fire and the lingering smell of smoke.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s three parts to an arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the shoulder, arm, and hand.\u8221\'94 He tapped each part as he was wont to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hand is a bundle tendons and bone. If it gets cut almost anywhere, then it goes to shit. Lose a finger and you can barely parry a child.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hard part about the hand is that its a small target that moves quickly. The shoulder however, is tied to the body\u8217\'92s core, and moves slowly. If you hack the shoulder here,\u8221\'94 He patted the meat of his own shoulder, \u8220\'93You might not win the battle, but you\u8217\'92ve taken a significant step in that direction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please. It\u8217\'92ll be easier to compare it to something more familiar, like music. In music there is only one thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the single note. In painting its the single brushstroke. In any form you take this one thing, and you put a bunch of them together to form a more complex whole. In swordplay it\u8217\'92s no different. The single thing here, between Mandri and myself, is the space between our blades. Reorganize the nature of this space over a period of time and you have a work of art worthy of Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, but I\u8217\'92ve seen enough of killing to know it\u8217\'92s nothing but a rude frenzy until one gives a brusque heave and dies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t judge the entire art of painting from a child\u8217\'92s scribblings, would you? Those men were flailing about, it\u8217\'92s much the same. I doubt they\u8217\'92d ever considered the different aspects of the form. In music there is melody, harmony, rhythm, texture, loudness and softness, and }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 every single note }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of the song affects all of these aspects simultaneously\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the important thing, a single note is doing so many things at once. If you want to compose a song, you need to be thinking about how the next note you place is going to affect not only the melody, but also the harmony, the rhythm, the texture, and so on. If your song sounds horrible, and you don\u8217\'92t know the all the aspects of a note, you\u8217\'92re not going to be able to make an intelligent decision about how to improve your song. You might fiddle around for a little bit, but you won\u8217\'92t make much progress. You certainly won\u8217\'92t make anything interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By now he was talking to Mandri, and had evidently forgotten that there was some point in his own defense he was trying to make. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think about the space between my blade and yours, and you think about how the mechanics of how our bodies influence that space. A single movement is like a single note in a song. I make one step\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hopped to the side. This was two steps, though Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hold it against him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One step and I affect all the aspects of a battle\u8217\'92s composition\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 distance, timing, balance, momentum, risk, line, and most importantly, the impression you have of my intentions. And again, it\u8217\'92s the same with all art forms. A single brushstroke is a statement about color, edge, value, and more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a painter?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By now he was talking to Mandri, and had evidently forgotten that there was some point in his own defense he was trying to make. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think about the space between my blade and yours, and you think about how the mechanics of how our bodies influence that space. A single movement is like a single note in a song. I make one step\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hopped to the side. This was two steps, though Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hold it against him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One step and I affect all the aspects of a battle\u8217\'92s composition\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 distance, timing, balance, momentum, risk, line, and most importantly, the impression you have of my intentions. And again, it\u8217\'92s the same with all art forms. A single brushstroke is a statement about color, edge, value, and more.\u8221\'94}}