{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said with open arms, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I take it you\u8217\'92re not comfortable with me wearing this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like the woman said, Papi\u8217\'92s dead. He don\u8217\'92t want em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could feel the rest of the Ayramun glaring at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93It seems a bit rude.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t it, though?\u8221\'94 said a voice in the shadows behind. It was the same gruff man from earlier, named Weeg. Weeg was so dirty and disheveled that he looked like he\u8217\'92d just got done rolling down a dune. His face was unreasonably flat. His nose must have been broken a hundred times.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill rushed by them both, and his torch flame whipped behind like a flag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri and Seb both looked after Hill in bewilderment. Just beyond the stout man was the bald, pale, and naked Obo fleeing into the darkness. Hill wavered briefly at the sight of Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exceptional agility, for the Mazid looked part lizard as he leaped from rock to wall to the ceiling, and bound back again. Hill shouted back towards Seb, \u8220\'93Go get Ayram!\u8221\'94 and then he charged on again into the dark.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Number of people lucky enough to die and get found fresh-dead by us Ayramun is, like, what? Two people managed it? You lucky as a prince to be standin\u8217\'92 there alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What were you doin\u8217\'92 out there in the hills anyway?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A large brutish man, larger than Tob and with a face that looked like it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been broken in half said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you what he was doin\u8217\'92. That boy there\u8217\'92s a curse. Sun as my light, that boy there is gonna get us all killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That so?\u8221\'94 Tob asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb didn\u8217\'92t jus\u8217\'92 find him dead in the hills. He found him in the same damn ravine we was ambushin\u8217\'92. An look what happened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more n\u8217\'92 half of us dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}