{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri finds Fabled Black, Seb discourages it. Elrahet sasses Seb.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Out in Journey}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Before or After God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye Vision?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - Before, we can introduce lines of immanence, and reader may have some sense of what is going on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - After - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ohh, that\u8217\'92s what that was\u8221\'94 - I think this is wrong. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - It should be before, and reader needs to feel like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re putting it to g etehr.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On the journey }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab May be too close to the visions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pre-Minting Rock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab May be too far from the visions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Mandri walking, finds a shard of fabled black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Drawn to it as one is drawn to nihilism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Lying underneath, completely covered up, but it is there. Wonders if it is everwhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Seb hates on it. Put that away. Cuts purpose. Shatters the plan. Only foul purpose would wield it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Elrahet overhears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you know about the Black?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Seb, being drunk stumbles and says its the tool of evil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab That so?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab I mean, I mean\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Pulls her knife out, threatens Seb. Seb fears. No Seb, I will not cut you out of your web. I want you right where you are.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Shard could have flown from the explosion, all the way out here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab No reason why not. Shards flew up into the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab She speaks like she was there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab She was.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}