{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~exercise their entrepreneurship on a worldwide basis. Leaping over all the barriers of language, race, ideology, creed, color and nationalism, they view the world with some justification as their oyster; and the twin pearls of great price that they seek are global development and the good life for all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of the sentence was drowned in a sudden outburst of flaming timbers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~whom others so describe are merely the victims of some mental or physical disease. In reading records from times when medical and psychological science did not exist or were quite undeveloped, it is clear that grave mistakes were made. A victim of disseminated sclerosis, for example, was taken to be possessed because of his spastic jerkings and slidings and the shocking agony in spinal column and joints. Until quite recently, the victim of Tourette\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s syndrome was the perfect target for the accusation of \u8220\'93Possessed!\u8221\'94: torrents of profanities and obscenities, grunts, barks, curses, yelps, snorts, sniffs, tics, foot stomping, facial contortions all appear suddenly and just as suddenly cease in the subject. Nowadays, Tourette\u8217\'92s syndrome responds to drug treatment, and it seems to be a neurological disease involving a chemical abnormality in the brain. Many people suffering from illnesses and diseases well known to us today such as paranoia, Huntington\u8217\'92s chorea, dyslexia, Parkinson\u8217\'92s disease, or even mere skin diseases (psoriasis, herpes I, for instance), were treated as people \u8220\'93possessed\u8221\'94 or at least as \u8220\'93touched\u8221\'94 by the Devil.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line These are only some of the dangers and traps that face every exorcist. His pain is physical, emotional, mental. He has to deal with what is eerie but not enthralling; with something askew, but intelligently so; with a quality that is upside down and inside out, but significantly so. The mordant traits of nightmare are there in full regalia, but this is no dream and permits him no thankful remission.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He is attacked by a stench so powerful that many exorcists start vomiting uncontrollably. He is made to bear physical pain, and he feels anguish over his very soul. He is made to know he is touching the completely unclean, the totally unhuman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All sense may suddenly seem nonsense. Hopelessness is confirmed as the only hope. Death and cruelty and contempt are normal. Anything comely or beautiful is an illusion. Nothing, it seems, was ever right in the world of man. He is in an atmosphere more bizarre than Bedlam.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each case presented here includes as an important element some basic attitude or attitudes popular in our own society. In the possessed person, it is pushed to a narrow and frightening extreme.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the first case,\~Zio\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Friend and the Smiler, the insistence is that there is no essential difference between good and evil, and ultimately no difference between being and nonbeing; that all values are subject only to one\u8217\'92s personal preferences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In\~Father Bones and Mister Natch, the compelling idea that was seized by Evil Spirit seemed to be that all mysteries can and are resolved in \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93natural\u8221\'94 (i.e., rational or scientific or quantifiable) explanations; that there can be no relevance for the modern person in\~anything that cannot be rationally understood; and that there can be no truth important to man beyond what is rational.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In\~The Virgin and the Girl-Fixer, the battle concerned some of the great, deep, and mysterious \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93givens\u8221\'94 of our very nature and our society\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in this case, gender and human love. The priest in this case said to me a few months before he died, in one of the most profound conversations of my life: \u8220\'93A bird doesn\u8217\'92t fly because it has wings. It has wings because it flies.\u8221\'94 We will ignore that mysterious truth in its applications to our sexuality and our gender only at our great peril, I believe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In\~Uncle Ponto and the Mushroom-Souper, we have an example of what may be happening to many in our modern society\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 without their realizing it and without those around them taking cognizance of it. For it seems that there is an individualism, a purely personalistic interpretation of human life abroad today, which exceeds by far the bounds of what used to be known as selfishness and egotism. It has produced in thousands of people an aberrant and idiosyncratic behavior which is truly destructive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In\~The Rooster and the Tortoise, the fatal confusion (and in this case it was literally almost fatal) was between spirit and psyche; between those parts and attributes of ours that are quantifiable, and yet through which spirit most easily makes itself known. If everything we have taken to be of spirit can be made to seem a product merely of the human psyche, with no meaning or significance beyond its factualness, then love can be made to seem only a chemical interraction, and love\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s paradigm is killed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s colleague, Father James, a priest in his thirties, stood at the foot of the bed. Black-haired, full-faced, youthful, apprehensive, his black, white, and purple robes were a uniform for him. On Peter, with his tousled gray hair and hollow-cheeked look, the same colors melted into a veiled unity. James was dressed up ready to go. Peter, the campaigner, had been there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The neck was taut, showing every vein and artery; and her Adam\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apple looked like a knot in a rope.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll lick my arse and like it, Peeeeeeeeetrrrrrr,\u8221\'94 and her voice sank through the \u8220\'93rrrr\u8221\'94 to an animal gurgle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something started to ache in Peter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brain. He missed a breath, panicked because he could not draw it, stopped and waited, swaying on his feet. Then he exhaled gratefully. To the younger priest he looked frail and vulnerable. Father James handed Peter his prayer book, and they both turned to face Marianne.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93but the Old Fella won\u8217\'92t have much on you or over you. So go to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 cast-iron common sense\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ceremony lasted too long for my liking, was hammer and tongs all the way, almost beat us. But there was no great strain inside here [pointing to his chest].\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 And he added with a significance that eluded me then: \u8220\'93Jesus had a forerunner in the Baptist. I suppose darkness has its own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Sometimes his protestations of being \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93poor inside,\u8221\'94 of having \u8220\'93no excellent talents\u8221\'94 sounded hollow when matched with his stubborn and opinionated attitudes. Anyway, the normal bishop would take one look into his direct gaze and decide that his own authority was somehow at stake. For Peter\u8217\'92s stare was not insolent, but yet unwavering; it\~acknowledged the demands of worth but was devoid of any subservience. It said: \u8220\'93I respect you for what you represent. What you are is something else.\u8221\'94 Such a man was unsettling for the absolutist mind and threatening for the authoritarian bent of most ecclesiastics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He held court for students, professors, foreign visitors, officials, and friends in his monastery room after siesta hour, three or four days a week. There, any bit of gossip in Rome could be learned, tested, and assessed for its rumor value. For half of Rome always feeds on rumors about the other half. And speculation is the stick which continually stirs the pool of rumor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They till me, me frind, that\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 was a frequent opening of Conor\u8217\'92s conversation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 According to an in joke about Conor that always made him furious, he induced devils to leave the possessed by threatening to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93send them back to Ireland.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Moto - demon bit, and spat it out.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 was loike a shliver of ice serrved up in an archangel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cocktail at the hivinly banquit}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Montini raised his right hand to make the sign of the cross, Peter lifted his eyes. They locked with Montini\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s at the juncture point of the cross the archbishop traced in the air. As he looked, the \u8220\'93shutters\u8221\'94 over Montini\u8217\'92s eyes opened for an instant. Montini\u8217\'92s gaze was momentarily an almost dazzling brilliance of feeling warmth, communication. Then the \u8220\'93shutters\u8221\'94 closed again, as Montini\u8217\'92s eyes traveled on over the heads of the others kneeling around Peter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 beatific gleam\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~a stony-faced cunning with words and arguments alternating with a sardonic silence and smirking satisfaction, all leading to confusion and curiously bitter derision.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A titter ran around the class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marianne rounded on her classmates: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s no joke! We exist and we don\u8217\'92t exist!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 None in the room, Virgilius included, realized, as Marianne reflects today, that by some kink of inner impulse, her mind was running in little twisted gorges of confusion. She was guided by no clear ideas, was not commenting from a rich store of reflection and experience, but was only pulled by a peculiar fascination with the negative. Many a greater mind had fallen off a dark cliff somewhere along this same way or impaled itself in desperation on some sharp rocks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she traces it now, her new path began when she decided that her\~teachers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mother Virgilius among them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were phonies, that they merely repeated what they had been taught. There was nothing abnormal in this. Up to a certain level, Marianne had an emotional reaction rather normal in the adolescent. But she pursued it with a logic that was not normal for her years. And she was deliberately isolated: she did not communicate with her companions, nor did she discuss it with her parents. She was determined to work it out for herself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ^^^God this is suchhhhh ullshit. Author here is framing intellgence and \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91asking questions\u8217\'92 as a prelude to demonic possession.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . They only knew that they loved her; but manifestations of that love were taken by Marianne as chains thrown around her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~The mouth kept repeating and repeating: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85on the ragged edge of consciousness on the ragged edge of consciousness on the ragged edge of consciousness on the\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 It was done softly. Without hurry. Without emphasis. Until the words became a slowly whirling carousel in her ears, and her mind moved in circles, bumping against them on all sides. She burst into tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mouth said, still softly: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are all pushing you along the ragged edge. Want to get off it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She remembers a few things. She said through her tears: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want them to help me. Just to leave me alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat with her for about one hour. The left hand remained visible in her memory. And the mouth. She remembers nothing else of him, except that there were instructions: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t let any man touch you! You have a short time to reach your true self! Come and find me regularly!\u8221\'94 And there was one peculiar instruction: \u8220\'93Seek those of the Kingdom. They will know you. You will know them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Marianne never went to church any longer. She lived sporadically with various men, did not take care of her external appearance, and spoke disparagingly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sometimes very rudely and with four-letter words\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of all that her parents held dear. She did not allow them to bother her.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line As she reached more and more permanent mastery of her isolation, she came to realize that the self she sought lay \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93beyond\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93beneath\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93behind\u8221\'94 (to use her own expressions) the world of her psychophysical actions and reactions. Out of reach of the endless rhythm of responses, of recordings on her memory, of the fast-paced hip chatter of her companions, of blaring monologues by individuals. She became slowly more sensitive and expectant that she would find the self she sought, wrapped in semitransparent shadows. It was independent, she believed, of that distracting outer world, and of her inner psychic theater which was always at the mercy of that outer world and was so easily shattered by it. The restlessness of details had no place with the self. She came to believe that, if she could prevent the \u8220\'93bad flow\u8221\'94 of others entering, she could achieve \u8220\'93perfection of personhood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The source was not the subconscious, not a sixth sense or telepathy or any of those gimmicky tags,\u8221\'94 as she puts it. The source, she thought, was the self in each one. She said: \u8220\'93The self has a means of communication which does not need images or thoughts or logic or any particle of matter.\u8221\'94 Psychologists and physiologists, she knew, identified the self with brain circuitry and synaptic joints and the mechanisms of sensation. This was like saying that the violin was the source of the violinist\u8217\'92s music. Religionists and spiritualists identified the self with \u8220\'93soul\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93spirit\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even with God, or a god. And both psychologists and religionists insisted you make choices. And so, in most people, that source and its \u8220\'93flow\u8221\'94 were split into a kind of \u8220\'93black-and-white\u8221\'94 condition. Most people were always choosing, responding, being responsible for their actions, saying yes or no, and thereby \u8220\'93fissioning the self\u8217\'92s lively unity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marianne no longer saw or felt any sensation of sunlight or wind. The outer world had become a flat and painted picture neither fresh nor hot nor cold. And the movements of people and animals and objects were angular tracings with no depth and no coherent sound. All meaning was drained from the scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only movement was within her. Bit by bit \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the net, now like a sharp, all-surrounding hand, tightened, narrowing and narrowing all my consciousness.\u8221\'94 At every moment, under that pressure, she was \u8220\'93opening up every secret part of my self, saying, \u8216\'91Yes,\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91Yes,\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91Yes,\u8217\'92 to a power that would not take \u8216\'91No\u8217\'92 for an answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And none who saw her, a young girl sprawled motionless on the bench in the sunlight, could guess that Marianne was becoming a casement of possession.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ^^^^^ Insert for Seb}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All the while she kept on repeating \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93yes\u8221\'94 silently as if answering a request for marriage or a demand for surrender. Time seemed to stand still, \u8220\'93as a bestiary of animal sounds and smells and presences\u8221\'94 gradually flowed into her consciousness and mingled there with the sounds of children laughing, the tones of workmen nearby calling out jokes, or snatches of conversation from couples passing along the pathway. All the sounds that had enlivened the morning when she had entered Bryant Park now seeped with \u8220\'93a new odor of old and new corrupting things, of corruption.\u8221\'94 The cool snap of the air and the sound of the traffic were marinated in a fluid of \u8220\'93grunts, snarls, hisses, bellowings, helpless bleatings.\u8221\'94 The blue of the sky, the shining faces of the skyscrapers, the green of the grass, all the colors around her were, according to her memory, suffused in wreaths of black, browns, reds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ground came up and hit her across the forehead.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All along, the real me, my very self which doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t deal in images or words at all, was untouched. Its\~area was never entered by the therapist. No psychiatrist could fit in through the doorway because of the load of images and emotions and concepts he carried about with him. Only the naked I enters and lives there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He has an effulgence, he enters a room and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s there, and when he leaves it is different.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Buckley; eeire tranquility of a great evil regrouping to strike again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She encouraged all forms of sexual intercourse with men and women, but never found anyone willing \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93to go the whole hog.\u8221\'94 Lesbians generally stayed at the surface, wishing to generate pleasure and satisfaction without the necessity of a male. Men with whom she had anal intercourse suddenly became appalled, and usually impotent, when she proceeded to act out anal intercourse \u8220\'93to its fullest extent,\u8221\'94 as she said. In her view, they wanted merely a novel experience but were quite unwilling \u8220\'93to achieve complete bestiality.\u8221\'94 They could only take \u8220\'93a little of the beast.\u8221\'94 They missed \u8220\'93the deliciousness of beauty bestialized and of beast beautified.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Around them wafted the stale stench that marked Marianne\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence; even the little balls of cottonwool dipped in an ammonia solution which they had placed in their nostrils did not kill that smell. Occasionally, the honking of a car or the scream of a police siren sounded in their ears from the streets below. None of them felt at ease. The centerpiece of this scene, Marianne, lay motionless on the bed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When Peter entered wearing black cassock, white surplice, and purple stole,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~It was not piteous, nor was it of hurt or appeal. It was much more like what they imagined a wolf or a tiger would sound like \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93when caught and disemboweled slowly,\u8221\'94 as the ex-policeman described it. It was an embodiment in sound of defiance and infinite pain. It confused and distressed them. Marianne\u8217\'92s father burst into tears, biting his lip to stifle his own voice; he wanted to answer her. \u8220\'93One moment it made you afraid,\u8221\'94 said Peter\u8217\'92s young colleague in recalling the moment. \u8220\'93Another moment it made you cry. Then you were shocked. So it went.\~It confused.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her eyes were closed, but her eyeballs were obviously moving beneath her lids as if she were caught in animated conversation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her words had come out all slurred and on one breath but with no noticeable lip movement. Peter could hear the end of that lungful of air as the prolonged \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93r\u8221\'94 died away like an echo into nothingness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Peter? You okay?\u8221\'94 She had a mocking solicitude in her tones.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Peter and Marianne responded as if chanting antiphonal psalms, one taking up where the other left off.\~But there was no sequence or logical connection between what each was saying. The only point on which he endeavored to match her was the manner of speaking. When she whispered, he whispered. When she shouted, he shouted. When she murmured, he murmured. When she interrupted, he interrupted her. When she was silent, he fell silent. If one could have visualized their struggle at this phase, it would have been like a surrealistic slow-motion Olympic wrestling match in which the contestants strove with each other\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow, while all colors and actions faded into blurry grayness, and scores were kept by a referee never seen or heard but felt as a sure and eerie presence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Possible and impossible,\u8221\'94 Marianne cooed, \u8220\'93make all human happenings impossible, posing suppurating distinctions and pat partisanships and perfunctory periods\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85making a male the creature of his dangling ganglions,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 and a female the bed of her clit and her clots and her\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The piping voice died away on that long, coagulated mishmash as if choking on its breath. The effort had been so violent\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 t}{\f0\fs24\b0 hat Marianne seemed to be almost plucked off the bed, every part of her prone body straining upward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It started with a sound difficult to describe. A horse whimpering. A dog whinnying. A man meowing. It was the very sound of pain. Of nature violated by unnature. Of deep agony. Of protest. Of helplessness. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Supposing a cadaver, after the death rattle and after the grimacing of the last breath was over, started to cry for help, what do you imagine it would sound like?\u8221\'94 Peter asked later in an effort to describe this indescribable sound. \u8220\'93Or supposing when you were closing his dead eyelids with your thumb and forefinger\u8221\'94 (he made the motion with spatular fingers) \u8220\'93and supposing you missed one eye, and it looked up at you still glassy and dead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you know how they look\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it filled with genuine tears. That\u8217\'92s the feeling. Something reaching out from the middle of all the worms and putrid flesh and stink and body water and silent immobility of death, saying: \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92m alive! Pull me out! For the love of Jesus, save me!\u8217\'92 That was Marianne when the Breakpoint began. The tug of war for her soul that nearly broke me in two.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You command!\u8221\'94 Now Marianne sounded amused, as though Peter had told a joke. He kept reminding himself that this was not Marianne, but the spirit using her voice. Still his heart sank a little. \u8220\'93I am us,\u8221\'94 he heard her say. \u8220\'93We are me. Isn\u8217\'92t is? Aren\u8217\'92t are? What we are called is beyond human mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We!\~Peter was riveted by that key word. Only those of the Kingdom used it. Peter knew instantly that he was almost there and he had no intention of allowing the Presence to identify again with Marianne, so he broke in brusquely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is no immunity for you and your kind in the universe of being.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~ashamed of something vague, with a feeling that they had been filthied. They had expected Peter to wilt, to have been crushed. They had been willing to lose hope.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}