{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Core Tension of the Novel and World:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Inner will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 vs. Fate }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Intrinsic character and purpose}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vs. Dissolution of the self and descent into Nihilism}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Outer Expression}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vs. Inward Collapse}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meaning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vs. Nihilism}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s end goal is for fate to be eliminated. There is only will. He wants to make things which make themselves. He created a deterministic creation and he wanted eventually in this story for his creation to come into its own and define itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Creation creates itself}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mandri needs to choose to create something.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ch1 Leeching is a lucrative business}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -repleace temple bread with a leech farm outside of meskalim. Leeching is a lucrative business. Even in the lean times, because leeches can still feed no matter how little meat is on the bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - throughout, an ox mooing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - the beast looked Mandri in the eye. Mooed right at him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help\u8221\'94, it was saying, even though Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t interpret cow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Commotion where the ox escapes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do something about that ox!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s uncomfortable?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course its uncomfortable, it\u8217\'92s being eaten!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We hardly need the money from another bundle of leeches. let it go. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re asking me to let go of my principles. Never! You two, you two get along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 _________________________________________}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Early chapter needs to be this event where Mandri says, I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do anything for you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chapter 2 is likely place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Instead of languishing on his farm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The escaped ox, mooing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t do anything for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bean plants. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do anything for them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet insists that Moteah will never be able to control it. Requires cruelty. Ayram is like, for me. Elrahet huffs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you, I would not work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe we wait for her to recover.\u8221\'94\line \u8220\'93Who are you to gainsay a witch in a witch\u8217\'92s ways? Few alive have practiced cruelty. There is only the one hope. He must conquer himself. If he cannot, we will find another Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I hope not. Look at him. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s anxious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have faith, Ayarm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Faith in an anxious boy will always be misplaced.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb in the burgeon cave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Be his friend. He needs to see beauty in this world. First he has to . Then, he will hunger for it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri still has a Spark. Its just suffocated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet has big teaching moment to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It wont happen. There is another way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Difference between fate and will is semantic. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is what is left of the world\u8217\'92s story. Solraheen planted all these lines of fate, and once, when the world was young, they were each drawn across the world and into the future. Then battles, and now the story is shredded. I\u8217\'92ve shorn my fair share of them. I\u8217\'92ve rewoven some, too. But I am the last good woman who can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The difference between fate and will is semantic. You have the one world line. If that line runs out because . If it has been manipulated, it is called fate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. You\u8217\'92ve been inviscerated with Black. It suppresses your Spark\u8217\'92s expression. Don\u8217\'92t ever let evil tell you that the bottom inside is empty. If it was, they wouldn\u8217\'92t have needed to fill you with Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The mission is to get it out of you.\u8221\'94\line \u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It will be difficult. Only you can do it. Your Spark has to push it out. Your will must become so great, that .\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never seen the fruits of this world. Let me show you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ---elrahet. he has a sparl inside all that black.if it were true that creation had no purpose, why would they need to fill you with black?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Been fighting so long to hold things together. I\u8217\'92m tired. I cannot do this forever. This is my plan. Have faith that the future will end up how it will be. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Evil witch believs the opposite. She believes that if you eliminate all opposing forces, the natural stuff of creation will collapse back into the infinite.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have any lines of will / fate because the black is suppressing it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At some point - scream, boy! Scream!!! It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the urge inside! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do anything for him \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  in the desert journey chapter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 -}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri climax - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Make it clearer that self-conquering is the source of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the Pit cave}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah. If this doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, you owe me a hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri says to Moteah: Nobody cares about eachother.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve cut off my own hand just to give you a chance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You did it for yourself. To save yourself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I did it to save the world, you idiot! Everyone I ever loved is dead. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Moto, but he only ever loved the mother of his child, and she\u8217\'92s dead, too. It\u8217\'92s only me out here. I do what I do because I know that my Spark, and yours, and everyone else\u8217\'92s, they belong together. Longing for eachother is the true state of things. Selfishness, loneliness, everything else, that\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s not true.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Look, I see what you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re saying. I mean, I can believe that you are a good person. There\u8217\'92s good people out there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I believe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I know\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that all it takes is one. One kind, hungry person can set the world right. You might be that one, Mandri. It might be me. It costs us nothing but the purity of our Sparks to do what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right by others.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now would be a good time for you to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Even if I could, I wouldn\u8217\'92t. I don\u8217\'92t want to kill them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They want to kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Coming down into golden tree hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beast is surely near.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We have no minder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The boy will have to summon his own fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not possible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not for you to decide, Giant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 See\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the burshageet. Or, Hears the voice. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slate!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, sir.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We may need the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Protect the Mazid!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Circling round him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you should focus on\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you can use your fire, to kill that beast, then do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Hag beetle battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 constellation of Sparks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 mound of Beetles above his wall of spears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sees organized chaos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do something!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He had no line. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s internal alarm. Beautiful, dying fools. What are they doing!? Wanting desperately to help but not able  to. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Man dives in front of a demon strait and takes it in the gut. Feel to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Through tears, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t do anything for you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But he could. He knew he could. He was supposed to. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Come onnnn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 COME ONNNN!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it out, Mandri! Let it OUT!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sees the demon raising its taloned fist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AAAAAAAAAAHHHH!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fwomp. Vomited out the black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWOOOOOOOOOOOMMM.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is not a battle between love and hate. Love and hate are both routes out of the same perversion, which is separation. Look at this beauty in this world. Imagine living in it for eternity. We all belong together. In union there is only bliss. Even the littleist Spark deserves to know union. Leave none behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Instead of, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hate yourselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So lost in hate. Love. Fear. All these emotions are coping strategies to deal with the same problem: separation. Separation is the source of your suffering. In union there is only bliss. Bliss, and peace. You will all come to know peace in the belly of the Burshageet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At the end, Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desire to be with other people is so strong. Purpose is so strong. He desires so greatly to be with Ayram, Moto, and Pyetle. Hungers to be joined with them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s delighting in the different ways that they view him. A beuatiful bitter sweetness aby them being separate from him. Maybe he says, I\u8217\'92d like to paint your portrait.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}