{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid14}
{\list\listtemplateid15\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid15}
{\list\listtemplateid16\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid16}
{\list\listtemplateid17\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid17}
{\list\listtemplateid18\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\fs24\b1\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid18}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}{\listoverride\listid15\listoverridecount0\ls15}{\listoverride\listid16\listoverridecount0\ls16}{\listoverride\listid17\listoverridecount0\ls17}{\listoverride\listid18\listoverridecount0\ls18}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 H/Paracleitus - knowledge is impossible because everything is in a state of flux - never step in the same river twice}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Parmenides -knowledge is divinely revealed through the fundamental being - being does not change because then it would no longer be being. Change is an illusion. We are in being and being is static.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - first true analytical metaphysician;}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But this contradicts our senses. We don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t experience a world which is unchanged or static.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This produces a trifecta of problems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1.)are things constantly changing, or are they not?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2.)If things are changing what can be known about them, if anything. If not, is the knowledge that there is being simplicitor trivial or not?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3.)What are we to do with this in terms of values. If being is all there is and everything around me is a persistent delusion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Socrates doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care about all this. For him its all about socratic questioning and how to live a good life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plato\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91solution\u8217\'92 is to posit two worlds. World of being which is unchanging and static. Therefore, true things can be known about it. There is also a parallel world, of becoming; things are constantly changing, but nothing can be known about this world. THe human being are the nexus of these two worlds. Body with sesnses; but with a soul that remembers the forms, is able to recognise them in the world, in the things in the world of becoming which participate in the forms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But where did the forms in the realm of being come from. If they are eternal, what are they? Where did the souls come from? Why are the souls enmeshed in matter? How did we get here?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the timaeus, plato gave a story to explain the existence of all of this. He never calls it a myth, but a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91likely story\u8217\'92. Here we have a primeval demiurge whose emergence is unclear. The demiurge looks upon the forms and attempts to press them into matter. There is imperfection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Agrapha dogmata- the unwritten doctrines of plato - thorny subject.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 7th letter of plato - report of aristozenus - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plato\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s critiques of writing - truth cannot be captured in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doctrine of the forms is not in the academy at this point. Scucipus rejects it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through diairesis (division in reality) we come to learn the truth. THis is the purpose of life. Preparation for death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 underneath the hood of platonism is pythogoras - very geomterical}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What was the Academy? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 380s. Just after the disaster at syracuse. Plato attempted to teach a tyrant philosophy. Went badly wrong. Plato was sold into slavery and had to be redeemed by Leon. Plato returns to atens and establishes the academy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Named after a hero of old - hacademos or academos}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shrines to the muses and the graces}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hypocrates - diairetic analysis of what a pumpkin is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotle bothers them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plato\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s repbulic - two women in the academy - allowed for women to rule alongside men}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Speusippus - successor of plato, his nephew. Rejected the metaphysics of the forms, and proposed instead, 5 different metaphysics which did not overlap. Few took this seriously}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Scholarch}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twilight of the old academy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - arcesilaus - academic skepticism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old form of empiricism - what is in the mind has to be first in the sneses, and Sense data is in the mind and fundamentally unreliable, and therefore no knowledge is possible.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It all ends in an irony}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -the platonic idealists of the academy drifted into skepticism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -the stoics drifted into \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the truth is out there and I can know it\u8217\'92 katalepsis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This blend of materialism and idealism merges into the middle platonism}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We are bombarded by impressions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some are kataleptic, some are not (akataleptic)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kataleptic is coming from the thing that is really there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akataleptic (false premise?)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Correspondence theory of impression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything else aside from kataleptic impressions is Doxa (opinions/beliefs)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 You can never assent to your emotions - there is no real link between someone spouting words and you getting angry.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 The physical transformations of someone else\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s words into your moods.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Antiochus - adopts stoic epistemology}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Katalepsis - Strong assent to a graspable impression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Impressions that come from what is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stamped and sealed by what is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Could not have come from anything otherwise}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skeptics say, you never have a kataleptic impression. And so you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t assent to it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Platonic logic operates through disjunction}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Stoic is proto-propositional}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Antiochus - a kind of platonism underwritten by stoicism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Truth can be built up through katalepsis - as ruled by the hegemonikon via logistikon all the way to hypothetical propositions}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The vividness of the former and syllogistic logic of the latter allow for truth via katalepsis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He takes skepticism to be self-refuting and contra-indicated by the common notions seemingly shared by all people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The common notions are the result of the logos implanting them in our minds from the logoi spermatikoi}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus, the interaction of the local \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91common notions\u8217\'92 with the logoi spermatikoi are isomorphic with the platonic forms and the process of methexis}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This collapses the platonic demiurge, with the world soul and the fiery Logos of the stoics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rather than Form impressed upon hule we have qualifications (poia) of the fiery pneuma in various tensions}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the ability to distinguish difference \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  required an account int he old philosophies - plato\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forms}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you are the sound being produced in the field of being that is god. We don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have \u8220\'93forms\u8221\'94 pressed into matter, we have \u8220\'93tensions\u8221\'94 of the pneuma. How is it intelligble instead of random tensions? Because the logos is logical.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 first cosmopolitan, you are connected to all mankind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Naturalistic account of knowledge and mind}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Because the logos is a unified field, and the system is a system of tonoi, tensions, tones, all of those tonoi are connected via the logos into a web called \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91sympatheia\u8217\'92, and these can be manipulated. If you know how to manipulate the sympatheia, you know how to manipulate another region of the logos.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Posidoneus of Rhodes - smartest man alive; wrote on everything.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Problems in the language game reveal reality}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The language game of the species problem -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A color-blind person interacting being taught colors via squares - when the instructor uses two different words for red and green.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a form of life that takes\~}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 nature as the context for the discernment of meaning, value, and what matters}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to us ultimately.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Religious naturalism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -bringing about change in the world motivated by the belief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -to bring about change in others in accordance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -truth has been revealed, and you wish to convey the source of that truth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -belief that if the truth were adopted by others the world would be in less of shit state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -I do care what you believe. So long as your \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91revealed truth\u8217\'92 from alternative sources does not supercede that truth which is revealed in nature.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Foundationalism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~concerns\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epistemology"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 p}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 hilosophical theories of knowledge}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~resting upon non-inferential\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Knowledge"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 j}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ustified belief}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , or some secure foundation of certainty such as a conclusion inferred from a basis of sound premises.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundationalism#cite_note-foundationalism-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [1]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~The main rival of the\~}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 foundationalist theory of justification}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coherence_theory_of_justification"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 c}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 oherence theory of justification}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , whereby a body of knowledge, not requiring a secure foundation, can be established by the interlocking strength of its components, like a puzzle solved without prior certainty that each small region was solved correctly.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundationalism#cite_note-foundationalism-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [1]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 basically, when forced to choose amongst the muchausen trilemma, the foundationalist chooses the dogmatic approach.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quine's\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ontological_relativity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 o}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ntological relativity}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~found any belief networked}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Please_clarify"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\super clarification needed}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super ]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to one's beliefs on all of reality, while auxiliary beliefs somewhere in the vast network are readily modified to protect desired beliefs. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~However, this is impossible. The only way in which one can know the world is through the means by which they know the world; a method cannot justify itself. This argument can be seen as directly related to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wittgenstein"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 W}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ittgenstein}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 's theory of language, drawing a parallel between postmodernism and late\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logical_positivism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 l}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ogical positivism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~that is united in critique of foundationalism.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundationalism#cite_note-30"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [30]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 lol - yes. Imagine reasoning your way independently to what's most likely (or in the case of presup \endash  necessary ) and somehow arriving at the triune God of Christianity with its huge list of predicates in conjunction. It doesn't seem remotely plausible to get there without post-hoc rationalisation driving the bus! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where believers feel that values are given by God, naturalists see values as grounded in nature. This begins at the simplest levels, where all creatures distinguish good from bad. Be it a single-celled amoeba or a plant, insect, reptile, or mammal, all are attracted to things that are good for them and avoid things that cause harm. A central principle and value lies behind this, in maintaining life and well-being.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since humans are social creatures, this principle and value has two perspectives. One is individual, in acting in ways that are good for one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own emotional and material well-being. The other pertains to groups where, as group harmony is desired, self-interest is constrained and behaviors like kindness and cooperation are valued. A tension often exists between self-interest and the good of the group (and, also, between the good of a small sub-group and the good of a larger group), and this accounts for many challenges and problems. Given a range of tendencies in individuals (in being selfish or selfless, in varying degrees and in different settings), groups tend to encourage and reward choices that contribute to the well-being of the group.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Comparison with traditional religion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Naturalist values are largely the same as those in Judeo-Christian tradition. Nothing unusual or worrisome is advocated. And, contrary to a misconception and false accusation, while a naturalist view recognizes \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93survival of the fittest\u8221\'94 as a process in nature, it does not recommend this as a model for human behavior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But while values are largely similar, some differences in emphasis can be seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One example is levels of respect for things that are looked to as sources of wisdom and truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Believers show greater respect for biblical writings and religious authorities, while a naturalist respect for science includes regular challenge to tradition, and claims may be rejected and practices are more willingly changed based on what best fits with available evidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another example is that a naturalist focus on nature may include greater emphasis on ecology.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Environmental concern is also prominent in religions (with a mandate, in Judeo-Christian doctrine, of stewardship for the Earth). But, in traditions that see this world as a way-station to a greater and eternal world in heaven, concern may be less urgent than in a naturalist view that sees this world as all there is.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Links to full articles and web pages\line }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/13/magazine/13Psychology-t.html?_r=0"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Steven Pinker. The Moral Instinct. New York Times. 2008.}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.huffingtonpost.com/frans-de-waal/morals-without-god_b_316473.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frans de Waal. Morals without God. 2011.}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.skeptic.com/eskeptic/05-09-13/#feature"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rights from Wrongs. Review of book by Alan Derschowitz.}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://religiousnaturalism.org/ideas/values-being-good-without-god/virtues-and-vices/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Virtues and Vices}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All living beings are interrelated and interdependent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - you are simultaneously a completely unique mind, dependent on a particular arrangemetn of physical stuff, and you are woven into a larger tapestry and completely affected by everthing around yout.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Appreciation of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://religiousnaturalism.org/natural-wonders/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wonders}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of our lives and our world\line A sense of humility and gratitude\line A sense of responsibility (to try to act in ways that will contribute to what is seen as good)}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Haught emphasizes that theology looks for levels of meaning and truth that scientific method is not wired to receive. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Theology has its own horizon of inquiry. It is grounded in a qualitatively distinct set of questions from those asked by scientists and ethicists. The data that give rise to distinctively theological questions include an easily recognizable set of beliefs and ethical commitments that do not show up within the horizon of scientific inquiry, but which every scientist must embrace in order to do science at all.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Belief (faith or trust) that the world, including the horizon of scientific inquiry, is intelligible.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Belief that truth is worth seeking.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Belief that honesty, humility, generosity, and openness in sharing one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ideas and discoveries are unconditionally right (and hence that the pursuit of virtue is not irrelevant to successful scientific work.)}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Belief that one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own mind has the capacity to grasp intelligibility and to distinguish what is true from what is false.\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Citation_needed"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\super citation needed}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super ]}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 According to Cobb, "process theology may refer to all forms of theology that emphasize event, occurrence, or\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Becoming_(philosophy)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 b}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ecoming}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~over\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Being"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 s}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ubstance}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . In this sense theology influenced by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georg_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Hegel"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 . W. F. Hegel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is process theology just as much as that influenced by Whitehead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Modern theologians reject the classical-theist claim that }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 God has no real relations to creatures}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  because they believe it makes God too metaphysically distant, undermines divine love, collapses biblical language, and is incompatible with modern philosophical commitments about personhood and relationality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If God had real relations, He would change. If God changed, He would not be God.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Modern theology says:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If God cannot have real relations, He cannot love. If God cannot love, He is not the God of Scripture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the fundamental divide.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>Wayne Grudem<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God is immutable in His being.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s relationships change because creatures change.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These relational changes do not imply change in God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nature.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>Millard Erickson<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Advocates \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93qualified immutability.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s character is constant, but His actions vary.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s relational changes are expressions of His eternal nature.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But when we get down to the bottom and actually analyze propositions of these forms of god, the become incoherent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Evangelicals say:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 God is affected}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 but God does not change}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Process theologians argue this is contradictory. To be affected }{\f3\fs24\b1\i1 is}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0  to change.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Process theologians say this collapses relationality into determinism:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s responses are eternally fixed, they are not real responses.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s relational acts are eternally decreed, they are not relational.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus evangelicals affirm relationality in language but deny it in metaphysics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To be affected is to change.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evangelicals end up with a God who is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93immutable in essence but mutable in relation,\u8221\'94 which Hasker says is }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 metaphysically impossible}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The key here is that we are in relation to the essence. If we change, and then he changes in response, then we relation changes in accordance with the way HE has changed. He is no longer the ground of being.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If God is timeless, He cannot respond.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If God responds, He is not timeless.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evangelicals who affirm both timelessness and relational responsiveness hold an }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 inconsistent set of propositions}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls8\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God cannot be immutable in all respects and still have }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 knowledge of tensed facts}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93now,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93today,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93tomorrow\u8221\'94).}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evangelical attempts to distinguish \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93essential\u8221\'94 vs. \u8220\'93relational\u8221\'94 change fail because }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 knowledge is an essential property}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 swinburne}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We wish to avoid relativity, in which nothing can be known because nothing can be measured, there is no standard. You have no identity except in relation to something else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why do we need a grounding to being??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deriving meaning?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ground-of-being models regard ultimate reality as holy or sacred (unlike subordinate-deity models) and reject the idea that ultimate reality is an aware, agential being (unlike agential-being models). Ground-of-being models are radically anti-anthropomorphic, resisting the Intentionality Attribution, Narrative Comprehensibility, and Rational Practicality dimensions of anthropomorphism simultaneously. They are strongly amenable to the scientific study of religion and to apophatic metaphysical frameworks, within which ultimate reality surpasses the complete cognitive grasp of any possible creature. They offer a compelling and natural solution to the problem of religious diversity. They are and have always been relatively less popular than agential-being and subordinate-deity ultimacy models but it is not impossible to imagine a civilizational transformation after which ground-of-being models would become the dominant religious outlook. Variations, strengths, and weaknesses of the ground-of-being class of ultimacy models are discussed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 ground\_of\_being}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  model becomes necessary when you want an account of ultimate reality that is:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls9\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 non\_anthropomorphic}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (avoids projecting human traits onto the ultimate)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 compatible with science}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 capable of explaining religious diversity}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 not committed to a personal God}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 still able to preserve the sacred or holy dimension of ultimacy}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ground\_of\_being models avoid:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls10\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 exclusivism}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 revelation\_based epistemology}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 anthropomorphic bias}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 moral problems of divine agency (e.g., theodicy)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 metaphysical problems of divine action}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They simply sidestep the entire cluster of issues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paul Tillich was critical of the view of God as a type of being or presence. He felt that, if God were a being, God could not then properly be called the source of all being (due to the question of what, in turn, created God). As an alternative, he suggested that God be understood as the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93ground of Being-Itself\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He felt that, since one cannot deny that there is being (where we and our world exist), there is therefore a Power of Being. He saw God as the ground upon which all beings exist. As such, God precedes \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93being itself\u8221\'94 and God is manifested in the structure of beings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To give contrast to the common image of God as presence/being, he used the term \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God Above God\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many analytic philosophers argue the question is not even well\_formed.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>A. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing\u8221\'94 is not a possible state of affairs<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the Carnap/Wittgenstein line:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls11\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing\u8221\'94 is not a thing.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It cannot be the subject of a question.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Asking \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is there something rather than nothing?\u8221\'94 treats \u8220\'93nothing\u8221\'94 as a possible world, but it isn\u8217\'92t one.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Argument:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  To ask \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is there something?\u8221\'94 presupposes that \u8220\'93nothing\u8221\'94 is a coherent alternative. But \u8220\'93nothing\u8221\'94 cannot be described without smuggling in existence (e.g., the concept of nothingness, the laws of logic, the possibility of worlds).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus the question collapses into nonsense.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>B. Category mistake<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gilbert Ryle\endash style argument: The question treats \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93existence itself\u8221\'94 as a thing that could have a cause. But existence is not a member of the category \u8220\'93things that have causes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like asking:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls12\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What color is the number 7?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is the hole when the donut is eaten?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>C. Linguistic confusion<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some philosophers argue the question arises from misuse of quantifiers:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls13\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are there any entities at all?\u8221\'94 But quantification presupposes a domain. You cannot quantify over a domain that does not exist.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus the question is grammatically seductive but semantically empty.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs48\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::1>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u55358\'3F\u56809\'3F 2. The question might be }{\f3\fs48\b1\i1 coherent but unanswerable<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a more modest position.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>A. We lack the conceptual tools<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thomas Nagel and Derek Parfit suggest the question is intelligible but beyond human cognitive capacity. We can ask it, but we cannot answer it.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>B. Explanatory regress<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any answer seems to require a deeper explanation:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls14\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the universe exists because of laws \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8594\'3F why do the laws exist?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the universe exists because of a necessary being \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8594\'3F why does the necessary being exist?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the universe exists because of a brute fact \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8594\'3F why that brute fact rather than another?}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every explanation seems to generate a new \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93why.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>C. Modal limitations<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some philosophers argue we cannot meaningfully compare:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls15\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the actual world}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93null world\u8221\'94 (a world with no objects, no laws, no space, no time)}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because the null world is not a world at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus the question is coherent but cannot be answered within modal logic.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs48\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::1>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u55358\'3F\u56809\'3F 3. The question might be meaningful and answerable<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the minority view but includes major figures.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>A. The universe exists because non\_existence is impossible<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peter van Inwagen argues that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93nothingness\u8221\'94 is not a metaphysically possible state. Thus the universe exists necessarily.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>B. The universe exists because something is more probable than nothing<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Derek Parfit (in another mood) suggests that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93something\u8221\'94 is more likely than \u8220\'93nothing\u8221\'94 because there are more possible worlds with something than with nothing.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>C. The universe exists because of a necessary entity or principle<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some analytic metaphysicians (Swinburne, Pruss, Koons) argue:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls16\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There must be a necessary being or necessary law.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That necessary entity explains why anything exists.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a modernized version of Leibniz\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s answer.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>D. The universe exists because of a brute fact<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some naturalists (e.g., Quentin Smith) argue:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls17\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The universe exists for no reason.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Existence is a brute fact.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The question has an answer: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is no answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a legitimate metaphysical position.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs48\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::1>\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u55358\'3F\u56809\'3F 4. Why the debate is so difficult<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Contemporary analytic philosophers disagree because the question touches multiple domains:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls18\ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Semantics}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  what does \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93nothing\u8221\'94 mean?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Modal logic}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93nothing\u8221\'94 a possible world?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Metaphysics}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  can existence have a cause?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Epistemology}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  can humans grasp ultimate explanations?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Philosophy of language}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  is the question grammatically misleading?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Philosophy of science}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  does physics allow \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93nothing\u8221\'94?}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The question sits at the intersection of all these, and each field gives a different answer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}