{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I think it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s very important to remember that figurative prose is not what makes scary things scary and horrifying, it\u8217\'92s the details of what\u8217\'92s happening that makes it scary and horrifying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Too often, the prose overindulges in simple details. For example:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 >}{\f0\fs24\b0 Hunger.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >Raw, endless, devouring. A starvation that hollowed him out to the core. A need to consume and fill a void that stretched far beyond him, pulling at his edges until he couldn't tell where he ended and it began.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If you want to dwell on that hunger, each clause needs to add nuance to that feeling. As of now, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re all communicating the same thing: this insatiable hunger obliterates his identity. The repetition feels more like indulgence rather than clear communication.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >\~Emptiness, claustrophobic in its totality}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This expression totally robs the underlying idea of it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s force.  And then the expression itself is too much of a stretch; there has got to be a better way to express a totalizing fear than saying the fear of emptiness is like the fear of closed spaces.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Elsewhere, the writing dips its toes into cliche, which is really not what you want when you are trying to be ambitious. These two examples stick out:}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 >}{\f0\fs24\b0 the void answered back}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>couldn't tell where he ended and it began.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When the figurative speech isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t repeating something already expressed, and it\u8217\'92s not robbing the underlying idea of its strength, it is more successful:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >\~the void bloomed in his chest like a rotten fruit splitting open, tendrils of need uncoiling through meat and bone.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {However, some of the metaphors (like the above) are not precise, and so they aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sharp. Figurative language is ambitious, and because of that, you have to make sure the meaning is precise, or else it\u8217\'92s going to feel fluffy and indulgent. Does a rotten fruit \u8216\'91bloom\u8217\'92? The stench of it might, but even then, the word doesn\u8217\'92t feel quite right. And then, \u8216\'91split open\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91bloom\u8217\'92 are competing with each other. If we get rid of the metaphor, the meaning actually becomes clearer, and that\u8217\'92s not great. (\u8220\'93The void bloomed in his chest. T}{\f0\fs24\b0 endrils of need uncoiled through meat and bone.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Rotten fruit split open\u8217\'92 is compelling imagery, but it needs to be finessed in. It\u8217\'92s hard, but I believe in you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {The middle section, where the character moves about the 40k world, felt fine. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve read some 40k and I think you\u8217\'92ve more or less nailed it. But the dream sequence, and then the writing sequence, these parts felt fluffy and/or unclear. I think that can be resolved if you make sure that each sentence is actually contributing new and important meaning, and not just restating, in a slightly different way, something which has already been expressed. And focus on clarity:\line \line >}{\f0\fs24\b0 The ink bled. It doubled, spreading outward in a slow crawl across the lines of neat Gothic.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Maw. Maw. Maw.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eating into the margins, swallowing the careful script, the letters bloating and darkening until they were all one thing, a stain devouring the white of the page from the centre out.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s so much happening in this short space, and it\u8217\'92s all pretty abstractly described. First, the ink bleeds, then it \u8216\'91doubles\u8217\'92 (?). Then comes  \u8216\'91}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 Maw. Maw. Maw.}{\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \~}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92, and I take it this is supposed to communicate that the ink is not merely bleeding (or doubling?), but now it\u8217\'92s forming new letters, and then those letters letters begin to merge into a single devouring stain. Halfway through, it was already eating into the margins, but then at the end, its still working \u8216\'91from the center out\u8217\'92 (a detail which we already know, given the word maw began in the center of the page and now is eating into the margins). This whole sequence was just unclear on the first read. Let the details do their work; instead of telling us it \u8216\'91swallowed the careful script\u8217\'92 actually show the word \u8216\'91maw\u8217\'92 blotting over the casualty numbers. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I want to repeat: what makes a horrifying vision really stick in the head is the details. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f3\fs20\b0\i0 the letters bloating and darkening until they were all one thing\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8221\'94 has to be about the least interesting way you could communicate this detail. Finding a more interesting way of expressing this is hard work, but rewarding..}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }