{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PRACTICAL GUIDE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 FOR MAKING}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 POST-MORTEM EXAMINATIONS,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AND FOR THE STUDY OF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MORBID ANATOMY,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76936/pg76936-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76936/pg76936-images.html}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 A set of ordinary dissecting scalpels, four or five in number, and of graduated sizes, including one heavy cartilage knife.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~A brain knife with a long blade, for slicing the brain.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Chisels, of one or both the accompanying forms, for use in opening the head or spine.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~An iron mallet or hammer, with a hook on the end of the handle for tearing off the culvarium.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 An enterotome, or scissors with blunt, hooked point, for splitting open the intestinal canal.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A saw with movable back; this arrangement permitting of a deeper cut, in dividing large bones.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The rachitome, a chisel-like instrument, to be used with the hammer in opening the spinal canal.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~The double saw, used for dividing the lamin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6 of the vertebr\u230\'E6. A side view of the instrument being given in the cut, one blade only is seen. The two are attached to one handle, placed parallel with one another, and about one and one-fourth inches apart. After the soft tissues have been\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 3removed, this saw is used by passing the spinous processes between the two blades, and thus dividing both lamin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6 at once.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A skull clamp, for steadying the head while removing the calvarium. After the removal of the scalp, this instrument may be employed, and be of much service for the above object. It is applied by placing the open end of the instrument over the crown of the head, turning down the screws, and thus fastening it just above the line of division of the bone. The arched end of the instrument now serves as a handle for turning or steadying the head.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Rib-shears, for dividing the ribs where that operation is found desirable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 11. A tube for inflating the lungs, and an ordinary blowpipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 12. Dissecting forceps, tenacula in handle and with chain, grooved director, and assorted needles, straight and curved.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Instruments used in post-mortem examinations should never be employed for operating upon the living, without first being repolished by the instrument maker, and the handles disinfected by careful cleaning in a solution of permanganate of potash.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The Preliminary Preparations}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~at the place of the operation should consist in providing a sponge for absorbing fluids; newspapers and old cloths for filling cavities or wrapping up any morbid specimen that it may be desirable to preserve; a couple of quarts of clean sawdust or wheaten bran for throwing into the cavities before closing them up, and thus absorbing any excess of fluids; stout thread or twine for tying intestines and closing the cavities; lard or sweet oil for oiling the hands; a couple of empty slopbuckets for receiving the fluids, bloody water, &c., and plenty of water, hot and cold, with towels and soap. If the floor of the room is carpeted, to protect it from accident, a piece of old carpet, or quilt, or oilcloth should be spread alongside the table or box where the examination is made. Care should be observed to have all these matters provided before the operation is commenced, when the door should be fastened, that there may be no intrusion, by accident or otherwise.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~confined almost wholly to cases of peritoneal inflammation, erysipelas, and certain malignant forms of disease. In all cases, however, it will be well to look for any scratch, cut, or abraded point on the hands or fingers, and first touching them with nitrate of silver, cover them finally with collodian. Smearing the hands well with lard or olive oil will also aid much in preventing absorption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Should an accidental cut be received during the operation, it will be prudent, in all cases, to wash the hands at once, squeeze and suck the part, to favor bleeding, and, finally, touch with a crystal of nitrate of silver. Punctures with a needle or slight scratches which do not bleed are, probably, more dangerous than a free cut; hence, in cases of suspected danger, when a puncture has been received, it would be safer to make a free incision with a knife, thus inducing bleeding, which will favor the washing out of any virus, and finally, use the caustic.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~say within twelve to twenty-four hours; a longer delay would give time for such decomposition as not only to make the examination extremely disagreeable, but, from change of structure in tissues and organs, much less satisfactory. In cold weather, however, or where the body has been placed\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 6in ice soon after death, as is the custom in most cities, the examination may be postponed to any convenient time before the burial.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Life is already at work consuming the moment one has died.  Putrefaction is a byproduct of life.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Notes.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~In all important cases, notes should be taken down by an assistant, on the spot, as dictated by the operator; heading these by the name and age of the patient and a brief sketch of the disease. In medico-legal cases, this is to be conducted with particular care, as will be pointed out hereafter.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With a little tact and management, however, consent may, in the majority of instances, be obtained. Instead of speaking to a single member of the family and leaving him or her to bring the subject before others, in all doubtful cases it will be better for the physician to see all the interested parties himself, either together or separately, and endeavor to interest them in the case, by pointing out the peculiar character of the disease, the satisfaction which the friends will themselves derive from a verification of the diagnosis of their physician, while, when too late, they may regret having withheld their consent; also the scientific interest which attaches to the case, and the benefit which will no doubt accrue to medical science through a post-mortem examination, and the possibility that the lives of others may depend upon a knowledge of the true state of this case. These, with like considerations, adapted with ready tact to the class of persons to be persuaded, will, in the majority of instances, be enough to overcome all scruples, especially when joined to the assurance that the examination will be so conducted as to leave no visible trace of the operation with which to embitter the remembrance of the well-known countenance.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In opening the head for a post-mortem examination, let a thick block be placed beneath the occiput, when, after having carefully parted and turned aside the hair, an incision may be made through the scalp, over the top of the head, from ear to ear. The back of the scalpel being placed next the head, the point may be pushed in advance, thus dividing the tissues without danger of injuring the edge of the instrument by bringing it in contact with the bone.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 skull clamp}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~may now be applied, which will be of great service in steadying the head while using the saw. Instead of dividing the skull in a circular manner, as is usually done in the dissecting-room, it will be better to start the saw above the frontal eminences and run obliquely down towards the mastoid process, meeting this line by another commencing at the occipital protuberance and carried horizontally forwards, thus giving a wedged form to the portion removed.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 To avoid the sound which would attend the use of the iron hammer, which, if heard by members of the family, might excite unpleasant feelings, a billet of wood or wooden mallet may be used; or, these not being at hand, the head of the iron hammer may be muffled with a towel, so as materially to deaden the sounds. The inner table having been divided, the calvarium may be pried off with the chisel, or torn away with the hook on the handle of the hammer. This, from the close adhesion of the dura mater to the bones, will generally require considerable force.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The disadvantage of this procedure is the disfigurement which is apt to ensue from the falling in of the face}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 hey present the usual character of tubercle, having a whitish or grayish appearance, with the consistence of cheese, and scattered in small particles upon the surface. They are found in\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 tubercular meningitis}{\f0\fs24\b0 , (a disease common with children but rare with adults,) and in most of those cases of so-called acute hydrocephalus.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 heavy, stertorous breathing}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 bstemious in his habits but plethoric in temperament, was suddenly stricken down with an attack of apoplexy, which left him with paralysis of the right side of the body, with impaired speech and memory. He gradually and almost entirely recovered. Ten months after, while in the street, he\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 4}{\f0\fs24\b0 5fell with another attack. He partially recovered consciousness, but had complete palsy of the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 left}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~side, and died in three days.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. F. H\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 , aged thirty, had an attack of brain fever at twenty-three, followed by attacks of severe pain in the head, recurring every few days, weeks or months. These attacks were accompanied with slight convulsive symptoms and delirium, the pain being of a most excruciating character, and lasting from a few hours to two or three days. The attacks were gradually increasing in severity, but without any impairment of the faculties of the mind. On a Saturday night, he was brought home with one of his worst attacks. When I first saw the patient on Sunday evening, I found him in a half-delirious, stupid condition, yet when roused up, giving satisfactory answers to questions, but immediately sinking into his former condition, and every one to five minutes starting suddenly up and, with staring eyes and distorted face, uttering piercing shrieks and screams, and calling to those around to shoot him, split open his head with a hatchet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 anything to release him from his sufferings. These paroxysms would sometimes be followed by\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 4}{\f0\fs24\b0 6a convulsive action of the diaphragm and abdominal muscles, ending in his sinking into the same dull, stupid condition as before. In the interval of calm, the respiration was remarkably slow and feeble, with a slow irregular pulse of forty beats to the minute. These symptoms becoming gradually worse, he sank into a comatose condition early Tuesday morning, expiring at daylight, sixty hours after the commencement of the attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The post-mortem revealed greatly enlarged Pacchionian glands, with extreme thinning of the skull over the same. The pia mater was considerably congested. Upon turning the brain back for removal from the base of the skull, there was a sudden gush of water from the ventricles, sufficient of which was secured to show that the quantity could not have been less than two ounces. Upon opening the lateral ventricles, these cavities were found unusually large from distension by the fluid, while the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 septum lucidum}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 fornix}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~were found in a soft, pulpy condition, the former being completely broken down and detached from the corpus callosum above. The gray portions of the corpora striata were also softer and more easily broken up than was natural.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Abscess}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of the brain, differs from softening, to which it may have some points of resemblance, in the purulent matter being contained in an irregular cavity, lined with a more or less distinct membranous cyst. Flakes of lymph are frequently found in these abscesses, giving the matter much the appearance of that contained in scrofulous abscesses, and they are most commonly found in subjects who present the usual symptoms of the strumous diathesis.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Adenoid, or Glandular-like Tumors.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~These are generally described as resembling an enlarged lymphatic gland, both in color and density. They may vary in size from a filbert to that of an orange. There may be a single growth of this kind, or several, and they may be found in any part of the brain.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Tubercular or Scrofulous Tumors.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Under this head may be placed certain bodies of a white or pale yellow color, firm, like soft cheese, sometimes granular and friable, and consisting chiefly of a large proportion of albuminous matter. They may be found first, as one or more individual masses of considerable size; or second, sometimes as many minute rounded bodies, distinct and separate from one another.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The diseases of the tongue, the appearance of which we may wish to examine after death, include\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 cancer}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 syphilitic ulcers or tubercle}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 tumors}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 hypertrophy}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Cancer}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is the only disease of this organ likely to result in death. It is said to occur more frequently in females than males. It may assume the various forms of this disease, but is more frequently epithelial or scirrhus, than medullary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Syphilitic Ulcers or Tubercle}{\f0\fs24\b0 , may be confounded with cancer, and in some instances, only a previous knowledge of the history of the case, assisted by a microscopic examination, would positively determine the diagnosis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Tumors}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of various kinds\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 encysted, fatty, fibrous and erectile\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 may be found in the substance of the tongue, or underneath it in the floor of the mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Ranula}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is a peculiar form of tumor found under the tongue, often attaining the size of a pigeon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s egg, and filled with a watery or albuminous, or sometimes cretaceous matter. The tumor is usually considered as arising from a dilatation of Wharton\u8217\'92s duct, but of this there is doubt in some cases.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 6}{\f0\fs24\b0 9}{\f0\fs24\b1 Hypertrophy}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of the tongue is sometimes found, where, from an increase of the connective or areolar tissue, without any change in the muscular fibres, the organ has become greatly enlarged, so as to cause deformity of the mouth, or even of the whole lower part of the face. This condition may involve the whole or a portion only of the tongue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The cavity of the abdomen, may be opened without disturbing that of the chest. An incision from sternum to pubes, down the central line, and through the superficial structures, should be followed by a careful division of the tendinous portions of the muscles and peritoneum, for a sufficient space to admit two fingers, when, by introducing the same, the remaining portion may be divided without risk of injury to the intestines. A cross incision having been made at the umbilicus, the angular flaps may be turned aside, fully exposing the abdominal contents. Where the chest is opened at the same time, the transverse incision will not be required. The peritoneum, with any serous or other contents having been examined, the attention may be given to any special organ or part that may be involved, or each may be taken up seriatim.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 small intestines}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~may be removed\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 en masse}{\f0\fs24\b0 , or in sections.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 28After applying double ligatures at the lower end of the ileum, and just below the duodenum, the bowel may be divided between these, when, by dividing the mesentery near its intestinal border, with either the knife or scissors, the whole mass may be removed. By means of the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 enterotome}{\f0\fs24\b0 , they may now be rapidly laid open through their entire length, the contents removed, and the surface cleansed if desired for more careful inspection. Occasionally, portions only of the small intestines will require examination. By applying double ligatures, above and below the portion to be examined, the removal is effected without escape of the contents into the abdominal cavity.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In all cases where the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 stomach}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is to be examined, it will be better first to remove it from the body. To accomplish this, both omenta should be detached from the curves of the stomach, which may be done either with the fingers or scissors. The hand may now be carried down to the cardiac end of the stomach and the fingers forced around the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u339\'9Csophagus without the use of the knife, and a ligature placed upon that tube. A ligature should also be placed just below the pyloric orifice, and another an inch below this. The knife or scissors may be used to divide the \u339\'9Csophagus close to the diaphragm, and the duodenum between the two ligatures; the stomach may then be lifted from its position without loss of any of its contents.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Few organs of the body are subject to such a variety, or to such early\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 post-mortem}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~changes as the stomach, many of which, being closely simulative of the effects of disease, render a satisfactory examination of this organ, in many instances, very difficult. Therefore, before entering upon an account of the morbid anatomy of the organ, I shall briefly notice those changes which are\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 post-mortem}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in their origin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The ordinary interval which intervenes between death and a post-mortem examination, is, in most instances, sufficient to seriously change the appearance even of the healthy stomach. Hence our knowledge of the healthy appearance of that organ, at least, previous to the experiments of Dr. Beaumont upon the stomach of Alexis St. Martin, was quite imperfect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Among those changes taking place after death, which are no evidence of disease during life, may be mentioned:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 First.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Appearances of Congestion.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Very soon after death, or at least within ten or twelve hours, by gravitation of the blood, the same\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 hypostatic congestion}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~will be found in the most dependent portion of the stomach, that is seen in a more marked degree in the lungs, or in the subcutaneous tissues.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Second.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Coloring of Tissues.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Not unfrequently, the tissue of the stomach will be found strongly tinged by coloring matter of food or medicine, such as the red color of wine or logwood, or the black color of the metallic sulphurets, etc.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Third.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Change of Shape and Size.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Variations in the shape and size of the stomach from the normal standard, are not unfrequently found after death. It is sometimes found unusually small, apparently from the influence of the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 rigor mortis}{\f0\fs24\b0 , the contraction necessarily resulting in increased thickness of the walls. What is known as hour-glass contraction, although sometimes congenital in its origin, is frequently but a manifestation of the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 rigor mortis}{\f0\fs24\b0 , when it may be distinguished from the former by inflation. Extreme dilatation, with thinning of the walls, is also sometimes seen, this condition resulting apparently from an absence of the post-mortem contraction.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Fourth.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Exfoliation of Epithelium.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The stomach of young adults, dying of some acute disease, not unfrequently is found to have thrown off the epithelial layer of its mucous lining, even when the examination is made soon after death, and in cold weather. In many of the healthiest animals slaughtered for food, the same change has been noticed as early as two hours after death. The detached cells are found floating in a thick mucus, the microscope also showing that the gastric follicles have thrown off their epithelial lining, with their pepsinous contents. With this change commences the post-mortem digestion of the stomach, to be soon noticed.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The younger and healthier the subject, and the more acute the disease causing death, as a general rule, the more rapidly and effectively does this exfoliation take place. It may affect only the summit of the folds into which the mucous membrane is thrown by the contraction of the muscular coat, or it may uniformly involve the whole mucous surface.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Fifth.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Softening and Perforation.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~It is an interesting\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 39fact, that while the tissues of the stomach during life are unaffected by the gastric juice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the vitality of the tissues enabling them to resist its solvent power\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 after death, they immediately yield to its influence, and hence results a greater or less degree of softening of the coats, or even in some instances, complete perforation of the walls, the extent of the change depending upon the quantity of gastric fluid in the stomach at the time of death. In these cases there is, of course, no evidence of inflammation, while the tissues present a pulpy, gelatinous appearance, the walls being greatly thinned, and breaking down under the slightest force. In most instances, probably the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 actual perforation}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is the result of the force employed in lifting the stomach from its position. The opening in these cases is an irregular ragged hole, with soft, pulpy margins, and will more frequently be found at the large or cardiac extremity of the organ.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In some extreme cases, the process of softening has not been confined to the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 walls}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of the stomach, but has extended to the adjoining organs, as the spleen, liver, or diaphragm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The whitish-gray and gelatinous appearances of these cases, will enable us to distinguish them from ordinary cases of softening and perforation from ulceration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This form of softening is especially observed in cases of sudden death immediately after a meal, while the stomach contains a large quantity of gastric juice. It is also seen much more frequently in children and young persons than in the aged, or those dying from chronic forms of disease. It has often been noticed in cases of consumption, however, which is to be accounted for upon the fact that many of these patients retain a good appetite to the last.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 A child of Mr. T\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 , in its second summer, had an attack of hydrocephalus, finally dying in convulsions. The autopsy, made twenty-four hours after death, disclosed great congestion of the membranes of the brain, with two ounces of serum in the ventricles. Upon opening the abdominal cavity, all the viscera appeared healthy. In lifting the stomach from its position, a gush of colored fluid appeared from behind it, which at once led to the suspicion of a rupture. The whole organ was then carefully removed, when a ragged rent, through which the thumb could readily be passed, was discovered at the posterior portion of the cardiac end. The walls of the stomach at this point were extremely thin, soft and jelly-like; this condition being plainly the result of the post-mortem action of the gastric juice, while the rupture was the immediate consequence of lifting the organ from its position.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 pale, pink color, natural to the mucous membrane of the healthy stomach, was exchanged for a somewhat livid erythematous redness, which was distributed throughout the organ in irregular patches of various sizes, and in its most intense form, amounted to a kind of ecchymosis.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are several roundish spots of the size of a pin\u8217\'92s head or pea, or narrow elongated streaks at which the mucous membrane appears dark red, lax, soft and bleeding, and presenting a depression in consequence of loss of substance or slight erosion. This condition is invariably accompanied by h\u230\'E6morrhage, the }{\f0\fs24\b1 effused blood being mixed, in a more or less altered state, with gastric mucus. }{\f0\fs24\b0 The erosions are often very numerous, studding, perhaps, every part of the stomach except the fundus, the pylorus being their chief seat.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~In some obscure cases of gastric disease, upon opening the abdominal cavity in a post-mortem examination, we may at once notice a marked change in the appearance of the stomach. It presents a peculiar whiteness and opacity, an appearance which is partially due to a dulness of the peritoneal coat, in marked contrast with its usual brilliancy; at the same time the organ may be either larger or smaller than the average size. Upon removing the organ, we find it greatly increased in weight and density, and presenting a hard, gristly feel, and with so much elasticity as to fail to collapse. An incision shows the walls uniformly thickened, to the extent of six or eight times their normal condition; the whole organ is comparatively bloodless, a condition strongly in contrast with the usual appearance after death.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Cancer.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~This formidable disease occurs more frequently in the stomach, than in any other organ of the body, excepting the uterus of the female. The disease is usually primary in this organ, but frequently springs up secondarily in other parts.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The disease may occur in the three following forms\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 scirrhus}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 medullary}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 colloid}{\f0\fs24\b0 ; while Dr. Brinton adds a fourth, the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 villous}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~cancer of the mucous membrane. The usual seat of the disease is at the pylorus. It may involve a portion or the whole circumference of this opening, and from this extend along the lesser curve. In some cases, it commences at the cardiac orifice, and very rarely involves the whole organ, the fundus usually remaining free. The walls of the stomach may become greatly thickened in this disease, the inner surface tuberculated and roughened, and the cavity much diminished in size. When situated at the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 47pyloric end, the disease seldom or never extends into the duodenum, but when at the cardiac, it generally involves the lower portion of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u339\'9Csophagus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 fibrous}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~or\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 scirrhus}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~form of the disease, is by far more commonly met with than any other, although it may be found occasionally combined with the medullary, or both these with colloid. Indeed, it is not improbable, but that in many cases, a growth originally scirrhus, becomes gradually converted into one of the other forms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In almost all cases, cancer commences in the submucous tissue, in the form of a dense mass, of a white color. When cut, the surface presents a whitish-gray appearance, contrasting strongly with the vascular mucous membrane of the stomach, and presenting a distinctly striated appearance. A small portion under the microscope, or the juice scraped from the cut surface, will show the peculiar cancer cell, with granular matter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Encephaloid}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~or medullary cancer, may be developed upon or within the fibrous form, or it may occur primarily as knotty tumors projecting through the mucous membrane. The microscopic appearance is much the same as in the fibrous variety, except that the cells are not so closely packed, but are loosely held together by an abundant, soft, or liquid substance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 colloid}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~form of the disease, may originate either in the mucous membrane itself, or in the submucous tissue. It is known by its presenting a tough, fibrous-looking, white tissue, which, arranged in intersecting bands, incloses irregular spaces, which are filled with a clear, soft, or semi-liquid material, the proper colloid substance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 villous cancer}{\f0\fs24\b0 , Dr. Brinton describes as arising in the basement membrane of the mucous coat, and as but a modification of the epithelial cancer of other parts of the body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The mucous membrane covering cancerous growths, is subject to a variety of changes. It may become converted\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 48into a sort of fungoid growth, which at points suppurates, showing the submucous scirrhus tissue; or it gradually softens, giving rise to h\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6morrhages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The cancerous mass itself, may also soften or suppurate, resulting perhaps in perforation and peritonitis; or adhesions may take place, followed by extension of the disease to the liver, spleen, pancreas, kidneys, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Cancer of the stomach, in the great majority of cases, occurs in persons between fifty and sixty years, although it may appear as early as forty, or as late as sixty. Males appear to be more subject to the disease than females, in the proportion of four to three.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 obstruction}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~which the presence of cancer of the stomach is liable to produce, may result in one or more of the following conditions:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 First,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 hypertrophy}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of the muscular coat. From increased nutrition, the muscular fibres of the stomach may become considerably increased in size and darker in color, thus better enabling them to overcome the obstruction, which in some cases, amounts almost to occlusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Second,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 dilatation}{\f0\fs24\b0 . This condition frequently attends the former, and indeed is seldom seen alone. It is confined to those cases where the cancer is at the pylorus, and is more noticeable at the fundus of the organ.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Third,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 contraction}{\f0\fs24\b0 . This is seldom seen in connection with hypertrophy, and is far less common than dilatation. Generally found in connection with cancer at the cardiac orifice, it may be looked upon as the result of the constant regurgitation which the obstruction produces, preventing thus the cavity of the organ from undergoing its normal distension, by the presence of any quantity of food.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Tumors.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~With the exception of cancerous growths, tumors of the stomach are by no means common.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Fatty tumors}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~are sometimes met with, originating in the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 49submucous tissues, and as they increase in size, they may crowd either inwards towards the gastric cavity, or outwards towards the peritoneum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Fibroid tumors}{\f0\fs24\b0 , are also occasionally met with in the submucous tissues, generally in the line of the lesser curve, and about the cardiac orifice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Polypoid growths}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~may also be found springing from the mucous surface, presenting the character of those formations usually.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Parasites.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The intestinal canal is infested by several forms of entozoa, among which may be found the following:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ascaris lumbricoides}{\f0\fs24\b0 ; the common round worm, six to ten inches in length. It may be single or in large numbers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Oxyuris vermicularis}{\f0\fs24\b0 ; a small white worm, measuring from two to four lines in length, and found only in the large intestines, and mainly in the lower part of the rectum, where they may be present in large numbers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Trichina spiralis.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~This parasite is found in the small intestine, and only in its adult form. It measures from less than a line, to two lines in length. The embryos penetrate the walls of the intestine, and finally locate in the muscles, where they remain encapsulated. If a portion of this muscle is eaten by another animal, the larv\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6 again become active,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 60and acquiring the mature sexual form, reproduce, the young embryos again migrating to the muscles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Tricocephalus dispar.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Found only in the head of the colon, and measures one and a-half to two inches in length; neck long, and body of male covered with wart-like appendages on one side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Distoma lanceolatum.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Flat, lancet-shaped, and transparent, a-half inch long, one-quarter wide. Rarely found in upper portion of small intestines, natural habitat appearing to be in the bile passages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Of tapeworms, the following varieties may be found:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 T\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u230\'E6nia solium.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Head about the size of a pin-head, and furnished with sucking disk and double row of hooks; neck long and narrow; body flat and jointed, each segment about a-half inch in length; body may be from ten to fifty or more feet in length.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 T\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u230\'E6nia mediocanellata.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Head truncated and destitute of hooks; body jointed and of great length.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 T\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u230\'E6nia flavopuncta.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Very rare. Yellow spot at the middle of each joint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Bothriocephalus latus}{\f0\fs24\b0 , (broad tapeworm.) Head long, unarmed; neck inconspicuous; body composed of about two thousand joints; mature joints broader than long.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch }