{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Good and Evil cycle vs. Complexity of reality}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (Iram and Elram) vs Mazydie}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are things greater than tribalism and us vs. Them and Empire vs. Rebellion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jandrians vs. Empire - Ayramun + Mazydei vs. Ayram}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The futility of being human vs. The Ubermensch}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What you seek you will never find\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 vs. Mazydei acceptance of reality}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Iram/Pyetle/etc. Incapacity to change themselves, vs. Mazydei ability to change very essence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iram can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just kill self to kill Zuramu, because then gets reborn as Zuramu. That\u8217\'92s how they switch selves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But why not chop self up?  Happens too fast. Matter of minutes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But why not machine that is constantly killing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iram tried a cult to do that! - worked for two hundred years, but one individual got curious.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soor vs. Seer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got two sides.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Blade / Seer\u8217\'92s blade}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soor was so over the whole cycle, that he wanted to remove himself from the equation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iram is just a dude}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soor ends up crushed under a rock, but still alive - stuck in a state of delirium from the pain. Drugged God.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iram tried to influence the religion of a closed tribal society, but it just doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t kick. That\u8217\'92s why he began the development of a globalized society - to break down tribal relationships - to create fertile ground for the message. Jesus couldn\u8217\'92t preach to the jews, but the message landed within Rome.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Iram is fomenting discontent to draw the empire into the desert.}}