{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In truth  there might not even be a curse at all. The story of the Pass was only story. Anyone could have made it up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By now the curse of the Goree was getting to Mandri. This once living mountain was dead and rotted through, and he could feel it. All around the rock was split into smaller shards and scattered about}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93RUN!\u8221\'94 Ayram roared, and if that wasn\u8217\'92t enough to prod Mandri into motion, the Mazidariga\u8217\'92s warbling whistle pierced the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He turned and tried to run as the whistling pitched into a mind splitting squeal. He collapsed to his knees, cowered against the sound, and he prayed a broken prayer between gasps as he felt his breath begin to leave him. He choked and swallowed, then someone grabbed the scruff of his robe and lifted him off the ground. It was Ayram, hoping to flee, but before he could gather Mandri under his arm the Riga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whistle pitched again, crescendoing into a tinny screech that sent Mandri into convulsions. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach retched, his chest heaved, his head slumped back into the crook of Ayram\u8217\'92s arm as a dim gray cloud spewed out out his mouth. Ayram reached out to try and gather it, that he might stuff it back down Mandri\u8217\'92s throat, but the smoke only flowed between his fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whistling shifted again, higher still, and the cloud reformed as it zipped past Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear. It flew through the tunnel, towards the horse and rider, leaving the rest of the Ayramun watching in helpless panic. All the while, the distant line of soldiers continued marching.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  At least, that was the hope. In truth it was all a fantasy, this artist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s noticing, this lover\u8217\'92s noticing, noticing to remember.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram Angry, strikes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram tossed him aside, and his sudden thump against ground would be forgotten by everyone but himself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lay there, fly-swatted, struggling terribly against a new pain in his jaw}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was, Mandri knew, beholding the scene. While beholding is not a lossless art, if the eye is practiced, what gets lost has chance of being reconstructed later. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  That woman there was living in the moment so that in the future she could dwell in a fictitious past, one which centered herself and neglected to account for the private lives of anyone not in view. That included most of the world. And that included Mandri. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri would have thought this staging was artificial if he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t watching it happen with his own eyes. And there, fitted in to the sand behind, was that white line of Hrkan soldiers, marching at pace. It would take a large canvas to do them all justice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On instinct, the scribe spurred his horse forward, and though the horse tossed its head, distressed by its rider\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cue, it pressed on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reminded himself that the story of the Pass was only a story. Anyone could have made it up.  Besides, people actually lived in the Pass. The Greskalun lived in it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}