{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78754"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 The Adventure Club with the fleet by Ralph Henry Barbour | Project Gutenberg}}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At present time our larger destroyers are of about eleven hundred tons displacement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 although we hear rumours of still larger ships being built. The destroyer must be able to cruise for weeks at a time without return to base, and for that reason must be sufficiently large to carry immense quantities of fuel and stores. Today one of our newer destroyers can take on enough oil on this side to make the run to England and back without replenishing her tanks. As to speed, the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Jacob Jones}{\f0\fs24\b0 , the latest destroyer of which specifications have been made public, made thirty knots an hour, developing about seventeen thousand horse power. Others, however, laid down after the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Jacob Jones}{\f0\fs24\b0 , are said to be able to steam at thirty-five knots and a fraction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The activity of the submarine in the present war has had its influence on the destroyer. The torpedo as a weapon against the submarine is of no consequence. The destroyer trusts to the fire of its small guns or to ramming, when the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 69]submarine is on the surface, and to depth-charges when the submarine is submerged. As the all-important task of the American Navy at present is to combat the German U-boat, our destroyers, which, with light cruisers and \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93chasers,\u8221\'94 are best adapted for such warfare, comprise the bulk of our offensive fleet. In consequence of the duty they have to perform the tendency is toward an increase of gun power, and the destroyers now being turned out carry many more rapid-fire rifles. Seaworthiness, speed and a large range of action are also requisites, and these features, too, are receiving attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The present day automobile torpedo is an outcome of the spar torpedo of Civil War times. The spar, or outrigger torpedo, was fixed at the end of a pole and exploded by contact with the hull of an enemy ship or by use of a firing battery at will. It was by such a contrivance that the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Housatonic}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was sent to the bottom off Charleston by a Confederate submarine boat, with the accompanying loss of the submarine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crew. Other successful uses of the spar torpedo were made during the Civil War and later. Robert Whitehead invented the \u8220\'93fish\u8221\'94 torpedo which, in improved shape, still bears his name. It has played a prominent part in the present war. Another\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 70]torpedo, used by our Navy, is the Bliss-Leavitt. The diameter of the automobile torpedo varies from eighteen to twenty-two inches, with an extreme length of twenty-one feet. Essentially it is a submarine boat self-propelled. It consists of five parts: warhead, air-flask, depth control mechanism, steering gear and engines. In the warhead is a charge of high explosive, from two hundred to five hundred pounds, according to type or size, which is detonated by a firing mechanism. The explosive may be either gun-cotton, which is ordinary cotton treated with nitric and sulphuric acids, or trinitrotoluol, familiarly known as TNT, which is formed of hydrogen and carbon treated with nitric acid. The detonating mechanism is merely a firing pin which goes through the centre of the explosive charge from front to rear and is seated in a percussion cap located back of the charge. At the nose of the warhead the firing pin terminates in a safety device known as a butterfly nut. A second safety appliance reaches through half the diameter of the warhead and holds the firing pin in place so that it cannot strike against the percussion cap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The air-flask is a strongly constructed steel tank which is filled with compressed air used to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 71]operate the engine and all other mechanism of the torpedo. The depth control mechanism is worked by water pressure and is adjustable by a spring before launching. It allows the torpedo to be run at any desired depth. Its principal parts are a pendulum and a hydrostatic piston controlling horizontal rudders. The steering gear consists of a gyroscopic compass which influences vertical rudders and keeps the torpedo on its course. The engine is operated by compressed air which takes the place of steam. A reducing valve decreases the pressure of the air to that required. An alcohol flame heats the air as it enters the cylinders and also produces steam from the water in a combustion flask. The air and steam are mixed and the resulting expansion provides the force to drive the engine. In several types of torpedoes the engines are reciprocating, but in the Bliss-Leavitt, or Bliss, as it is frequently called, are placed turbines that drive two propellers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The torpedo is forced from the torpedo tube by means of compressed air. On a destroyer these tubes are set up much like a gun, and singly, in twos or in threes. Before the torpedo is placed in the tube the safety pin is removed and the butterfly nut is loosened. The breach-block of the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 72]tube is closed and compressed air is turned into the tube behind the torpedo, which, however, is kept from being forced out at the muzzle by a lock. When the catch of the lock is released the torpedo is forced from the tube. At the same time the interior mechanism of the torpedo begins its work and, at about forty knots an hour, the missile flies toward the target. On striking the target the firing pin, from the tip of which the butterfly nut has now dropped off, is forced back against the percussion cap and the high explosive charge is detonated and the ship is sunk or crippled. Since, however, the speed of the ship, its course and the speed of the torpedo itself all enter into marksmanship, the torpedo is not counted an accurate weapon at long ranges, and even at short ranges misses frequently occur.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 High up on the foretop, on a narrow perch slung within a grey canvas cylinder that barely allowed elbow-room, Steve was on lookout duty. His eyes just topped the steel-hooped rim of his nest and a brisk breeze flattened back the brim of his white cap. It was his first go at it, and he was a little excited, a little proud and terrifically anxious. It was still early morning of the second day of patrol duty, so early that the odour of coffee was still floating up from the galley below. The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Warren}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was loafing along at some twelve knots an hour, but even so she rolled considerably and the cage swung from port to starboard and back to port, describing a good twenty degrees of an arc. Around him in every direction stretched a waste of grey-green water, a-sparkle in the sunlight save where, under the ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s starboard side, a broad copper-hued shadow kept pace with her. Straight below, the foreshortened figure of an officer moved about the bridge. Forward of him the three-inch gun pointed an inquiring nose\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 92]across the bow, gleaming dully. Turning his head, Steve could look into the cavernous mouth of the forward smokestack from which a yellow-grey vapour poured. White-capped forms moved briskly about the deck or lounged in the sheltered places. Somewhere astern was Spain, somewhere ahead, Ireland. For the rest Steve only knew that the Atlantic Ocean was beneath him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and doubtless a great deal of it, too\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and that his eyes, after only twenty minutes up here in his dizzy perch were already aching with the strain.}{ \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The sun crept higher and the breeze, fresh and salty from the southwest, grew stronger and hummed a tune on the wireless aerial and slapped a line briskly against the mast. A flock of tiny blue-black birds swept across the bow, circled and spread low above the waves, }{\f0\fs24\b1 melting into the irradiance of the sun.\~ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain }