{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look, if I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hold a wage over their heads, threat of hunger, starvation, homelessness, their not going to do anything for me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 introducing a sword in the inferior left side of the abdomen, and cut to the right.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  This resulted in a stabbed L-shaped wound which interested the abdominal wall, usually without affecting the internal organs, thus ultimately determining a slow death. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Material boiled away, denuded of volatile material,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Getting near to a giant planet either eats you, or increases your energy and ejects you. Risk vs reward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like music? Universal experience. Every culture everywhere has people who don\u8217\'92t like music. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and people who don\u8217\'92t like listening to it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do you bing to the table? Me}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Animal Kills mate suspecting it was sick.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a great regression from stoics/greeks/etc. To the dominance of christianity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Decolonize face blindness- unbiased perception. Because there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no good reason to favor recognizing people. Like, there might be a fitness advantage to seeing Trump\u8217\'92s face and not knowing who the fuck it is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Success}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -has almost nothing to do with raw intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -respond to failure}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -willingness to push against desire to not try.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Radiohead giving their music out for free changed nothing in the world}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unless I do it too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll offer a constructive critique, ask what did the artist set out to do, but not offer the same to solraheen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's day 1023 of the culture war.\line I've taken to signing my bombs with the message, "Art is not subjective". Harbell disagreed and we had to kill him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "nobody goes there anymore; it's too crowded" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peeople see thing wrong with you that you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. Like hair on fire. Or bug on the back of your collar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s probably illegal, but it definitely isn\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He is labor market american. THe glue that holds all the disparate parts of america together. college educated. sweetharts can't live near both sets of parents at once so they diffuse, and the glue spreads.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Orthodox test for virginity - sit on a wine barrel, and the scent of the wine came out from their breath, she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a virgin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That there is an egg laying chicken}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Person whose mood reflects the state of the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Writing is the most unhealthy of all art forms. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think its something people should aspire to be. Its like aspiring to be overweight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Life is putting one foot in front of the other, but he thinks a million things in between each step.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He has Survivors guilt from wars he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s never been in. Wars from 500 years ago. What cosmic cruelty determined they should die young,but he should get everything he wanted?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 go crawl back up into your mothers womb to finish gestating.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy lies about someone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - you know its happening somewhere to someone, so really its not a lie.\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~"That's a lie" is followed by "prove I'm lying". It's a fun little game tbh. I don't ever set out to 'win'. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did we lose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93THey stabbed us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its all in the delivery - comedy and giving birth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For evolution to occur, you need selection and death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All religions are wrong. All knowledge of god is wrong. As soon as you close your fingers with words, god slips out of your hand, but even that is to close your fingers. A paradox.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  I never said I could destroy you. You would need integrity for me to be able to do that. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 small variation on a reddit comment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dead hands dig deep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tiered metaphor- \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We get it poets; things are like other things.\u8221\'94 _ if that\u8217\'92s all your metaphor is doing, it is perhaps not good. But if the metaphor is used in service of meaning greater than the sum of parts, then it is good - like it speaks to the charachter thinking it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Epilogetics}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - counterpoint to apologetics}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 kategoria}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , or accusation }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is valuable about christianity - gives people the impluse to not get lost in their anguish and guilt - if not by man, they are forgiven by god himself, so they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t idle around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The emergelectic - not progressing towards a specific goal, undirected - even as rational beings, it is undirected, because each individual has a private world - ideas are not safe and secure from external work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every great idea was pushed back against. Every one. And look what happened!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This idiot is arguing that because people say he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrong, that must mean he\u8217\'92s right!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re rich and wealthy - you can afford to have enemies}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great to be poor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great to be a millionaire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The middle class pays to keep the show running. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re the natural targets. They\u8217\'92ll take it. They\u8217\'92ll grumble and complain but they\u8217\'92ll take it. It\u8217\'92s the rich and poor who are murdrerous.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I do not ask that you be intelligent. What is more precious than intelligence is an awareness of the level of one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own intellgience.  If you are a moron, and you accept that you are a moron, I will love you infinitely more than the most intelligent man who does not realize that even he as significant limitations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Darth Dawkins: I just asked you a straightforward question. Stop prevaricating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Example of someone framing a question which requires a response.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Is the sky blue?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It depends on the time of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Stop prevaricating! Is it blue!? A simple  yes or no!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For someone who wasnt\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 born yesterday, he sure whines on the baby.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He will dron on talking for 5 minutes, and after all that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re just to answer yes or no.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scene where hes asking yes or no, yes or no. Flips the script and says is the sky blue yes or no. He says, stop evading the question.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tension between being fruitful and multiplying and uniting the self with god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mystical cloud of unkowning = dissolution of all boundaries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been awful quiet.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93I work for a living.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93I hope you don\u8217\'92t do anything important.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It took me a long time to purge the stupidity in myself. I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it for everyone else.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anarcho-Monarchism . When everything is the state, nothing is the state. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obviously the one thing we need for true justice is a profit motive. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man invented inventories.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I need to get you all to the state where, when you write something that you hate, you get excited. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a positive thing. When you write something good, nothing could be more horrible. Because when you write something good, what that means is,  you lack the insight or the taste to even realize why what you\u8217\'92ve written is bad. Whereas wehen tyou write something bad, that\u8217\'92s agood sign. Now you just have to fix it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because of this mindset, we need a very specific way of working. Build it all up toegether. Because that way you can keep telling yourself, well, I haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really tried to solve that problem yet. Then, eventually, you run through all the problems. Fail to solve them. But hey, because you\u8217\'92ve built it all up together, you have a finished piece which you can then sell. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You need to push yourself to defeat. And you retreat. You never want to look at it again for the shame. But there is a thing there, now. A Work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few Evangelicals have tortured their theology and then buried it into an evagelical shaped grave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Love is selfish - love me more than them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sacrifice yourself for me, not them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93London should be moved\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Observation of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sand shields\u8217\'92 in beach drainage being small scale of the bar itself, which is a small scale of the beach, which is a small scale of the island, and up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Love is myopia}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 philosophy is useful insofar as it instructs someone as to why philosophy is worthless.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dont let weeds grow in the rose garden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 intro racist pruning weeds, then pruning a rose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Depression started when I stopped being impressed by other people}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Led blind by her own biases from point a to point A.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why life drawing instead of drawing from photos - it has already been interpreted. Same with history - you have to get to the facts pre-narrative.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, we rigged the lottery, but what does it matter? In a deterministic universe, everything is rigged. So what if was me or the butterfly flapping it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wings in new york.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This bread is dishonest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Harden to it - wet shits}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Timer-organic materials and then investing spirit into stone - life is a process of hardening. Grave STONE - the stoneiness is important.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Ute a shoven\u8217\'92 - shoved out}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trapped in writing}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Christians stuck in a narrative. Only way to break them free would be a boundary crisis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Picard:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He piled upon the whale's white hump the sum of all the rage and hate felt by his whole race. If his chest had been a cannon, he would have shot his heart upon it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Original:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He piled upon the whale's white hump the sum of all the general rage and hate felt by his whole race from Adam down; and then, as if his chest had been a mortar, he burst his hot heart's shell upon it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any given question is just a rhetorical rearrangement of a collection of propositions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 because what are facts but a set of inconsequentialist. He is old enough to know he has his own facts. His facts are firm because they are his. He is RIGHT!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Circulation of souls - gaia ff9 - Garland - this is fate, this is how its supposed to be in ages past!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Comparing this to the christian mindset - we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been operating this way for so long, it is profane thing to upset this balaance - Zidane - BUT I want to LIVE \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ties in with the sagan quote; overthrowing long held narratives are the most valuable stories}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Come up with a term for - if I would have knkown this from the beginning, I would have done it all differently. Giving up and restarting - dwarf fortress}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A study on canines: how metaculture explodes culture}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - basically evolution bred beautiful healthy animals. When man is aware of the natural process and hijacks it - what results is stunning variety, health concerns, hyper specialization.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The proof that AI will take over - people don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t visit graveyards, they visit galleries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is not an army but a wound upon the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because we devote so much computational power to facial recognition, it would be a shame if that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an accurate way to acquire information about the world. So our monky brain associate\u8217\'92s certainty in expression to certainty of truth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Should you desire a child of my dimension, I am more than willing to fill that hole.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Telling someone who is fully dressed to put some clothes on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He does not believe in gravity. He believes all objects suffer from down syndrome.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d fluff his mustache with his bottom lip.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your words make poor pilgrims,\u8221\'94 she said sternly. \u8220\'93Let them rest.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Star citizen as the ultimate example of stupidity of resource allocation of capitalism. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find it. Bad assumptions. You assumed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You assumed that we weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t assuming!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What triggers the excitment, the thirst for knowledge. Understanding is its own reward. WHAT the fuck is going on brooooo. It almost feels like there is a community inside me, all arguing, all requireing relief of a settlement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=b1b4d75b0ccbb475&sxsrf=AHTn8zo45v_3FLKw_wVRdgCJ3VerJr35VQ:1743976201227&q=ornamentation&si=APYL9bsCCEFVBcMxd8-a_RFrBZKcnoeGfj5iBXHOC0nnWhwxx2eCIu8R92EGxmvnW_aHzl75WV35BsUxTNRVk48z1GkyinqLEl4YTGmM3x4K7sKF-Y1sFs0%3D&expnd=1&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjo-OHPscSMAxUcSzABHe9EPL0QyecJegQIKBAQ"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ornamentation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of a leather book cover with designs impressed by heated tools.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "ornaments ready to use in the gold tooling of fine bindings"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Society is very effiecient these days. Social validation as a job, instead of having to jump through all the usual rigamarole and rituals and structurs - just sit in front of a camera and watch me - here are the states.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sam, I threw you a bone there- don\u8217\'92t push your luck.\u8221\'94 Sam proceeds to push his luck. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anime monster - I do like the double bounce -story is about a corrupt hospital, but no, its deeper.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like to laugh. My butthole pulses when I laugh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 About trumpian politician: He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s evil!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No, unfortunately he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not. He\u8217\'92s only a human being. If he were evil he could be defeated, but there\u8217\'92s no quarter with human nature.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , as he seemed able to reframe facts into mere inconsequentialisms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 reducing them down to a set of inconsequentialisms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You distract me with these inconsequentialisms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Inconsequentialisms?! These are facts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pate, we are swimming in facts and you ignore almost all of them. Simply ignore a few more and leave me be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Being dubbed a knight - the last blow you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll ever take without returning it \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an assumption of the monopoly of violence.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Im on a hunger strike.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When did you start?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This morning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh\u8230\'85Until I get hungry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am better than you precisely because I am willing to admit that I am worse than you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Against the Doers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its the doers who get things done, but its only dunning kruger and conmen who do because intelligent people weigh risks and empathetic people who worry about causing harm.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hand gesture- jonathan gorard - pulling something out and throwing it in the air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AB scream, then I love you god, thank you! As he murders a man.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quest for a great artist who stopped making art.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Goes on a spiel about how art is for people. If you hate people, you will not make art.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Surfing a big wave is an incredible experience. It is Glorious. Imagine someone standing on the beach, watching someone surf, wanting that for themselves, then instead of paddling out they take a photo, go home, and photoshop themselves onto the wave. Sure, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve gotten onto the wave in the end, but they\u8217\'92ve missed the entire point\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they missed what feels like contact with Something Greater. And for what? Was it social validation they were after? Fame? A product to sell? Skewed minds are out here thinking the end product is what\u8217\'92s valuable\u8230\'85But how can you blame them? That\u8217\'92s the System, brah. And until you\u8217\'92ve surfed a big wave, you can\u8217\'92t possibly have any idea about what you\u8217\'92re missing out on. Why wouldn\u8217\'92t you think that a photo of yourself doing it is roughly equivalent?  Why can\u8217\'92t daydreaming about dropping into an epic left capture enough of the experience?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 War defines boundaries - see chimpanzees -boundary disputes end in war, because now the fundamental boundary, the self is violated.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is why artists are the most selfish people. Surfers are selfish, too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The great doom of sane, good-hearted people is to live in a society in which rape and theft is tolerated and or erased. Corruption is overlooked as a means to a more virtuous end. It is there in america, in india. Andrew jackson is on our 20 dollar bill. Why is it so difficult to combat these evil men who preside over every generation?  I think to the admiration of napoleon. Of hitler. Men who, in defense of atrocities, folk will say, he was a man of action. But it is more than that. It is the mechanics of isolated thought - lie and telling people what they want to hear will get you much further than a hard and honest truth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 -Long gone are the days when a single man of humble origins could shake the world. In the of liberty, and the explosion of population, comes an unassailable truth - you will live, you will die, and no one will have been the wiser.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  When you are alone in the wilderness, opinions or beliefs of any kind are dropped as the absurd accoutrements they are. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Peace sing upside down with arrows expanding - war.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I got some bad news}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bebb has parkinsons disease}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Someone who knows something bad about me is dying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thinged it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You thougt it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I thinged it. Made it into a thing, when it was not before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Feeling more than ever his existence to be an undemanded one}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He needed a word to define it, without a word he would succumb to the passion without ever realizing it. It would be invisible to him. He coudl anchor no  strartegy without a word. A word was brick to build with, a stone to throw,  space, to keep things separate, and it would all run ajumble and the fragile order imparted on the world through language would fall apart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Journey is the destination - entropy - complexity the transition between two phases of stasis/homogeneity}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to become the environment to someone else\u8217\'92s story. Because I see how I misuse people in mine.}}