{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fleeing. Rest - Mandri, Seb, and Purl smoke a blunt, Mandri and purl get wasted, Seb takes Mandri to the demon witch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing. So hard to not think this is something. Expecatations and whatnot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The voice of Pell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My lady.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve brought someone?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brought Mandrameen. Heard your servant Salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mmmmm interesting. Well now, this is a development.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Touches Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I found him myself. I was- }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care how it happened, only that it did. Though, I suppose if he were to come alive, that it would be Elrahet to do it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interesting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other issue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb explains plan to capture a mazydariga and then sneak into jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That will be a close run thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Ayram were delayed by a day or two, that would give\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the storm, He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going to want to have to head towards the skelti sand. Direct him towards shulik.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But I dont understand, if their goal is to kill solraheen, why are we trying to stop them?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that want we want? Solraheen dies, and Schisol rises from the ashes? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Schisol is *inside* of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They are not trying kill solraheen. They are trying to end him. They want to completely destroy the body. If there is no more body, the Solraheen can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be killed, and Schisol cannot rise from the flesh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HUGE ass lizard. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 End on her coaxing it onto it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, then slicing the stomach open.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We need to make sure that mazyd never makes it to Jeket. And it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s time Elrahet gets what\u8217\'92s coming to her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Puts bug inside of him - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Put\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lizard inside of }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}