{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every artist who has ever tried to capture the beauty of nature has failed. The problem is always the same: one cannot stalk beauty, kill it, and then stitch its hide to a frame because beauty is out there in the world and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s connected to everything else. To capture it, to kill it, you would have to kill everything, and killing everything is not possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It is also wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri burped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took another swig of the burgeon hooch that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left steeping in a hole in the ground, then continued spiraling over the fact that he\u8217\'92d ever picked up a paintbrush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because what is a painting, really? Paint a tree, and all its leaves get reduced to flecks of green. A living leaf with all its complexity, its pattern, its anastomosing veins pumped full of vital fluids, its birth and death, its fall from the branch, its decay into dirt, that whole nested universe, that complexity, reduced to a fleck of green. Reduced, because art is about seduction, not the truth. Paint an oasis, and look, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a naked woman bathing in the mossy water. Focus the gaze by sharpening the droplets of jade that gleam on her cinnamon skin. Blur the leaf, if one must paint the leaf, by feathering its edge into the sky so that eye doesn\u8217\'92t get snagged on a sharp line of verdant green set against a chalky blue. Blame it on the effects of atmospheric haze. Perhaps move the leaf and tree altogether if they don\u8217\'92t slide a wandering eye down towards that temptress\u8217\'92 stare. Consider removing the leaf and tree entirely, because it\u8217\'92s good practice to erase all evidence of a crime once it has been committed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And yes, it is a crime. Artists are criminals. Only a greedy thief could say to the creator, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d prefer to see it in my own}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 hand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go and paint all this,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, sweeping his arm over the world. \u8220\'93Take as long as you like. Take a lifetime. Take ten lifetimes! Then\u8230\'85 and then\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then he forgot what he was on about because Gil wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t listening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil was an ox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had rescued Gil from a leech farm right outside of Meskalim. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d found the poor old beast withers-deep in a swamp. Ropes kept Gil snug while leeches fed on him. Two wooden bars propped him up, kept him from collapsing into the murk from pain and exhaustion. Nowadays, Gil spent his time napping in the barren field that was Mandri\u8217\'92s farm. His big, dozing breaths rolled his yellow hide back and forth over his sagging spine. Mandri was high on burgeons, so the sight of that rolling hide was a sight to see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s short hairs swirled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A more intense, boiling swirl might come later. Boiling would have come quick if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d sipped black-eye burgeons, and only then if he picked them fresh and got to the juice quick. These down-valley burgeons did things differently. They\u8217\'92d make textures slide, edges bleed, but their chief effect was that anything bright would sparkle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Gil\u8217\'92s stubby white horns, the sunlight filtering through the drifting boughs of the hornscrub tree overhead, the puffs of cloud in the sky, pretty much everything that wasn\u8217\'92t hidden in shadow would sparkle. The effect was less pronounced when the burgeon was mixed in with a nasty hooch like this, but that didn\u8217\'92t matter, because the only thing Mandri really wanted to see was the sight of that salt stain on his field sparkling as it squirmed around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing the salt move like that made him feel like he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lost a battle to an inanimate thing. That salt was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 alive}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . That scintillating swarm of wriggling white larvae were actively gnawing on his wilted bean stalks. And wrapped on poles like that, Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light, those withered stalks looked so much like martyred pilgrims.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nestled deeper into the tree trunk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s embrace as a cool breeze caressed his cheek. He sighed a little half-sipped, absent sigh, the kind of sigh that he\u8217\'92d start to make whenever he was ready for a nap. He let his eyelids slouch as he watched the flies buzz in and out of Gil\u8217\'92s snout. The ox snored and blew those fuzzy black dots out of his great big nostrils. The flies zipped right back in to lick at the only reliable source of moisture that they could find in this godforsaken field.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at you,\u8221\'94 someone said. \u8220\'93Ignoring my advice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Burgeon spiked hooch had never given Mandri an extra inner voice before. Odd that it should sound so much like Vigram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go away,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The voice did not go away. It kicked him in the shin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left eye pricked open. Vigram was standing over him. The big man was wrapped in an olive traveling robe with red-thread leaves trimming the sleeves, a blot of a person amidst a sparkling, burgeon addled world. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri blinked, squinted, and was stunned to see that Vigram did not disappear. So, he picked up a pebble, threw it, then watched it bounce off Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly before getting lost in the blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps the man was real.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s next instinct was to drink as much of his jumped-up hooch as he could, because no doubt Vigram was here to snatch it. Then again, the man might not know what it was. It looked like milk. And it would be a waste to drink it all in one go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No, that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was a special drink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Worthy of preservation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had made plenty of special drinks, but this one was extra special because it was right here, a thing of the present. He could maybe try to hide it, tuck the clay jug away somewhere, maybe just nudge it behind the tree, but no doubt Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s needling eyes were\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re drooling,\u8221\'94 Vigram said disdainfully. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Burgeons can make a mess of a person, but Mandri knew he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so far gone yet. A peculiar thing about this particular brew was that it left his wits untouched. Well, mostly untouched. Maybe a little touched, it was difficult to gauge. Vigram\u8217\'92s beard flowed off his chin, a perpetual waterfall of oily hair, but in Mandri\u8217\'92s view this didn\u8217\'92t qualify as a sign of lost wits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have big plans for you,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. His teeth flashed as he spoke. His head pitched into a suspecting tilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram,\u8221\'94 Mandri said forcefully, trying to sound sober, \u8220\'93you don\u8217\'92t know me well enough to intervene here. I\u8217\'92ve made my choice.\u8221\'94 He took another big swig of his hooch to emphasize it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, chuckling. \u8220\'93I am not here to intervene. I am here to collect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Collect what?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked as he eyed Vigram\u8217\'92s leery smile. Mandri owed no debt. Then again, he couldn\u8217\'92t really trust his own interpretations of things at the moment. Even the basic awareness of how many people were present was slipping, because it took all the way until now for him to notice that Pel was here too, standing some yards away, wrapped full up in black instead of the usual shoulder flaunting dress. She suffered in the sun like a dutiful servant, and gone was her flirty mood because she stared at him like she was planning to use his bones for something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 she}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  doing here?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram unfolded a short stool from nowhere, then sat down uncomfortably close. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ask if Mandri minded. \u8220\'93I suppose I should lead with this,\u8221\'94 he said as he wiped his bald scalp dry of sweat. \u8220\'93Pel is not my daughter.\u8221\'94 He thumb-pointed to Pel over his shoulder. \u8220\'93She and I are not related in any way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know that\u8217\'92s a lot to stomach, I know. We will come back to it. First, drink up. As I\u8217\'92m sure you are aware, the burgeon bush is a blessed provision from the gods.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I thought you said\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Drink!\u8221\'94 Vigram demanded. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t think about what I said earlier. It might be best if you forget everything I\u8217\'92ve ever said, and pretend that we\u8217\'92ve never met. Think of me as a stranger. It would be unstrangerly for me to insert myself in your decision to obliterate yourself. I am here only to check on my investment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin prickled. He clutched his jug of hooch close because if Vigram was after something, there was only one thing he could take.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are here,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, nodding back towards Pel, \u8220\'93we are here because you passed a test. You spurned this beautiful girl and rejected the comfortable life she offered. Everyone else might look at you and see a dumb, hopeless young man, something like a worm, but\u8230\'85well, I see that too, but I also see in you something special. You are fertile ground, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram, whatever it is you want me to do, I\u8217\'92m not interested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care what you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to do, Mandri. There is only what you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  do. You will do great things, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m sure of it. You see, I\u8217\'92ve never explained to you what makes a genius, so I\u8217\'92ll tell you now. It is something like a despairing hate. I don\u8217\'92t like the word, hate, as it has high walls, so I\u8217\'92ll say instead, it is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 aversion}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that makes a genius. A person has to dislike what everyone else is doing in order to go through the effort of finding a new solution which no one else could see. Everyone else,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he said, spreading his arms out so as to summon the masses of world into his embrace, \u8220\'93everyone else is traveling down a wide and easy road which we might call culture, and you see where they\u8217\'92re going, and it does not look enjoyable to you, so you drop off that road. A lot of people drop off that easy road, but the ones who are capable enough to forge their own path, these are the potentials. You are one of them. This is why I am excited, because without knowing, you have already taken the first few steps down an untrodden path, and I find myself in a position to help you get to where you\u8217\'92re going.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93what in god\u8217\'92s name are you on about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders fell, but this was not discouragement, for his smiling eyes went wide. He said, eager beard wiggling, \u8220\'93I will tell you a story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, voice growing sharp. He chopped the air with an open hand. \u8220\'93You need to listen to what I have to say. Good stories are a kind of currency in this world. They make people do things they wouldn\u8217\'92t otherwise think to do. In a way, the right story, applied to the right person, buys them. I don\u8217\'92t want to buy you, Mandri, I only mean to say that I could tell you a story which would change your life. It\u8217\'92s a story about a wastrel. You know him.\u8221\'94 Vigram\u8217\'92s lips pinched into a wry grin, as if he\u8217\'92d just insulted Mandri and didn\u8217\'92t want to get away with it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I do,\u8221\'94 Mandri said flatly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m sure that you do. You see, this wastrel, he was a\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri cut Vigram short with a snort, then settled into the tree like he was about to go in for a nap, but high as he was, he knew his face might be doing things all its own. That was another thing about burgeons, they numbed the face, so he was never quite sure what it was doing. He could be making kissy lips at Vigram right now and he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know it unless he focused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, this is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 my}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  story,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  was the wastrel. I was as you are now. I know it is hard to believe, but I took my father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s money, the money meant to bring me up in this world, and I spent it on burgeons, women, and people who I thought were friends. My life\u8217\'92s prospects quickly came to nothing. When my father found out that I had beggared us both, his anger was profound. It might be hard for you to comprehend, because you don\u8217\'92t have children. But given the rough nature of your current condition you might have some sympathy for the idea that this existence is a mistake. It lacks purpose. I would go further and say that I can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 prove}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that we\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I speak of all of humanity, now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we have no intrinsic purpose.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked to Pel, hoping to commiserate. Then he remembered that she was a fiction, and that the strange woman standing there had no relation to Vigram and probably hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t heard enough of Vigram\u8217\'92s lectures to be tortured by every word which flicked off the tongue. Then he realized that Vigram had been talking all this time without a toothache. Was that pain a lie, too?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, regaining Mandri\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Let me prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prove what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can prove that none of us are meant to be in this world. Look at this place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes turned to Mandri\u8217\'92s failure of a farm. It was a brown, sweat-stained tunic, with rings of salt around the collar and armpits. The world beyond was just as devoid of green, all dry and brittle, and the other side of the Hias mountains weren\u8217\'92t any better. \u8220\'93Even where the world is rich, it\u8217\'92s not any better. If a person ever finds themselves blessed with wealth and health beyond comprehension, what happens to them? I\u8217\'92ve seen it first hand, how impoverishing wealth is when a person gets it. I\u8217\'92ve seen it through the eyes of the Hrkan Lords. Without any real concerns to distract them, you might think that they are free to pursue their life\u8217\'92s intrinsic purpose and be fulfilled, but that is not what happens. They either lose themselves to pleasure, or they begin to invent enemies where there are none. They feel boxed in. It is a frustration so thorough and complete that, I tell you, they lose all sense. What does it mean when wealth frees these people from the indignities of life, and they turn, naturally, into some aberrant husk of a person? Do you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do see the implication, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vision was beginning to swirl, so he could hardly see anything except for the sight of Vigram\u8217\'92s sweaty scalp sparkling atop the endlessly dissolving swarm of hair that was his beard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, the implication is that what purpose we do have is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 crafted.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 made.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It exists outside of yourself, and that means it is something you can lose. Now, I put it to you that losing your purpose is the greatest horror a human being can experience. It happened to me. It happened to my father. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh, you of all people should know how this can break a person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t aware that he was laughing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92ll say this!\u8221\'94 Vigram bellowed. \u8220\'93Most make their family their purpose, and my father was such a man. I was his purpose in life. To borrow a poetic turn, I was his challenge to the Black. Not only did he lose this challenge, his attempt was squandered. If I were killed, he could have moved into grief, but no, he had challenged the Black and the Black answered back by turning me into the living embodiment of a life\u8217\'92s wasted labor. That was how he saw it. So, he sent me a note which said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t we all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! Yes, I suspect you already see where this is going. I might have been a wastrel, but I did not want to die. I read the note and became concerned. I began to see my father in every shadow. I couldn\u8217\'92t enjoy myself, couldn\u8217\'92t bother the whores, you know, couldn\u8217\'92t sleep in the same place twice. If you knew the man, you\u8217\'92d know what was coming for me. What can I say? I was a wastrel who couldn\u8217\'92t confront even the thought of a confrontation. So what did I do? I ran away to find a witch to fix my problems for me. If a witch could predict the exact moment when my father would kill me, then I could, I hoped, avoid that moment. So, I found a witch. Guess what she did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She bored you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, she showed me what I was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what was that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is not for me to say,\u8221\'94 Vigram replied. \u8220\'93My purpose here is to prime you for an introduction. Now I should say that Pel is no mere child. Show her your deepest respect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram turned and encouraged Pel to venture into the shade of the hornscrub tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram fidgeted in his chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The tree branch framing her figure swayed in the wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dust swirled against her waist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It seemed all the world was alive with movement, but she, this witch, was a pillar. And there was a nasty squint in the shadow of her shawl, fixed on Mandri. When she finally stepped forward, she grew tall, and taller still with every step. She moved without making a sound, for she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t adorned with the usual veneer of civilization; no shine-silver bracelets, or bangles, or gold hoop earrings, no makeup or red-thread leaves trimming her robe. The only ornament on her entire body was the turtle-shell hilt of a dagger which she kept fashionably crooked in her waistband. The rest of her tawny self could have been slapped together in a reed hut on the banks of the river Jek; robes black, but stained dusty brown all over. She was dirty, with perfect teeth. A full complement of perfectly straight and sun-bleached teeth were sparkling inside her boiling blur. They practically outshone the sun.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever killed someone?\u8221\'94 she asked. Her voice was dire. The narrow whites of her eyes seemed possessed of an inner light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killing?\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled. \u8220\'93What is this about?\u8221\'94 He looked to Vigram for reassurance, but the man sat uneasily upon his stool. \u8220\'93I guess it depends on who is getting killed,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Are these, I don\u8217\'92t know, are they murderers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not answer my questions with questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reflexively took another drink. As the burgeon bile trickled down his throat, the vision of this witch grew even taller. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 he said, after licking his lips, \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the point of this, anyway? You want me to kill someone?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would that be such a terrible a thing?\u8221\'94 Pel asked through a grimace of a smile. \u8220\'93Right this very moment, people are dying. I do not mean one or two, their deaths number in the thousands. Thousands are dying, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right this very moment}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think of them, but I do. It is my duty to ensure that they are dying for a purpose.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you need me for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever prayed to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever prayed to the good god Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I have, who hasn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s upper lip curled in contempt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram butted in with an outstretched arm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you spoken the words yourself?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t count prayer circles where someone else does the heavy lifting. Have you ever run away to a quiet place and whispered words to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer because the edges of Vigram\u8217\'92s beard were fractaling into smoke, and that smoke seemed to melt the witch\u8217\'92s eyebrows down into her wrinkles. Yes, wrinkles. She was no pert beauty, Pel was a right old witch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re high as a blackbeak,\u8221\'94 Pel said. \u8220\'93That is good. You are fitting the mold.\u8221\'94 She pulled from her black robe a brown paper booklet whose makeshift spine was composed of peeling wax and fraying twine. She flattened this crudity against her hip. Mandri craned his neck to see if he could read the scrawl on the cover, but of course the burgeonsight made that impossible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She opened the book, summoned a stick of charcoal from her robe, then jotted a note onto one of the browning pages. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are untethered, that much is clear. The next test, however, I am not so sure you will succeed. Don\u8217\'92t look so frightened, boy, that also means that I am not sure you will fail. This should excite you. Are you excited, young Mandrameen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Mandri bluntly. \u8220\'93Please leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel laughed. Hers was a grating laugh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half cackle, half delirious groan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is not how this works,\u8221\'94 she said, cherishing Mandri\u8217\'92s simplicity. \u8220\'93You do not get to decide whether or not you will play a part. If you are fit for divine purpose, then you will make the choice which is to be made, and that is that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She closed her book and tucked it back into her robes. Mandri, thinking she was about to depart, whispered a chime of praise, but this was muted the moment he saw her staring at him. She was holding him in her eyes. Yes, those were a lover\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, or a murderer\u8217\'92s, it was difficult to say because there was a fine line between the two and the burgeonsight had her irises wiggling and popping like beans in hot oil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What keeps you here?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93You have nothing. Is it the ox?\u8221\'94 She stepped around Mandri\u8217\'92s outstretched legs to give Gil a pat. Gil was awake now. His protuberant eyes stared off into the horizon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mandri said simply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you won\u8217\'92t mind if I make a meal of him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make a what?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t mind if I butcher and eat your ox?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri started up, bruising his hip on a root, but he pushed through the ache to firmly declare, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil\u8217\'92s not for eating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You named the beast, Gil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil mooed in recognition. The old witch grinned. She gripped the turtle-shell hilt at her waist and pulled a long, black knife from an unseen sheathe. The sudden sight of this thin, curved blade drew Mandri up, and when she put it against Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, he shrieked, \u8220\'93What are you doing!? Let him be!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All things die,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93It is near enough this ox\u8217\'92s time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel, still smiling, coaxed Gil into lifting his head. She scraped her knife\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge up and down against his throat. The poor beast, eager to get in a good scratch, closed his eyes and lifted his chin as high as he could to make sure Pel could scratch the whole length of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you put one mark on him,\u8221\'94 Mandi said, \u8220\'93You will regret it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would hurt me to save your ox?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Without hesitation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If necessary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel lowered her blade. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not good,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93That is a mark against you. If you have the stomach I seek, then you should be free from such attachments. Still, I suspect I can help with that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With uncanny speed she cupped Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snout under her arm and reached around his neck with her knife. She plunged her blade into the ox\u8217\'92s flesh, drove it tight up against his jaw, then abruptly yanked it round to the other side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil let out a powerful bellow, deep and pitching. His whole bulk lurched backwards, pulling his head from her grasp. He bucked as he stood up, knocking her aside, and he hoofed it into the dusty field, bleeding and bleating as he went. He came to a stop just twenty yards away, apparently realizing there was nowhere to go. Confused at the betrayal, and weakened by the dreadful spurts of blood pouring out of his neck, he sank to his knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri snarled, picked up a rock, and he leaped after the old hag who sat watching with glee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One sharp elbow into his uglies sent him sprawling to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re not a eunuch,\u8221\'94 Pel said with an awful sneer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scrambled to reach for her robe, but the cloth appeared to melt between his fingers. And then he saw something he could not believe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She flew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She flew, feet off the dirt, straight like an arrow; she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 flew}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  towards his dying ox. Every last aspect which once was beautiful faded away to reveal an aged, scowling head, dark eyes alight with bestial rage. The sound of her shriek was borne not from her lungs, but from the deepest depths of Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She plunged head first into Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body, tearing a hole into his belly as easily as if her nose were made of flint. Gil crumpled to the ground, and she went with him, head and shoulders fixed into his side. And before Gil\u8217\'92s spine had the chance to spasm, she tore herself from his flesh. The neck of his first stomach was clenched between her teeth. She spat it out, then ripped the rest of the innards free from their lining. Kneeling, she hugged the largest stomach up to the sun. Her lips uttered a speech as black as Fabled Black. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri clasped his ears, but he could not look away. He prepared himself for some final gross barbarity, and it came when Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chanting appeared to squeeze a bright speck of light from Gil\u8217\'92s stomach. She sipped this magnificence into her chest through pursed lips, as one might sip a too-hot tea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Satiated, she dropped Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great stomach onto the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The tension in her shoulders softened. Her face, a withered sponge of blood, smiled at Mandri, and in the next instant, some unseen force appeared to pluck her off the ground and then rip her out of the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next thing Mandri knew, she had disappeared entirely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram was standing above him, excited. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When she leaves like that,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, \u8220\'93it means that what happens next is what she wants to happen. It is a good sign. You are on the path. All you have to do is choose to get up and walk. Walk with me, Mandri. You can bring your drink.\u8221\'94}}