{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next morning they came across a herd of white-tails, one-thousand strong. More commonly known as poop-tails, or piss-tails. Mandri asked Moteah why they shat on their tails, because apparently Moteah had an answer for everything. She said that when it gets too hot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it always gets too hot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 white-tail lizards cup their webbed hind feet to catch their evacuated waste. They then rub their tails in it, and they do this so that when they raise their tails into the air and open them up like sails, the liquid from their piss-shit gets sucked up by the sun, drawing the heat from the body. She knew all this because a few tribes in the Empty Portion do something similar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb overheard this explanation and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like garglin\u8217\'92 piss to wet the throat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own throat was quite dry and scratchy. Indeed, this time spent in the wilderness had acquainted him well with all his body\u8217\'92s functions, because the body was all there was. And now that he knew it well, nothing about it was revolting. It was all practical. He hadn\u8217\'92t thought about ears in three days.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, he was turning into a right old regular poke. Solraheen knows he slathered on enough kell oil to look the part.}}