{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iyram has been selling Splytu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s diluted blood to the emperor, in exchange for keeping out of Jandria. He doesn\u8217\'92t want them in because of fear of them sprawling out through the underworld and finding Splytu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thats why Mazydei was ostensibly out there - on orders of emperor to secure the source of the liquid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What kind of a fool could be around humanity for a hundred thousand years and not expect that a king would come looking for it?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The split God.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sohen/Monu - Sun/Moon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sohen and Monu co-exist in the same form. Only one is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91active\u8217\'92 at a time. They are immortal, but can die. Upon death, the active deity switches from light - dark and vice-versa. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Special powers - beam of light - weather - mind control - bending}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why would Sohen want record keeper?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - keep track of progress}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why would Monu acquiese to record keeper?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - keep track of sohen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Splytu to Iyram:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why didn\u8217\'92t you aid me earlier?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve only now just found you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sohn comes out speaking assyrian,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iyram stumbles through words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Splytu reaches out and grabs his hands, thumb in palm, and inhales. Some essence seems to leave Iram, and Splytu inhales it. Splytu gains the knowledge of all that has occurred during his incession.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iyram lays prostrate before Splytu.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your mind is blurred, Ayram. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve forgotten the tongue. Why is that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It has been long since I need have use for it, and I am only a man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your mind is blurred. Last time I looked through your mind it was as clear as the pools of Isil. What have you been putting into your body besides my blood?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been supping my blood for a hundred thousand years, yet the last few was enough to make you crumble?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayrams face contorts in sorrow and pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sigh - This is what you get for serving a usurper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I can only be loyal to Him who is present.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know. I know. But I}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 am always}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 present, dear Ayram. Never forget the truth, and what is at stake. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He presses his thumb into ayrams forehead, and Ayram begins to weep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looks into the dark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lord, I wish to be released from your service.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another moment of tension. Ayram did not dare speak. Dared not exercise will.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How long was did you keep me under rock?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Three-thousand years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only three? No irrepreable damage could have been done, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m sure. I forgive you, Ayram. But where is the frail old goat? I require a more complete picture of the story than the one you\u8217\'92ve given.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I killed him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did you? Why?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Splytu can absorb knowledge by touch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sohn, looking to Mandri, Pyetle, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iyram: This is the new story keeper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sohn: You are my story keeper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iyram: I wish to be released from your service.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sohn: Come Mandri, eat of my flesh and enter my service.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you my lord}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No Iyram, no I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve still use for you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sohn: Splytu? in Et? How long have I been under? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Three thousand years, my lord.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only three? Good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Stretches- regain familiarity with the body}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How long was our body trapped under that rock?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two thousand three hundred and eighty for days.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iyram}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Immortal man. Was granted immortality eons ago by eating the flesh of the god. He is the record-keeper - way for the two gods to talk to keep track of what happens - but really, gods treat him as a kind of pet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Commentary on christians - keep their god hostage to their will, eat his flesh to make themselves more powerful - using \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91god\u8217\'92s will to get their way in this life\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Girl gets turned into perl. Pyetle snatches it up after ayram explodes on himself. Pyetle goes into door to turn girl back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ill do it if you kill me\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla and Iram, only one at a time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}