{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93If you could command me, you could do it with a whisper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Moteah wobbled and collapsed to her knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you wanted me to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This little barb elicited a chorus of jeers from the Ayramun. Some called for justice for their dead companions. Others sought his blood for the sake of it. Ayram himself stood silent, arms crossed, betraying nothing of his mood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram nodded towards Moteah, who was still on her knees, cringing against the pain that flared in her poulticed wrist. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is your Minder, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I presume so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why are you not kneeling?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a clue. as to why the girl failed to make him kneel. But nothing so small as ignorance would stop him from speculating. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think a Minder can force me to do anything,\u8221\'94 he said with confidence. \u8220\'93A Minder can only stop me from doing something they don\u8217\'92t want me to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram seemed to find Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suggestion absurd. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the difference between commanding you to kneel, and stopping you from standing? There is no difference. Kneel, or stop standing, I don\u8217\'92t care which.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could always try again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram turned to consider Moteah, who was still on her knees, looking queasy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She has not recovered,\u8221\'94 the old witch said as she picked up the blanket and set it back around the Moteah\u8217\'92s shoulders. \u8220\'93Need I say it again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By the way Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lower lip jutted, this was not an acceptable outcome. \u8220\'93Someone toss me a knife!\u8221\'94 he roared.}}