{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To show how physicalism is identical, perhaps *necessitates* some form of neutral monism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A reformulation of Mary\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mike\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mary\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room fails to address physicalism. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Physicalism as different bundles of neurons for different experiences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, the experiences of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing black fires neuron bundle A.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing white will fire neuron bundle B.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing red will fire neuron bundle C.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Learning fact A will form neuron pattern D.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Learning fact B will form neuron pattern C.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These patterns, once learned, are accessible to mike at any time. This is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91knowledge\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, saying \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Mary never sees red until she leaves the room\u8217\'92 is equivalent to saying, \u8216\'91Neuron bundle B never fires until she leaves the room.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Consider replacing neruon bundle with silica chip - under functionalism, nothing has changed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Pain\u8217\'92 is pain eitherway. But in a pansychist, you may have just turned aperson into a philo zombie.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the person who states Mary\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room is still a problem will say, \u8216\'91you don\u8217\'92t understand what is meant by knowledge\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The issue for the reductionist is that there seems to be some fact of the matter regarding what it's like have an experience (or the fact that experience happens at all), but this information does not seem to be communicable through third-person description. Or to reframe, that there exists private 'embodied' knowledge uniquely associated with being in a particular brain state. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91red\u8217\'92 only conveys meaning because the word carries the weight of experienced phenomenon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing DSOIF fires neuron bundle shape A.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing Sdaplw fires neuron bundle shape B.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing asdofi fires neuron bundle shape C.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The argument is that there is some fact of the matter regarding what it's like to be a bat, and that this fact of the matter does not seem to be deducible, even in principle, working from purely physical knowledge (for the same reasons as above). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I don't think it invalidates the thought experiment either, because we could imagine, for example, implanting the memories of a bat into a human subject or imagine a human-bat kind of hybrid that is able to reason about the bat aspects of its experiences, etc. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It's not an argument against the claim that minds supervene on brains, if that's what you mean. It's an argument against the belief that all natural phenomena can be explained in terms of or conceptually reduced to physical processes, which opens up metaphysical questions about the nature of mind and matter. In my opinion, all it really shows (in terms of the slightest metaphysical commitment) is that matter can have non-relational properties. Properties that don't just describe how it will interact with its environment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 epiphenomenalism  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For us to be able to recognize, report on and reason about our phenomenal states they must be causally interactive. It's also my immediate and obvious experience that they are which I think constitutes pretty strong evidence that they are. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t constitute strong evidence that they are. If it\u8217\'92s the neural pathways that are associated with the experience of redness that eventually actibate the neural pathways that cause Mary to report seeing red, it stands to reason that the phenomenal experience of seeing red will be followed by the phenomenal experience of attempting to report that you are seeing red. But it is still the neuron activations that are playing the causal role. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is where the philosophical zombie argument comes in. If qualia/subjective experience didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exist you would still behave physically exactly the same way, because you are made out of stuff that is controlled by the laws of physics. This means people would have arguments and debates about qualia just like they do now, even though it doesn\u8217\'92t exist. So qualia cannot be the cause of such debates }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P1 - For a ToE to be possibly true, it must explain all observations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P2 - Phenomenal states are observations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P3 - Materialism cannot explain phenomenal states}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 C - Materialism is not possibly true.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P1 - For a model of reality to be possibly true, it must explain all observations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P2 - Physical states are observations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P3 - Transcendentalism cannot explain physical states}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 C - Transcendentalism is not possibly true.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P1 - For a model of reality to be possibly true, it must explain all observations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P3 - Neutral Monism can explain all observations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 C - Neutral Monism is possibly true.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Neutral Monism is structurally identical to The Physical Theory}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Neutral Monism is epiphenomenal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P1 - Only ToE which are possibly true can be true.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P2 - Only Neutral monism is possibly true}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 C - Neutral monism is true.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The distinction of subject and object becomes \u8230\'85 a classification through observation and analysis, instead of the intuitive distinction it is supposed to be by most metaphysicians.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://onemorebrown.com/2011/02/25/epiphenomenalism-and-russell-monism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://onemorebrown.com/2011/02/25/epiphenomenalism-and-russell-monism}}{/}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Also in the discussion Dave says that he takes the best argument against epiphenomenalism to be the argument from coincidence. Epiphenomenalism makes it a lucky accident that behavior always lines up with qualia. He acknowledges that this is not fatal, as it may be shown that we should accept these laws anyways, but it is a prima facie point against the epiphenomenalist that RM doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t share.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The worry is as follows. If epiphenomenalism is true, qualia have no powers to cause any of our judgments \endash  which are made by our physical cognitive system and which we can express to others by physical means. Accordingly, our judgments concerning qualia \endash  or, in Chalmers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, phenomenal judgments (1996, p. 177) \endash  cannot be responses to (and cannot be explained by) qualia}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Idea}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Replace red neuron bundle with  silica processing device.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But if rods and cones are rgb, then yellow/orange/etc. Need representation.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Jody Azzuni}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Nominalism - there are no numbers, math objects, dont exist in any sense, there are no properties, relations, corporations, - but - certain kinds of nominalists think that if you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re gonna say these things don\u8217\'92t exist, then you can\u8217\'92t say, \u8216\'91they are\u8217\'92. You can\u8217\'92t talk about them. But you can talk about them - there are prime numbers between ten and twenty - and - there are no numbers. There are several prime numbers, but that is not to say that prime numbers exist - contrast move, linguistics - you are now using the word to exist to implicate \u8216\'91really exists\u8217\'92, and you are not using \u8216\'91there is\u8217\'92 that way. THey are being used in a lightweight way. When we want to illustrate what\u8217\'92s real, we use them contrastively. Have a truth value but don\u8217\'92t connect to the world in any way. E.g. Sherlock holmes is smarter than mickey mouse.}
\par\plain {Fictional charachters are more famous than any real people. We compare fictional and non-fictional things all the time. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Frege\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s criterion. Quine\u8217\'92s criterion.}
\par\plain {If you have to say there are blahs, then you are committed to the reality of blahs.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {So quine found himself being a platonist; he was committed to mathematical objects because he took physics seriously. Unfortunately for him as an ontologist. If you take physics seriously you have to take mathematics seriously, you have to take statements \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91there are\u8217\'92 statements seriously - conclusion you are committed to these things. But Azzouni says he\u8217\'92s going to factor out the mathematics, your only committed to the physical objects. THat project for quine is off the table. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Quine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view is popular, it is the go-to view. Azzouni\u8217\'92s answer is two fold, depending on whether quine takes refuge in natural language or going to work in a formalism. If natural language, well natural language just doesn\u8217\'92t work that way. There are as many greek gods as goddesses - perfectly good statement, true, no one is committed. If Quine says never mind natural language, that mess which evolved horribly, lets look at the formalism. The response is that a formalism only commits you to what you stipulate in the formalism. THere is nothing about a little formalistic object, a quantifier or anything else that yells out, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m committing\u8221\'94. That\u8217\'92s true even when you throw more jargon out - you give that formalism an interpretation. A semantic interpretation. It\u8217\'92s not just a formalism, it means something. You have to build into the meaning the committments. They don\u8217\'92t just show up. So there\u8217\'92s no argument here. We don\u8217\'92t have to read any of our languages - natural formal etc - in a way that requires us to commit.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\line You can talk about these things, but committing to them is a separate step. That is liscensed by how natural language actually works. How \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91there is\u8217\'92 actually works and/or it is liscend by the options available when we\u8217\'92re using a formalism. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Why is math so good/reliable? If it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s objectively true but not real, should that worry us?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Yes. Can even make it more forbidding. Say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mathematics, the whole thing, is reliable in the sciences, the whole thing.\u8221\'94 But that\u8217\'92s not the right picture. The right picture is specific branches of mathematics, specific branches of science. And then it becomes much more managable how to tell a story. For example, the vast majority of 20th century math has no application whatsoever. It *may* have application. But there are lots of stories. When it has applications, you don\u8217\'92t want to be too broadly in your picture about this. A lot of it is very specific. You end up telling a very specific story based on underlying physical reality that tells you why that specific mathematics works.  For eample, you draw figures on a chalkboard, and you notice that euclidean geometry more or less works for those figures. If somebody says why does it work, there\u8217\'92s no deep mystery here. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {When you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re dealing with a fundamental physical science, lets say particle physics. Here are the particles and brute facts about them, we notice we can use a certain algebraic formulation to describe them, invented by Hamilton, and somebody says, \u8216\'91why does it work?\u8217\'92 And now you\u8217\'92re at a brute level, we don\u8217\'92t know why it works any more than why particles act the way they do. At a certain point a new theory might emerge which is more fundamental. Say string theory. And string theory will have its own distinctive geometry. And in terms of that we may be able to say, here\u8217\'92s why this works up here at the level of particles. That\u8217\'92s how it always goes.\line \line So its not Math as such that has use, its certain pieces of math, and those pieces of math have use because they\u8217\'92re representing the physical world. We abstract from that for our physical purposes, but that doesn\u8217\'92t mean we need to attribute reality to our abstractions. \line \line We can use a certain branch of maths, and certain terms, and we can have them represent aspects of the physical world. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {What about the existence of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91laws of physics\u8217\'92. Humeans would say, laws of physics are just convenient way of summarising what happens in the world. Anti-humeans, the physical laws have some separate existence, otherwise, why would they keep working? Should we be surprised if every day they do the same if all they are is a summary of the world.\line \line What\u8217\'92s in back of this issue is a certain picture of what it means to explain things. Sometimes we have a real belief, that everything can be explained or should be explainable. We don\u8217\'92t like the idea that sometimes is brute and by that I mean explanatorily brute, \u8220\'93there it is\u8221\'94. There\u8217\'92s nothing that tells me, any kind of argument, that\u8217\'92s going to establish the fact that, if I can write down a certain generalization of how the world works, that there has to be an explanation for why that generalization works. Why? Maybe there is. But if there is, its going to be in terms of something else, that is also going to require explanation. THere\u8217\'92s nothing that tells me that nothing or everything is explainable or self-explainable. Here we\u8217\'92re bordering on theology. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But I would be happier if there was a principled reason why the laws of physics will be just as good tomorrow as today .}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This is a hankering for solving the problem of induction. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Life has been good so far, can\u8217\'92t we get a guarantee here.\u8221\'94\line }
\par\plain {Best arguments in favor of platonism:}
\par\plain {The existence of non-standard models of arithmetic. We know you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t prove that they\u8217\'92re consistent internally. There will be statements that you can formulate that are either unprovable or the system is inconsistent. SOmehow it follows that there are inevitably multiple models from the same set of axioms. One might have thought that all of math was like geometry. YOu have the parrallel postulate, different versions of it, different geometries. You pick different axioms, and what math is about is figuring out what follows from the axioms. But this is wrong. Because when your axioms are powerful enough to include arithmetic, what follows from the axioms is not the whole story because of what follows from these different models.  THen theres this extra leap that comes at the end, therefore, the fact that 1+1=2, needs some extra truth over and above just sticking with some axioms. THat \u8216\'91extra truth\u8217\'92 justifies platonism.\line }
\par\plain {So the picture is, there are more truths that are not being captured by the aximoatic system. So in some sense, syntatic deducibility is transcend by truth. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s more to say that we can\u8217\'92t get access to if the system is consistent, unless we supplement the axioms. So what\u8217\'92s going on here is is incompleteness. An axiom system, arithmetic, is incomplete, which means there are statements P, where you cannot show P or ~P. Not with those axioms. You can show other axioms will dictate P or ~P.  We can introduce a formal notion of truth using Tarski biconditionals to charachterise it, we can now supplement the axiom system in a certain way by inserting that notion into it, and we will get new results that we couldn\u8217\'92t show otherwise. IT\u8217\'92s still incomplete, but its strictly bigger than what we had before.\line }
\par\plain {What does this show? Does this show that there are truths out there that we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have access to? Subject to the interpretation of that truth predicate that we jsut introduced, yes, otherwise no. So my response is, yea, rig it a certain way, interpret that predicate a certain way, and sure, there are truths that you cannot show, otherwise, the only result is, its incomplete. \line \line SO you\u8217\'92re not going to let them go from, \u8216\'91there are truths that you cannot show, therefore abstract entities must exist\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not going to let them go to \u8216\'91there are truths that you cannot show\u8217\'92. I grant only, there are statements neither of which can show there is P or ~P. It\u8217\'92s an additional move to say either one of those is true. At that point you have a substantial notion of a standard model you are bringing to bear, or you are interpreting the predicate that you introduced in a very specific way. That\u8217\'92s how you get truths. Otherwise you don\u8217\'92t get it. SO what I\u8217\'92m cliaming is, yea, there\u8217\'92s still a stipulation going on, thats how you do this. OTherwise its just an axiom system and a bigger axiom system.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CwqaJpByB0"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CwqaJpByB0}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/pdf/2310.16443"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://arxiv.org/pdf/2310.16443}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {. There are two kinds of philosophers: those that have problems and look for solutions for them, and those that have solutions and look for problems to solve them with. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {^^^THis is the problem of induction?? Because we found *here* that it is incomplete, then this addition proves that it also is incomplete. }
\par\plain {\line }
\par\plain {Anti-theodicy - if every possible reality that can ocurr, does occurr, then there is no question of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91why did go do this instead of that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 he epistemological argument is best thought of as a challenge to explain how we humans could acquire knowledge of abstract objects; and it seems that a satisfying response to the argument would have to deliver such an explanation.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Plato\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s idea is that our immaterial souls acquired knowledge of abstract objects before we were born and that mathematical learning is really just a process of coming to remember what we knew before we were born. On G\u246\'F6del\u8217\'92s version of the view, we acquire knowledge of abstract objects in much the same way that we acquire knowledge of concrete physical objects; more specifically, just as we acquire information about physical objects via the faculty of sense perception, so we acquire information about abstract objects by means of a faculty of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 mathematical intuition}{\f0\fs24\b0 .\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, other philosophers have endorsed the idea that we possess a faculty of mathematical intuition, but G\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u246\'F6del\u8217\'92s version of this view\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and he seems to be alone in this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 involves the idea that the mind is non-physical in some sense and that we are capable of forging contact with, and acquiring information from, non-physical mathematical objects.}{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/platonism/notes.html#note-13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3}{\f0\fs24\b0\super ]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~This view has been almost universally rejected. One problem is that denying [B1] doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to help. The idea of an immaterial mind receiving information from an abstract object seems just as mysterious and confused as the idea of a physical brain receiving information from an abstract object.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The early Maddy (1990) pursued this idea in connection with set theory, claiming that sets of physical objects can be taken to exist in spacetime and, hence, that we can perceive them. For instance, on her view, if there are two books on a table, then the set containing these books exists on the table, in the same place that the books exist, and we can see the set and acquire information about it in this way. This view has been subjected to much criticism, including arguments from the later Maddy (1997). Others to attack the view include Lavine (1992), Dieterle and Shapiro (1993), Milne (1994), Riskin (1994), and Carson (1996).}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 sentences like \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mars doesn\u8217\'92t exist at all, but it\u8217\'92s red\u8221\'94 seem contradictory to us (ordinary speakers of English); but}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 thin-truth-ism implies that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not contradictory; and so}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 thin-truth-ism is out of step with ordinary usage.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line \line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\line \line }
\par\plain {\line \line \line \line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\line \line \line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }