{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\b0 <$Scr_H::1>False Face<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 By Ernest Haycox}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Author of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Good Man to Lie For,\u8221\'94 etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a duly \u8217\'92lected sheriff,\u8221\'94 explained Budd. \u8220\'93People wanted you to serve, or they wouldn\u8217\'92t have voted you in. As fer me, I\u8217\'92m a fat, old man, and my fightin\u8217\'92 days are plumb past. Git yoreself some young and spry feller that likes to ride saddle all night long, or live on a slice o\u8217\'92 bacon four days runnin\u8217\'92. Me, I got to have more comfort in my old age, Bart.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~There was a gay burst of laughter and a man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s short speech. The couple came in the door. The girl, foremost, stopped short at sight of Bill, looked at him and through him; her smile disappeared and a color came to her cheeks. Bill drew a deep draft of smoke and spoke to Budd as if continuing the conversation.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What kind of a man was this wooden-faced Sam, anyway? No, not wooden-faced, corrected Budd\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 poker-faced was the better term. It was not the ordinary thing for a man to value his emotions and expressions so highly that he turned himself into a sphinx. You never could tell about those fellows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whether they wanted to give you a present or sink a slug of lead into you. Budd stirred his coffee and chuckled. Now, Bill was a fellow that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t made to conceal much of anything. He had a fighting face and, to judge from his last speech with Sam, he had a fighting heart. Certainly, he was badly taken with the girl, and she hadn\u8217\'92t found him so distasteful until the last day or two, at which period Sam had ridden into the scene. No, Bill had seemed to be the favored one until a quarrel blew up. What it was Budd didn\u8217\'92t know\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or care. He had seen many such spring up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and die away.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Budd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s manner of slumber was an inheritance from early range days. No matter how exhausted, he had trained himself to wake at the least untoward sound. So it was that an unusual commotion out among the wagons around midnight brought him up instantly. A moment later he was diving into his clothes upon hearing the repeated bark of a revolver. A man\u8217\'92s voice lashed out in the night, calling down all the wrath of heaven. A dog began to howl dismally and a woman screamed. Budd, forging to the porch, saw the glimmer of a newly lighted lantern and heard the mumble of a gathering crowd. He walked over to the scene where a dozen sleepy men had gathered. The lantern, held high, revealed an irate and whiskered citizen waving a gun and shouting:}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Budd had done the trussing cleverly enough to allow the prisoner a certain comfort on his hard bed}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain }