{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram then regaled Mandri with the story of his own life, and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d tell it in a way so as to suggest that accumulating wealth was a difficult thing that required the most severe focus and rigid discipline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First, inherit four ounces of silver. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next, loan it out and collect interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, enjoy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram included a bunch of unnecessary steps in between, and he made it all sound more noble than it was, but who cares. The only thing truly presumptuous about his telling was his conclusion, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No debasement necessary.\u8221\'94 The man made people into slaves when they couldn\u8217\'92t pay.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram needed this explained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sun moves, so these shadows will move\u8230\'85all these leafy shadows are going to be a whole other thing to worry about. It\u8217\'92s easier to learn one thing at a time. It\u8217\'92ll be easier if we keep to simple, clean light, that way there\u8217\'92s no shadow shapes drifting across the face while you\u8217\'92re trying to figure out which eye goes where.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . But oh, her eyes. Impossible not to flirt with those sparkling brown eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}