{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then he noticed one thin, shimmering strand of purpose extend from out of Elarhet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark and shoot straight up into the sky. He followed its path and saw it touch a vulture which wheeled overhead. Elrahet had more threads connecting to her than there were living things around them. She was a locus for this web of purpose. Some threads dug into the sand, to lizards or snakes or fleas. Some spread out into the horizon to peoples and creatures unknown. One thread was of particular interest, for it ended in a rock some fifty yards away\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a natural, red, sway-backed block of sandstone. The sand was littered with similar slumpy boulders, but only one drew a thread of purpose into its core, and it was a bright thread, a Sparked thread, as bright as any connecting to the Ayramun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked behind and saw that his Spark was connected to Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and hers and his were connected to Elrahet\u8217\'92s, and everyone\u8217\'92s was connected to everyone else\u8217\'92s, each as bright as every other, save for Elrahet\u8217\'92s, whose Spark outshone them all. Indeed, her Spark nearly outshone the sun which rose into the sky behind her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 More than anyone else Elrahet was enmeshed in a beautiful, complex web of thread, and these fibers, every one, were hereby joined in Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye, for his sight was the spindle that bound them together into a yarn which wound around his mind and back out through his iris and into the world, a wire spun tight and then unraveled, a continuous threading and rethreading of purpose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 o heed, for he was stunned by the sight of Obo, whose pseudospark glowed dim in his distended stomach. A thread connected Mandri to Obo, and it was thick, the thickness of a finger, and it was brighter than any other in sight. A white light throbbed through it, sourced from Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark, and where it merged through Obo\u8217\'92s pseudospark, that white exploded into a web of shifting color which pulsed in waves through all of Obo\u8217\'92s skin, revealing contours of his scrawny, severed self underneath his robes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri doubted it. Obo was too attuned to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s moods for it to be mere coincidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch is\u8230\'85she\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85do you know what I saw?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mentioned it only briefly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw white threads. Like spider threads, only they shimmered with brilliant color.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said the witch could see them too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She could see them and cut them. Each time she did, I changed. I can\u8217\'92t explain it, but\u8230\'85 I think she was changing the future.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t that what we\u8217\'92re all trying to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, but I mean, she could }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 see}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the future, and change it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think we should ask the Ayramun about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!? No. Absolutely not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, something is going on which is clearly much deeper than what is going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but that doesn\u8217\'92t mean we have to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah would often speak of the Desert Mothers. She talked for hands about Aseedia\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the state of not caring or not being concerned with one's position or condition in the world. Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe they\u8217\'92d invented a word for it. Who feels like that and thinks to make a word for it? Just die and let everyone else go on with their lives.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t believe him,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you should,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? No desert custom is going to stop people from looking out for themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever heard of the Tukli?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Tukli used to live just south of Cask. They had strange ways of worshiping Solraheen, so to incorporate them into the Hrkan world the Lords had to reform their religion. The plan was to do it piecemeal, over generations, so as not to cause a stir\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t start with the religion itself, start with some of their customs to soften them up. The first thing we did is we told them to write Solraheen with one \u8216\'91h\u8217\'92 instead of two.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess what they did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They didn\u8217\'92t want to do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They built warehouses out of resin-rich timber, locked themselves inside, and then burnt it all down. An entire tribe of ten-thousand people killed themselves in one night. They killed themselves and their children over a single L. If you ever make it to Jeket\u8217\'92s library, you should look for a book on the histories of the Old Believers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should. The customs of Outland tribes are tickling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet had been sitting silently by herself, brooding as she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been want to do since they\u8217\'92d entered the Tib. The next words she spoke were her first in several days. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the Mazid that killed the Tukli?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you not listening?\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93They killed themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet turned her back and that was that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked Moteah how Ayram knew where they were relative to the Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He remembers it,\u8221\'94 she said, as if that were a perfectly adequate explanation. Mandri knew that Ayram couldn\u8217\'92t have dead-reckoned it all the way from that little desert temple. The featureless Tib would have made that impossible, and the arc of the sun was more of a guideline than a precise measure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He considered asking the giant himself, but decided not to, and good thing too, because the next person who spoke drew Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She had to poop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that made me eat those flies!\u8221\'94 she whined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine!\u8221\'94 Ayram exclaimed as he thrust his great pack into the dirt. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll make a short camp here. Be quick and quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quiet, can tell ya that. Ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quick, either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb scurried off towards the mountains and disappeared amongst the shadows of rocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dumped his pack onto the ground, then went to Moteah to ask for some twigs to make a fire to calm the oncoming chill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No fires,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93We have to be quiet, and we have to pass unseen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t know, there\u8217\'92s two kinds of tribes here in the Goree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those who want to kill you, and those who want to steal everything you carry. Either way, you end up dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t they have seen us coming from miles away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t watch the Tib, there\u8217\'92s no reason for it. We probably slipped through and if we have, we don\u8217\'92t want to spoil it with a fire, do we?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, how close are we to the Pass?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be upon it by morning,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the light of day?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you just said that everyone wants to kill us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Goree pass is protected by outland custom, so long as you pass in the day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who enforces that custom?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Custom does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri laughed, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our customs may mean nothing to you, but they preserved our peoples for thousands of years despite every attempt to eradicate us. Every tribesman knows that if they violate the truce of the Goree Pass, then they are dead, and every Hrkan knows it too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, with ebullient eyes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t laugh because I doubted you. I laughed because I believed you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s enough,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, and that was that. They took up shelter behind a jumble of boulders which blocked the western wind. Ayram shared stern words with Seb when she returned from her fecal excursion. All except the giant lay down to rest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}