{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Separate the art from the artist - nonsense. Go to the caves in lasqeuax, and if you ignore the artist. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just graffiti. The whole weight comes from the person who did it!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The signature is a mark of self-doubt. The artist worries they haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t put enough of themselves into the work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 paronomastic compound - messlessness}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are a fool.  A fool is osmeone with brown hair. If you take fool to mean something else entirely, and suppose that is you, that is on you, and is beyond my control.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 war kindler}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 you ever wonder why torch beams don't bounce off eachother.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dead gods, the ones he had helped murder, mouths afire as they feasted on innumberable suns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 a great cataract on the eye of the universe. a blood clot in the timestream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 insectile}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 balance a staff on point}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 all conflict in all the world can be boild down to a refusal to agree upon definitions. Definitions which are arbitrary. Constructed out of nothingness. Fundamental is the self. More broadly, there is the tribe, the nation, the empire. Order imposed by borders. Someone else draws different borders, and so does another, and another, and you begin to call it chaos. You can't have it. Refusal to self-scout and admit that even your own borders are false. Refusal to admit that, just as you have drawn them slightly differently than others, so too with they drwa them differently to you. I have seen many a rich man, wanting to reshape the world to fit into a boundary lack the foresight to realize that such an effort is doomed before it even began. Whatever progress he imagines will be erased the moment another begins to bend the boundaries he has constructed. And they will call this corruption, but it is the natural way of things. And if it is the natural way, they say that nature itself is corrupted. The cannot imagine that they have fundamentally misunderstood the way in which things are.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m more concerned with black holes than white fountains right now}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Black holes are low hanging fruit. Any model that can't demonstrate or derive White Fountain is incomplete, and I'm being polite. It's actually junk and not worth considering.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is purpose laid down in the bones, or is it something you make for yourself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A word is a cup which you dip into a flowing river. Once the water is extracted, it is stilled. And people mistake it for having captured something of the river.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Philosophy is a joke. Data is what you sink your teeth into. Philosophers don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to understand that there is a difference between the sensation of understanding and actual understanding. They build these strutctures that allow them to dip into that sensation at their leisure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ever since the discovery of how organizing words in a certain way can trigger the sensation of understanding.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ipad hands}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Normal - art - words that mean nothing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 reddit factory farmed faith}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -fear isnt useful}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -honey thats sweet of you to say, but dont ever say it again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why do you remember the past but not the future?}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0b8b_ykPQk"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0b8b_ykPQk}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it yet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CCC- fermi- signals in the grav waves from previous aeon. Idea life is very rare, you see it late in the game. Come together to send a message futrue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKB4yMJPFRM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Idea for Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scribe tradtion who are constantly rewritting her notes and prophecies, maintaining them in the library of pell. Because she\u8217\'92s lived so long that the documents fall apart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 idea for a bone cult; inedible parts are inedible because they are reserved for the gods. The more inedible, the more the gods want them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Pocket universes nucleate\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah seeks out Seculla to have a purer vessel to do battle against Mandri.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t listen to those solitants. Their answers. Their stated beliefs. Spirituality is about the journey. What you believe, what is true, these are destinations. If you want the destination so bad, then kill yourself. You\u8217\'92ll find truth there, whatever it is. Life, living, this is about the journey.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Love as boundary attraction or boundary negation. Hate as boundary attraction. Love as desire to destroy a boundary, Hate as a desire to build one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I will defecate here}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I trust you have prepared accomodation?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And the necessary accoutrements?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What are you saying? IT\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a french word, accoutremaw}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 guy who says, i intend to defecate in your building, i hope that is satisfactory, that you've provided accomodations for the inevitabal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I want to be forthcoming. I have no untoward intentions towards your building. But i will have to poop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why do you do this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because i can learn a significant amount about who I am dealing with. Those trapped in structures, and those who accept reality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xh9wRZqtAsI}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ~13 mins - stressed,sqeezed wood from incision will soak up ink and swell, causing a once-thin line to expand and become thick. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s why you have knife with once side flat, one side beveled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a swordsmen with one side flat, one side beveled because of the way the cut draws blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A land of unfinished works because finished works dont pay. - italy mafia}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ladies in my small group advised me to start hitting my year old son when he didn't want to go in his car seat because "his heart was in rebellion against Jesus and I needed to break his will." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The families we knew used jumbo glue sticks to hit their kids since the sticks had some slack to them and hurt more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wrote a letter to the Sunday school teacher questioning biblical spanking and was told not to question the leaders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When a woman who was in an emotionally unhealthy and abusive relationship went to the pastor for help, he told her to stay because she didn't have grounds for divorce and then when she left him they turned their back on her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When I needed help for a friend, I was told to speak with the church "biblical counselor" who was different than a run of the mill Christian counselor. Christian counselors believed in psychology whereas our counselor didn't. He told me the 5 steps of grief were man-made and if we were angry at God there was a major problem with our hearts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We had to be baptized by immersion only.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Constant focus on the kids ugly hearts and getting to the "heart issues"...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inquisition stopped because the heretics ran out of money to take.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the Lordship because they laid claim to all the world, even the uninhabited parts. THe uninhabited is especially important to claim.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mystical cloud of unkowning = dissolution of all boundaries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can make a friend with a dog and yet this other tribe is too far degraded to be human???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tesla sells something much more valuable than cars - lies. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Lies are more valuable than gold. With a good enough lie, you can purchase anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How can it be that amongst these many millions of people, that only a few ever achieve anything? Sleepy, half-dead lives, all of them. The truth is that path of least resistance. Sudden jerk comes for them. But its never enough. What a mind comes to be shaped and never see that resistance as a problem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you categorize it, then you can ignore it - shelve it. Grievance politics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Journey to the center of time}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92ll excuse my ignorance\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s alright with you, it\u8217\'92s alright with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He does not speak during the plenary because Having to fight your own battles is a sign of weakness.You do not control enough people to have them lay down their lives for you?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fade - always contradicts your argument, even if it contradicts his central disagreement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two possible spiritual realities - embrace the world or reject it. Petition god for changes does neither of these things. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  JEsus figure with disciples. Disciple opens with prayer, petition, jesus interruprts, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 Goes into spiel. Onlooker comes away impressed, but then learns that the whole thing was staged - this spiritual learning from a charlatan? Interesting figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Either abolish all language, or make as much of it as we can.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dont let weeds grow in the rose garden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 intro racist pruning weeds, then pruning a rose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Justice? Justice is when a third party gets involved. Otherwise, all there is, is revenge. delegate revenge}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gladiator - everything everyone does is to seek approval. This is the pinnacle. You can achieve more than the lords. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re young, the world is tight. There\u8217\'92s a narrative to it. When you get older it all starts to unravel. And it will seem like the world is unraveling, but that\u8217\'92s not the case. It\u8217\'92s your narrative. The story you told yourself. And then everything will begin to lose its meaning. It\u8217\'92s not worth it to try so hard. It\u8217\'92s not so clear that you\u8217\'92ll enjoy success. So my advice would be don\u8217\'92t think about that, but I know it\u8217\'92ll fall on deaf ears. I\u8217\'92d say enjoy the process, but that\u8217\'92s impossible at your age. Might as well tell you to not look inside the black box. You have to - you\u8217\'92re curious. And people will love you. You will a story which makes sense. People are desparate for a good story. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t listen to him. He\u8217\'92s a washout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any given question is just a rhetorical rearrangement of a collection of propositions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Main character in next book - solitant priestess who attends MC\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s husband to \u8216\'91prove\u8217\'92 that he is unhealthy. \tab Two witches shouting over eachother - the one who can speak the word can win - combat over definitions - lotr galadriel vs sauron. Conversation of purest will.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 with my knowledge of the borg}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shelby, you have opinions on the borg.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Japanese bow- must have 4 twists in the wrapping, odd number. Etc. The rules defining the form. Conservatism. Language. BUT IT COULD BE ANYTHING> ITS ARBITRARY!!!!!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 If it does not have X, it is not a real bow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Absolutely nothing wrong with that. But when you pay a premium for a rare mutation of silver sable to be called a street dog just nice to throw it in his face }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m nearly certain that\u8217\'92s a black and silver, not a sable. Time (and undercoat) will tell. Saddle-backed GSDs get lighter as they go from puppy to adult, as your other dog probably did. Sables get darker for their first couple of years. Additionally, sable\u8217\'92s undercoat is beige or in this case silver, so if you push the guard hair back, you\u8217\'92ll see pale \u8220\'93roots\u8221\'94 from the undercoat. I\u8217\'92ll try to get a photo of our girl to demonstrate. Pale saddlebacks will sable over their shoulder blades. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, the knowledge behind it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wrong in the sense that a your boy is out of standard. So despite being a pure bred, he isn\u8217\'92t considered well-bred. A breed\u8217\'92s breed standard encompasses the skeletal structure, coat coloring and temperament desired for that breed. It is gives a measuring stick for breed so that dog lovers and breeders can know what a GSD is vs a border collie vs a Labrador, etc. When you get a GSD, you expect it to act and look like a GSD right? Otherwise you wouldn\u8217\'92t have gotten one. Thats why we have a standard. Without it the breed would slowly but surely begin looking like another dog entirely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that said: For GSD enthusiasts who are trying to preserve the breed (which may or may not be the other breeder) it is incredibly frustrating to see proof that other so-called breeders are producing dogs directly against the breed standard. A silver dog is considered washed out and the standard calls for rich pigment. If the breeder is flouting coat colors, what else are they flouting in the name of selling dogs?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m telling you this not to defend the breeder who called your dog a street dog. That\u8217\'92s outright rude, unprofessional and unnecessary. I also don\u8217\'92t say this as anything against your boy. An out of standard GSD just means they are out of standard. It doesn\u8217\'92t mean he is any less awesome of a dog, just perhaps not one that should be bred. I\u8217\'92m more so letting you know for educational purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I never said it was a disqualification, nor did I state that this dog was from a poor breeder. I did say it is out of standard and a fault is still out of standard. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not gate keeping to say a dog carries a fault. It\u8217\'92s just upholding the standard. Unless you want your shepherds to start looking and acting like any other breed, you have to keep your standard from slipping one way or another. It\u8217\'92s like slowly heating water so the frog doesn\u8217\'92t realize it\u8217\'92s dying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have two GSDs who both have faults that shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be passed on. I adore both of them and one was from a solid breeder, one wasn\u8217\'92t. They aren\u8217\'92t breeding worthy and no one is in the wrong for stating this. It\u8217\'92s not an insult, it\u8217\'92s a fact. They are lovely in their own right but they still aren\u8217\'92t up to par with the standard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I also have the genealogy back 5 generations to pure GSD from west German working lines }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And my female has exactly the same. She still isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t well-bred, she still has faults that shouldn\u8217\'92t be passed on. I love my girl and she\u8217\'92s phenomenal in so many ways, but she still isn\u8217\'92t a breeding worthy dog. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri - I am the difference between you and me. Between me and everything else. To kill anything, is self destruction. But I disagree. Its self-sculpting. If the difference is between us, then I can shape it by killing.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In response to someone sassing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I feel like that comment wasnt the best expression of who you are as a person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But youre saassy }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Indeed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri has Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Goes down to shis for answers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Past doors. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meets lobster person}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where are the torture racks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do you thing shis means? It means storage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s books.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hooper disgusted at the dude when he crossed him over -same thing in a duel. The disresepct to actually take the time to frown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A place called: Cripplegate}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PYELTE leaves the lordship because of Mandram. You grow up, thinking the the world is structured. That there are rules. But it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s naked power in the end. I don\u8217\'92t believe in it anymore.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Neolib on thiel-I dont want to just outlive him. i want to visit him on his death bed and remind him that we all turn to dust, and that despite all his ambitions he will never be old enough to see them. Despite how genius of a guy he thinks he is, all that's left for him is an eternity of nothingness at best, and an eternity of hell at worst. I want him to know that his entire life project was nothing but a waste of his life, and the only thing he will experience for the short time he has left is me staring at him }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not nearly as much glory in war as there is in talking about going to war.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not nearly as much glory in war as there is in talking about going to war.\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GLADIATOR TEACHER -}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Upset when people say if god wills it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Agency is a divine gift. The only one. God gave you agency to use it, not to give it back. How dare you return a gift He gave you. Is it not good enough for you? Did you want something else? Did you not get your money\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Guy falls into gladiator school. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gets selected for body guard duty. But is selected because he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s new and expected to fail against assassination attempt. Schoolmaster feels bad and warns him ahead of time. Gives him special tips. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - the guard duty is for the senator lady. Political schemes rail against her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In an earlier answer to a similar question, which\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/u/Ecstatic_Pipe22"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 u/Ecstatic_Pipe22\~}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~linked in his comment, I pointed out that military slaves (along with many other non-military people classified as the slaves of the Ottoman sultan) enjoyed a certain prestige in Ottoman society. Slave status was not necessarily degrading in and of itself. If one was the slave of a powerful person, then the enslaved person could enjoy some prestige from that connection, especially if their function within the powerful person's household brought them into close personal contact with their master. The upper crust of the Ottoman military elite all tried to portray themselves as the sultan's slaves, even if they were actually free, because doing so was a way of emphasizing their closeness to the all-powerful ruler. Prestigious as it was to be a powerful governor, it was even more so to be a governor who could claim to have once personally dressed the sultan in his robes, or held his stirrup, or carried his sword. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~By dint of saying that the College needed \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93new blood\u8221\'94 and must be shaken out of its \u8220\'93academic grooves,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}