{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 System}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -components}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -states}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -rules governing the transition between states}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tendency to think in terms of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91all possible states\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But what kind of rules would allow for states outside of all possible states.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rules which change}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 System of rules}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Components are rules}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 State of rulestate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Governed by higher order state of rules}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In which case There is a nested system and it functions basically the same as a normal system}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BUt}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  If the rules that change do not change according to other sets of rules, we do have something different}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What does that even mean or look like?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {The best way I know to respond to this question, is to borrow a section from my book, The Forest and the Trees: If sociology could teach everyone just one thing with the most profound effect on how we understand social life, it would, I believe, be this: We are always participating in something larger than ourselves, and if we want to understand social life and what happens to people in it, we have to understand what it is that we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re participating in and how we participate in it. In other words, the key to understanding social life is neither just the forest nor just the trees. It\u8217\'92s the forest and the trees and how they\u8217\'92re related to one another. Sociology is the study of how all this happens and the consequences that result from it. The \u8220\'93larger\u8221\'94 things we participate in are called social systems, and they come in all shapes and sizes. In general, the concept of a system refers to any collection of parts or elements that are connected in ways that cohere into some kind of whole. We can think of the engine in a car as a system, for example, a collection of parts arranged in ways that make the car \u8220\'93go.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {BUT THERE IS NO WHOLE}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The whole is constantly being redefined}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Closed system}
\par\plain {Formal system}
\par\plain {Complex system}
\par\plain {Complex adaptive system - one composed of agents}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Is it possible to understand something without constructing a model of it as a system.}
\par\plain {What other types of models are there?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 It's not that easy!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The powers that be make "love marriage" as hard as possible.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 You have to declare the intent to marry at the Marriage Registration Office one month before: ample time for someone to interfere. Religious extremists who think men from other religions\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 steal their women}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~constantly check these lists at the office.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 If you are inter religious couple one of you could be implicated with the crime of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-conversion_law#India"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 forced religions conversion}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Again if you are inter religious you have to marry under "Special Marriage Act" meaning your family can deny your inheritance.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Inter caste marriage is yet another hurdle which could still entail honor killings and even rape.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 All this is a careful but insidious maze to preserve endogamy. Keep the bloodline pure. Lock in the wealth and power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Excellent article the gives a view of "how it is" in India right now:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://27m3p2uv7igmj6kvd4ql3cct5h3sdwrsajovkkndeufumzyfhlfev4qd.onion/2021/07/03/love-jihad-law-india/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Hindu Vigilantes Work With Police to Enforce \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Love Jihad\u8221\'94 Law in North India}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}