{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch \f2\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Are We Good Enough?}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 One of the commonest objections to Communism is that men are not good enough to live under a Communist state of things. They would not submit to a compulsory Communism, but they are not yet ripe for free, Anarchistic Communism. Centuries of individualistic education have rendered them too egotistic. Slavery, submission to the strong, and work under the whip of necessity, have rendered them unfit for a society where everybody would be free and know no compulsion except what results from a freely taken engagement towards the others, and their disapproval if he would not fulfill the engagement. Therefore, we are told, some intermediate transition state of society is necessary as a step towards Communism.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 Old words in a new shape; words said and repeated since the first attempt at any reform, political or social, in any human society. Words which we heard before the abolition of slavery; words said twenty and forty centuries ago by those who like too much their own quietness for liking rapid changes, whom boldness of thought frightens, and who themselves have not suffered enough from the iniquities of the present society to feel the deep necessity of new issues!}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 Men are not good enough for Communism, but are they good enough for Capitalism? If all men were good-hearted, kind, and just, they would never exploit one another, although possessing the means of doing so. With such men the private ownership of capital would be no danger. The capitalist would hasten to share his profits with the workers, and the best-remunerated workers with those suffering from occasional causes. If men were provident they would not produce velvet and articles of luxury while food is wanted in cottages: they would not build palaces as long as there are slums.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 If men had a deeply developed feeling of equity they would not oppress other men. Politicians would not cheat their electors; Parliament would not be a chattering and cheating box, and Charles Warren\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s policemen would refuse to bludgeon the Trafalgar Square talkers and listeners. And if men were gallant, self-respecting, and less egotistic, even a bad capitalist would not be a danger; the workers would have soon reduced him to the role of a simple comrade-manager. Even a King would not be dangerous, because the people would merely consider him as a fellow unable to do better work, and therefore entrusted with signing some stupid papers sent out to other cranks calling themselves Kings.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 But men are not those free-minded, independent, provident, loving, and compassionate fellows which we should like to see them. And precisely, therefore, they must not continue living under the present system which permits them to oppress and exploit one another. Take, for instance, those misery-stricken tailors who paraded last Sunday in the streets, and suppose that one of them has inherited a hundred pounds from an American uncle. With these hundred pounds he surely will not start a productive association for a dozen of like misery-stricken tailors, and try to improve their condition. He will become a sweater. And, therefore, we say that in a society where men are so bad as this American heir, it is very hard for him to have misery-stricken tailors around him. As soon as he can he will sweat them; while if these same tailors had a secured living from the Communist stores, none of them would sweat to enrich their ex-comrade, and the young sweater would himself not become the very bad beast he surely will become if he continues to be a sweater.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 We are told we are too slavish, too snobbish, to be placed under free institutions; but we say that because we are indeed so slavish we ought not to remain any longer under the present institutions, which favour the development of slavishness. We see that Britons, French, and Americans display the most disgusting slavishness towards Gladstone, Boulanger, or Gould. And we conclude that in a humanity already endowed with such slavish instincts it is very bad to have the masses forcibly deprived of higher education, and compelled to live under the present inequality of wealth, education, and knowledge. Higher instruction and equality of conditions would be the only means for destroying the inherited slavish instincts, and we cannot understand how slavish instincts can be made an argument for maintaining, even for one day longer, inequality of conditions; for refusing equality of instruction to all members of the community.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 Our space is limited, but submit to the same analysis any of the aspects of our social life, and you will see that the present capitalist, authoritarian system is absolutely inappropriate to a society of men so improvident, so rapacious, so egotistic, and so slavish as they are now. Therefore, when we hear men saying that the Anarchists imagine men much better than they really are, we merely wonder how intelligent people can repeat that nonsense. Do we not say continually that the only means of rendering men less rapacious and egotistic, less ambitious and less slavish at the same time, is to eliminate those conditions which favour the growth of egotism and rapacity, of slavishness and ambition? The only difference between us and those who make the above objection is this: We do not, like them, exaggerate the inferior instincts of the masses, and do not complacently shut our eyes to the same bad instincts in the upper classes. We maintain that\~}{\f3\fs18\b0\i1 both}{\f2\fs18\b0\i0 \~rulers and ruled are spoiled by authority;\~}{\f3\fs18\b0\i1 both}{\f2\fs18\b0\i0 \~exploiters and exploited are spoiled by exploitation; while our opponents seem to admit that there is a kind of salt of the earth \endash  the rulers, the employers, the leaders \endash  who, happily enough, prevent those bad men \endash  the ruled, the exploited, the led \endash  from becoming still worse than they are.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 There is the difference, and a very important one.\~}{\f3\fs18\b0\i1 We}{\f2\fs18\b0\i0 \~admit the imperfections of human nature, but we make no exception for the rulers.\~}{\f3\fs18\b0\i1 They}{\f2\fs18\b0\i0 \~make it, although sometimes unconsciously, and because we make no such exception, they say that we are dreamers, \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91unpractical men\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 An old quarrel, that quarrel between the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91practical men\u8217\'92 and the \u8216\'91unpractical\u8217\'92, the so-called Utopists: a quarrel renewed at each proposed change, and always terminating by the total defeat of those who name themselves practical people.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 Many of us must remember the quarrel when it raged in America before the abolition of slavery. When the full emancipation of the Negroes was advocated, the practical people used to say that if the Negroes were no more compelled to labour by the whips of their owners, they would not work at all, and soon would become a charge upon the community. Thick whips could be prohibited, they said, and the thickness of the whips might be progressively reduced by law to half-an-inch first and then to a mere trifle of a few tenths of an inch; but some kind of whip must be maintained. And when the abolitionists said \endash  just as we say now \endash  that the enjoyment of the produce of one\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s labour would be a much more powerful inducement to work than the thickest whip, \u8216\'91Nonsense, my friend,\u8217\'92 they were told \endash  just as we are told now. \u8216\'91You don\u8217\'92t know human nature! Years of slavery have rendered them improvident, lazy and slavish, and human nature cannot be changed in one day. You are imbued, of course, with the best intentions, but you are quite \u8221\'94unpractical\u8221\'94.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 Well, for some time the practical men had their own way in elaborating schemes for the gradual emancipation of Negroes. But, alas!, the schemes proved quite unpractical, and the civil war \endash  the bloodiest on record \endash  broke out. But the war resulted in the abolition of slavery, without any transition period; \endash  and see, none of the terrible consequences foreseen by the practical people followed. The Negroes work, they are industrious and laborious, they are provident \endash  nay, too provident, indeed \endash  and the only regret that can be expressed is, that the scheme advocated by the left wing of the unpractical camp \endash  full equality and land allotments \endash  was not realised: it would have saved much trouble now.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 About the same time a like quarrel raged in Russia, and its cause was this. There were in Russia 20 million serfs. For generations past they had been under the rule, or rather the birch-rod, of their owners. They were flogged for tilling their soil badly, flogged for want of cleanliness in their households, flogged for imperfect weaving of their cloth, flogged for not sooner marrying their boys and girls \endash  flogged for everything. Slavishness, improvidence, were their reputed characteristics.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 Now came the Utopists and asked nothing short of the following: Complete liberation of the serfs; immediate abolition of any obligation of the serf towards the lord. More than that: immediate abolition of the lord\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s jurisdiction and his abandonment of all the affairs upon which he formerly judged, to peasants\u8217\'92 tribunals elected by the peasants and judging, not in accordance with law which they do not know, but with their unwritten customs. Such was the unpractical scheme of the unpractical camp. It was treated as a mere folly by practical people.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 But happily enough there was by that time in Russia a good deal of unpracticalness in the air, and it was maintained by the unpracticalness of the peasants, who revolted with sticks against guns, and refused to submit, notwithstanding the massacres, and thus enforced the unpractical state of mind to such a degree as to permit the unpractical camp to force the Tsar to sign their scheme \endash  still mutilated to some extent. The most practical people hastened to flee away from Russia, that they might not have their throats cut a few days after the promulgation of that unpractical scheme.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 But everything went on quite smoothly, notwithstanding the many blunders still committed by practical people. These slaves who were reputed improvident, selfish brutes, and so on, displayed such good sense, such an organising capacity as to surpass the expectations of even the most unpractical Utopists; and in three years after the Emancipation the general physiognomy of the villages had completely changed. The slaves were becoming Men!}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 The Utopists won the battle. They proved that\~}{\f3\fs18\b0\i1 they}{\f2\fs18\b0\i0 \~were the really practical people, and that those who pretended to be practical were imbeciles. And the only regret expressed now by all who know the Russian peasantry is, that too many concessions were made to those practical imbeciles and narrow-minded egotists: that the advice of the left wing of the unpractical camp was not followed in full.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 We cannot give more examples. But we earnestly invite those who like to reason for themselves to study the history of any of the great social changes which have occurred in humanity from the rise of the Communes to the Reform and to our modern times. They will see that history is nothing but a struggle between the rulers and the ruled, the oppressors and the oppressed, in which struggle the practical camp always sides with the rulers and the oppressors, while the unpractical camp sides with the oppressed; and they will see that the struggle always ends in a final defeat of the practical camp after much bloodshed and suffering, due to what they call their \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91practical good sense\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 If by saying that we are unpractical our opponents mean that we foresee the march of events better than the practical short-sighted cowards, then they are right. But if they mean that they, the practical people, have a better foresight of events, then we send them to history and ask them to put themselves in accordance with its teachings before making that presumptuous assertion.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 \~}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 I don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t buy the argument \u8220\'93communism has been tried\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs18\b0\i0 Romans/Greeks - \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93democracy has been tried, look at where that ended up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs18\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Under the influence of government worship, they may try to nominate a new government, instead of the old one which will be sent away, and they may entrust it with the solution of all difficulties. It is so simple, so easy, to throw a vote into the ballot-box, and to return home! So gratifying to know that there is somebody who will arrange your own affairs for the best, while you are quietly smoking your pipe and waiting for orders which you will have only to execute, not to reason about. An admirable way, indeed, to have your affairs left as they were before, even if you are not cheated by your trustees!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 History is full of such examples. The revolted people of Paris in 1871 also nominated a government, and hoped that this government \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8213\'2D which consisted, in fact, of the most devoted revolutionists belonging to all sections of the revolutionary world, all men ready to die for the emancipation of the people \u8213\'2D would settle everything for the best.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They did the same thing at Paris in 1848, when they chose a Provisional Government by acclamation, and expected that this Government \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8213\'2D which also consisted of honest men \u8213\'2D would resolve the social question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But we know how dreadful was the awakening of the Paris proletarians, and we know by what hecatombs of slaughtered men, women, and children they paid for their confidence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 These peasants also voted in 1789, and nominated a government. But as they saw that this government did not respond to their expectations, they revolted; in fact, they did so even before they saw their government at work. They went to the landlords and compelled them to abdicate their rights. They burned the charters where these rights were written down; they burned some of the castles of the most hated nobles. And, on the night of the 4}{\f0\fs24\b0\super th}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of August, the nobility of France, moved by high patriotic feelings (so the historians say), which feelings were excited by the spectacle of burning castles, abdicated their rights for ever.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nations were moved to war and thousands were massacred to revenge a personal offense, -or to satisfy the ambition of an omnipotent ruler. But, manners have changed now. The omnipotent despots are disappearing, and even the autocrats are mere toys in the hands of their camarillas which camarillas however personal their aims, still submit to some influence of the opinions prevailing among the ruling classes. Wars are no longer due to personal caprices, and still they are as, numerous as, and much more cruel than, they formerly were. The Republican faith which said, Suppress personal power, and you will have no wars,' proved to be false. Thus, for instance, in the pending Conflict between England and Russia no personal causes are at work. The Russian Czar entertains personally quite friendly relations with English rulers, and surely he dreads war much more than any of his soldiers who would he massacred on the battle-fields. As to the English Premier, it is a secret to nobody that be tenderly, much too tenderly, looks on the 'Czar of All the Russias,' and still both countries are ready to fight. Not, that the eighty millions of our peasants sing very warlike songs just now, as they are asking themselves how they will manage to keep body and Sold together until the next harvest, the last handful of flour already having been swept tip and eaten, together with dust and straw. Not that the English miners or weavers, who also ask themselves how to go through the industrial crisis, are inspired with much hatred towards the famine-struck Russian peasants. But it is so: gunpowder smells in the air, and a few weeks ago we were so near fighting that if we escape from war, it surely will be. a very narrow escape. The reason is very plain. Wars are no more fought, for personal reasons, still less are they occasioned by national idiosyncrasies: they are fought for markets}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~calumniators}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Where are the examples of true beauty? A fetish to a dark god. Fetish to a bright one.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Ai solution to the trolley problem - take genetic code,}
\par\plain {Ah, so you pick the fittest? Fuck your Cold metal logic.}
\par\plain {No. I pick for similarity. Individual with the most shared code between the group.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~the second broods of the birds in the prairies}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Paucity of life, under-population \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  not over-population \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  being the distinctive feature of that immense part of the globe which we name Northern Asia, I conceived since then serious doubts \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  which subsequent study has only confirmed \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  as to the reality of that fearful competition for food and life within each species, which was an article of faith with most Darwinists, and, consequently, as to the dominant part which this sort of competition was supposed to play in the evolution of new species.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Consequently, when my attention was drawn, later on, to the relations between Darwinism and Sociology, I could agree with none of the works and pamphlets that had been written upon this important subject. They all endeavoured to prove that Man, owing to his higher intelligence and knowledge, may mitigate the harshness of the struggle for life between men; but they all recognized at the same time that the struggle for the means of existence, of every animal against all its congeners, and of every man against all other men, was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a law of Nature.\u8221\'94 This view, however, I could not accept, because I was persuaded that to admit a pitiless inner war for life within each species, and to see in that war a condition of progress, was to admit something which not only had not yet been proved, but also lacked confirmation from direct observation.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 On the contrary, a lecture \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On the Law of Mutual Aid,\u8221\'94 which was delivered at a Russian Congress of Naturalists, in January 1880, by the well-known zoologist, Professor Kessler, the then Dean of the St. Petersburg University, struck me as throwing a new light on the whole subject.\~}{ }{\f0\fs24\b0 Kessler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s idea was, that besides\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 the law of Mutual Struggle}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~there is in Nature\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 the law of Mutual Aid,}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~which, for the success of the struggle for life, and especially for the progressive evolution of the species, is far more important than the law of mutual contest. This suggestion \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  which was, in reality, nothing but a further development of the ideas expressed by Darwin himself in\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Descent of Man}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  seemed to me so correct and of so great an importance, that since I became acquainted with it (in 1883) I began to collect materials for further developing the idea, which Kessler had only cursorily sketched in his lecture, but had not lived to develop. He died in 1881.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The importance of the Mutual Aid factor \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93if its generality could only be demonstrated\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  did not escape the naturalist\u8217\'92s genius so manifest in Goethe. When Eckermann told once to Goethe \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  it was in 1827 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  that two little wren-fledglings, which had run away from him, were found by him next day in the nest of robin redbreasts (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Rothkehlchen}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), which fed the little ones, together with their own youngsters, Goethe grew quite excited about this fact. He saw in it a confirmation of his pantheistic views, and said: \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it be true that this feeding of a stranger goes through all Nature as something having the character of a general law \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  then many an enigma would be solved. \u8220\'93He returned to this matter on the next day, and most earnestly entreated Eckermann (who was, as is known, a zoologist) to make a special study of the subject, adding that he would surely come \u8220\'93to quite invaluable treasuries of results\u8221\'94 (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Gespr\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u228\'E4che}{\f0\fs24\b0 , edition of 1848, vol. iii. pp. 219, 221). Unfortunately, this study was never made, although it is very possible that Brehm, who has accumulated in his works such rich materials relative to mutual aid among animals, might have been inspired by Goethe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s remark.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Consequently I thought that a book, written on}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \~Mutual Aid as a Law of Nature and a factor of evolution}{\f0\fs24\b0 , might fill an important gap. When Huxley issued, in 1888, his \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Struggle-for-life\u8221\'94 manifesto (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Struggle for Existence and its Bearing upon Man}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), which to my appreciation was a very incorrect representation of the facts of Nature, as one sees them in the bush and in the forest, I communicated with the editor of the Nineteenth Century, asking him whether he would give the hospitality of his review to an elaborate reply to the views of one of the most prominent Darwinists; and Mr. James Knowles received the proposal with fullest sympathy. I also spoke of it to W. Bates. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, certainly;\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is true Darwinism,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 was his reply. \u8220\'93It is horrible what \u8216\'91they\u8217\'92 have made of Darwin. Write these articles, and when they are printed, I will write to you a letter which you may publish.\u8221\'94 Unfortunately, it took me nearly seven years to write these articles, and when the last was published, Bates was no longer living.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For primitive Man \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  they maintain \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  war of each against all was\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 the}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~law of life. In how far this assertion, which has been too willingly repeated, without sufficient criticism, since the times of Hobbes,}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the weakest and stupidest went to the wall, while the toughest and shrewdest, those who were best fitted to cope with their circumstances, but not the best in another way, survived. Life was a continuous free fight, and beyond the limited and temporary relations of the family, the Hobbesian war of each against all was the normal state of existence.\u8221\'94}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://theanarchistlibrary.org/library/petr-kropotkin-mutual-aid-a-factor-of-evolution#fn2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 2]}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The readiness of the Russian zoologists to accept Kessler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s views seems quite natural, because nearly all of them have had opportunities of studying the animal world in the wide uninhabited regions of Northern Asia and East Russia; and it is impossible to study like regions without being brought to the same ideas. I recollect myself the impression produced upon me by the animal world of Siberia when I explored the Vitim regions in the company of so accomplished a zoologist as my friend Polyakoff was.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 s to the beetles, we have quite well-observed facts of mutual help amidst the burying beetles (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Necrophorus}{\f0\fs24\b0 ). They must have some decaying organic matter to lay their eggs in, and thus to provide their larv\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6 with food; but that matter must not decay very rapidly. So they are wont to bury in the ground the corpses of all kinds of small animals which they occasionally find in their rambles. As a rule, they live an isolated life, but when one of them has discovered the corpse of a mouse or of a bird, which it hardly could manage to bury itself, it calls four, six, or ten other beetles to perform the operation with united efforts; if necessary, they transport the corpse to a suitable soft ground; and they bury it in a very considerate way, without quarrelling as to which of them will enjoy the privilege of laying its eggs in the buried corpse. And when Gleditsch attached a dead bird to a cross made out of two sticks, or suspended a toad to a stick planted in the soil, the little beetles would in the same friendly way combine their intelligences to overcome the artifice of Man. The same combination of efforts has been noticed among the dung-beetles.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One of them had fallen upon its back in a corner of the tank, and its heavy saucepan-like carapace prevented it from returning to its natural position, the more so as there was in the corner an iron bar which rendered the task still more difficult. Its comrades came to the rescue, and for one hour\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s time I watched how they endeavoured to help their fellow-prisoner. They came two at once, pushed their friend from beneath, and after strenuous efforts succeeded in lifting it upright; but then the iron bar would prevent them from achieving the work of rescue, and the crab would again heavily fall upon its back. After many attempts, one of the helpers would go in the depth of the tank and bring two other crabs, which would begin with fresh forces the same pushing and lifting of their helpless comrade. We stayed in the Aquarium for more than two hours, and, when leaving, we again came to cast a glance upon the tank: the work of rescue still continued! Since I saw that, I cannot refuse credit to the observation quoted by Dr. Erasmus Darwin \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  namely, that \u8220\'93the common crab during the moulting season stations as sentinel an unmoulted or hard-shelled individual to prevent marine enemies from injuring moulted individuals in their unprotected state.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 many species of ants is the fact and the obligation for every ant of sharing its food, already swallowed and partly digested, with every member of the community which may apply for it. Two ants belonging to two different species or to two hostile nests, when they occasionally meet together, will avoid each other. But two ants belonging to the same nest or to the same colony of nests will approach each other, exchange a few movements with the antenn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6, and \u8220\'93if one of them is hungry or thirsty, and especially if the other has its crop full... it immediately asks for food.\u8221\'94 The individual thus requested never refuses; it sets apart its mandibles, takes a proper position, and regurgitates a drop of transparent fluid which is licked up by the hungry ant. Regurgitating food for other ants is so prominent a feature in the life of ants (at liberty), and it so constantly recurs both for feeding hungry comrades and for feeding larv\u230\'E6, that Forel considers the digestive tube of the ants as consisting of two different parts, one of which, the posterior, is for the special use of the individual, and the other, the anterior part, is chiefly for the use of the community. If an ant which has its crop full has been selfish enough to refuse feeding a comrade, it will be treated as an enemy, or even worse. If the refusal has been made while its kinsfolk were fighting with some other species, they will fall back upon the greedy individual with greater vehemence than even upon the enemies themselves. And if an ant has not refused to feed another ant belonging to an enemy species, it will be treated by the kinsfolk of the latter as a friend. All this is confirmed by most accurate observation and decisive experiments}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The ants and termites have renounced the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hobbesian war,\u8221\'94 and they are the better for it. Their wonderful nests, their buildings, superior in relative size to those of man; their paved roads and overground vaulted galleries; their spacious halls and granaries; their corn-fields, harvesting and \u8220\'93malting\u8221\'94 of grain;}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://theanarchistlibrary.org/library/petr-kropotkin-mutual-aid-a-factor-of-evolution#fn9"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 9]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~their, rational methods of nursing their eggs and larv\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6, and of building special nests for rearing the aphides whom Linn\u230\'E6us so picturesquely described as \u8220\'93the cows of the ants\u8221\'94; and, finally, their courage, pluck, and, superior intelligence \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  all these are the natural outcome of the mutual aid which they practise at every stage of their busy and laborious lives. That mode of life also necessarily resulted in the development of another essential feature of the life of ants: the immense development of individual initiative which, in its turn, evidently led to the development of that high and varied intelligence which cannot but strike the human observer.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~It is well known that there always are a number of bees which prefer a life of robbery to the laborious life of a worker; and that both periods of scarcity and periods of an unusually rich supply of food lead to an increase of the robbing class. When our crops are in and there remains but little to gather in our meadows and fields, robbing bees become of more frequent occurrence; while, on the other side, about the sugar plantations of the West Indies and the sugar refineries of Europe, robbery, laziness, and very often drunkenness become quite usual with the bees. We thus see that anti-social instincts continue to exist amidst the bees as well; but natural selection continually must eliminate them, because in the long run the practice of solidarity proves much more advantageous to the species than the development of individuals endowed with predatory inclinations. The cunningest and the shrewdest are eliminated in favour of those who understand the advantages of sociable life and mutual support.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Bakunin - gods punishment is very profound and just precisely because it is so monstrously iniquitous and absurd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nothing is more dangerous for man's private morality than the habit of command. The best man, the most intelligent, disinterested, generous, pure, will infallibly and always be spoiled at this trade. Two sentiments inherent in power never fail to produce this demoralisation; they are: contempt for the masses and the overestimation of one's own merits.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "The masses" a man says to himself, " recognising their incapacity to govern on their own account, have elected me their chief. By that act they have publicly proclaimed their inferiority and my superiority. Among this crowd of men, recognising hardly any equals of myself, I am alone capable of directing public affairs. The people have need of me; they cannot do without my services, while I, on the contrary, can get along all right by myself; they, therefore, must obey me for their own security, and in condescending to obey them, I am doing them a good turn."}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Is there not something in all that to make a man lose his head and his heart as well, and become mad with pride? It is thus that power and the habit of command become for even the most intelligent and virtuous men, a source of aberration, both intellectual and moral.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kropotkin - head page boy }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nest of vipers making their way up the greasy pole}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kropotkin - mutual aid vs survival of the fittest - capitalism vs socialism. WHich is natureal? Doge eat dog, or dog love dog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aldous huxley - struggle of nature - kropotkin lays out ideas of cooperation and altruism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hobbesian wars of all against all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  rights  required in the past, these few appropriate 2/3 of human labor, and then squandor them in the most stupid and shameful way. It is because, having reduced the masses to the point where they have not the means of subsistence of a month, or even a week in advance, teh few can allow the many to work, only on the condition of themselves receiving the lions share. It is because these few force the remained of men from producing the things they need and producing whatever offers the greatest profit for monopolists.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is enough labor already poured into the world, its just that the distribution is so whack. This is in Our Riches.  All that is necessary for production - the land, the mines, the highways, food, shelter, education, knowledge, have all been seized by the few in the course of that long story of robbery, enforced migration, and wars, of ignorance and oppression which have been the life of the human race before it learned to subdue the forces of nature. It is because taking advantage of alleged}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {Burden of proof of legitimate authority is on those in authority. People generally think they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re nice guys, and don\u8217\'92t have the courage to look in the mirror and admit that they\u8217\'92re bastards. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {People don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even recognize that they\u8217\'92re being suboridnated by systems of power. Slavery accepted by slaves as legitimate and necessary. Women, as legitimate and necessary. Suboridnate to husbands is proper. Feudal society- subordinate to king is proper.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Chomsky - freedom - not the freedom to control their work and lives, but the freedom to submit yourselves to a higher authority. Private tyrrany the worst kind. Tyranny of unaccountable, private, concentrations of wealth.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Hitchens  - }{\f0\fs24\b0 \~an intellectual absolutism and a disdain for liberal dilemmas and trade-offs \endash  hence a brutal assault on\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isaiah_Berlin"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Isaiah Berlin}}{\f0\fs24\b0 's genteel liberalism in a 1998 essay.}{ }{\f0\fs24\b0 \~He is incurious about what religious belief feels like, or what meaning it has for millions of people \endash  even though, unlike his co-anti-religionist\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Dawkins"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Richard Dawkins}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , Hitchens concedes that religious feeling is ineradicable.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {ROsa Luxemburg}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Energetic human beings, they were \endash  to use a favourite expression of Rosa Luxemburg\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \endash  \u8216\'91candles that burned at both ends\u8217\'92}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Catarrh}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is an\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exudate"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 exudate}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of inflamed\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mucous_membrane"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 mucous membranes}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in one of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Airway"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 airways}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~or cavities of the body,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catarrh#cite_note-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catarrh#cite_note-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~usually with reference to the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Throat"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 throat}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paranasal_sinuses"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 paranasal sinuses}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . It can result in a thick exudate of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mucus"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 mucus}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Granulocyte"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 white blood cells}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~caused by the swelling of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mucous_membrane"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 mucous membranes}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_head"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 head}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in response to an infection. It is a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symptom"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 symptom}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~usually associated with the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_cold"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 common cold}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pharyngitis"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 pharyngitis}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and chesty\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cough"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 coughs}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , but it can also be found in patients with\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adenoiditis"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 adenoiditis}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Otitis_media"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 otitis media}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sinusitis"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 sinusitis}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~or\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tonsillitis"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 tonsillitis}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . The\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phlegm"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 phlegm}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~produced by catarrh may either discharge or cause a blockage that may become\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chronic_(medical)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 chronic}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The word "catarrh" was widely used in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Medicine"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 medicine}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~since before the era of medical science, which explains why it has various\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Word_sense"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 senses}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and in older texts may be synonymous with, or vaguely indistinguishable from, common cold, nasopharyngitis, pharyngitis,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rhinitis"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 rhinitis}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , or sinusitis. The word is no longer as widely used in American medical practice, mostly because more precise words are available for any particular disease.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 the famous \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91right of self-determination of nations\u8217\'92 is nothing but empty petty-bourgeois phraseology and humbug}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain }