{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Maybe he begins to feel that he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s torturing that spark. }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come a long distance without realizing it. To the south he spied Shulgi\u8217\'92s silhouette set against the blue of night. He could blot it out with his thumb. To the west lay the sand blanketed world. The Tib blacked the rim of the horizon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stared at Moto for a moment, then tossed Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Sparked stomach into the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The organ bounced of the top log and rolled onto a crook of flame. It squizzled and spurted. Smoke poured out of the severed end, but the Spark inside only seemed energized by the flames, and after a finger or so, when it all settled down, it almost looked cozy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is no simple thing,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, eyes narrowing. \u8220\'93Even if we could destroy the stomach, the Spark inside would, in time, find its way back into another.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did Greskal\u8217\'92s prince destroy his Spark?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone who would know is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This whole time Pyetle had been leering at Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d bet Mandri could destroy it,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram picked up his iron spear and poked the stomach out of the fire. It rolled towards Mandri, collecting on its surface a speckled film of dirt. His stomach growled at the sight of it, and oh no, there was a rather elegant thread of purpose connecting that beautiful golden Spark to his lips.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach lurched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His vision froze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as he began to suspect that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d somehow broken reality, he heard a voice. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93STOP!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His whole world twisted around as his mind sprang back into his eyes. There was Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach under his nose. It was being pushed into his mouth by his own wringing hands. His teeth were sinking into its steaming meat. He could taste its juice on his tongue. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto looked at everyone with clear disdain, upset at how their silence was talking over him. Yes, he was the only one still standing, and somehow this was a challenge to the core his being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle retrieved from his robes two small bricks of cappash\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a dried and minced lizard meat spiced with bitter herbs and caked in yellowed fat. He handed one of these to Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look like you need it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever force controlling Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body accepted the offering. He nibbled on a corner, thinking there\u8217\'92d be no taste. At first there wasn\u8217\'92t, but with the second chew the meat\u8217\'92s smoky flavor percolated into being. Every swallow slumped him further into his body\u8217\'92s exhaustion. Somehow the act of eating was pulling him back into his being.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was not entirely enjoyable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light, I\u8217\'92m tired,\u8221\'94 he mumbled between mouthfuls. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose we could take some time to sleep?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No sleep,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, who wasn\u8217\'92t eating anything. He sat cross-legged, appreciating the fire between them. His great spear was stuck into the stone. \u8220\'93We must talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He remembered that he still had Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knife, so he took it out. Now he was confronted with a decision: should he cut that hungry thread?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Was such a thing even possible?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could cut it, yes, but would it not grow right back?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he noticed another thread, this one thin, almost imperceptible. It branched off that hungry thread and was stuck to the edge of his knife, introducing an uncomfortable contradiction, because now two different futures were outlined here and they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t both be true. One demanded he swallow, and the other demanded he didn\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was conceivable then, that he could cut both them out of existence. But how? Did that require another knife, and another thread of fate? Could that third-order thread be cut? And what about these thoughts, the desires themselves? Perhaps even these were being drawn along a predictable curve through a hidden landscape of fate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He looked again upon the Black knife in his hand and watched in amazement as it all splayed out into a circular fan of hands holding knives. Mandri twisted his wrist to cut, and each blade turned in time to cut its neighbor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thread, an infinite regress of causes putting an end to their own infinite regress of effects. Only, none of them cut. Each edge slipped past their neighbor\u8217\'92s thread and bent impossibly back around so as to cut their own, a recursive swirl which severed the very notion of comprehensibility.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He noticed another thread, this one thin, almost imperceptible. It branched off that hungry thread and was stuck to the edge of his knife, introducing an uncomfortable contradiction, because now two different futures were outlined here and they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t both be true. One demanded he swallow, and the other demanded he didn\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A shadow passed over the fire, and suddenly there was Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s massive frame. The giant had his spear an inch away from Mandri\u8217\'92s forehead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give it here,\u8221\'94 Ayram said with an outstretched hand, but as Mandri could not move, the giant was forced reached down and take it for himself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Why would she kill herself? She could read the future. She saw how her victory was assured}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 . }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She disemboweled herself because she knew that }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 he }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 was going to finish her work!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle scoffed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t possibly know that. Maybe she wasn\u8217\'92t a very good seer. She might have thought her demons would overcome him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at who speaks of what they can\u8217\'92t possibly know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of this, \u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he leaned forward, suddenly more interested in his own argument. \u8220\'93Two bulls penned in the same field fight for an entire summer. One day they grew tired of it. They simply stopped. Now, you\u8217\'92ve said these two witches have been fighting each other for\u8230\'85for however long. Ten thousand years? More? Fighting such a futile war, would they care who wins or loses? I can see them growing tired of it, and deciding to let things fall where they may.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto scoffed at this suggestion. As did Ayram. The giant grunted and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet would not idly toss aside the sacrifices of everyone she had ever known, just because she was tired.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. And now that the odds were against him, he adopted pious airs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}