{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The spitting, scrawny woman walking in front of Mandri, the one carrying the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91unconscious\u8217\'92 Mazidobo, her name was Seb. The man walking behind Mandri, the short and stout man whose bread wasn\u8217\'92t baked all the way through, his name was Hill, and according to Hill, these two names were the only two things that Mandri needed to know. Don\u8217\'92t bother with \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91what is going on\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91I can\u8217\'92t see where I\u8217\'92m going\u8217\'92, the only thing that mattered was that Seb was in front and Hill was behind and that was the way things were going to be. If Mandri did so much as breathe too loudly for Hill\u8217\'92s comfort, that was sufficient cause for an open handed smack on the back of the head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was impossible for Mandri to not make noise because sound carried well in the pitch-black tunnel, and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s once-dead-legs were as stiff as rods so every step begged a groan. Every bend of knee felt like a spike had exploded into his thigh. Instead of striding through the dark like Hill wanted him to, Mandri shuffled through it on sensitive feet, doing what he could to avoid the trash that littered the floor, and that was hard to do too, because the tunnel was a dumping ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a horde of trash piled all the way up the low ceiling. It was not a place for unshod feet, for hidden in the shadows of the dancing torchlight were the picked-clean bones of small animals scattered amongst splintered balkanut like shattered skulls and the curved clay shards of wasted jars and all manner of organic waste, the worst of which were the cold and gooey lumps of muck that glistened when they welled up in between Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s toes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t figure what this substance was until Hill stepped in it, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gods damn it be! Seb, was this you?\u8221\'94 Hill was pointing down at a dark stain that soured the toe of his hard leather boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb paused her march and turned around. She shoved Mandri aside so she could get an eye on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Course not,\u8221\'94she protested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why can\u8217\'92t you shit in the hole like everyone else?\u8221\'94 Hill challenged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you, it wasn\u8217\'92t me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s always you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Choppa\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill let loose a frustrated sigh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s always you or Chopper, and since this shit is half green, that means it\u8217\'92s you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb turned a cold shoulder to Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s indignation, and started off again into the dark. Hill nudged Mandri to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t play blame games with me, Hill. Who\u8217\'92s the one pilin\u8217\'92 up all this trash up in here, huh? Ya know there\u8217\'92s a hole for all this, too, but ya\u8217\'92ll too lazy, aren\u8217\'92t ya? Get yourself together afore you come and pick on my habits.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb wrapped up her complaint with a snort, and she readjusted Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dead weight to accommodate a hefty harrumph. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri followed along timidly, clutching his wounded right arm against his chest, lest it get infected by brushing up against the fetid clutter. He searched the flickering ground for a clean edge of stone to scrape his shit-stained foot against and found none. The tunnel was cramped tight with so much stuff and yet not one thing in it was whole.  Black moldy growths pickled the ceiling. This was the most loathsome place, and with each step Mandri was becoming more and more convinced that he was back in the good old land of the living, because this was life in all its slovenly glory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until the trio left this rubbish tunnel and spilled out into a cleaner, roomier tunnel that Mandri was sure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was a bandit\u8217\'92s nest, not some corridor of Shis. On one side of this tunnel was a store of chopped lumber, and stacked crosswise on the other side were plump canvas bags branded with a black Hrkan sunrose compass. Strewn on the floor in between this stolen grain and the firewood was all manner of toe-jamming obstructions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 beer pots, sweetgrass baskets, holey-soled and stringless leather boots, a bundle of crude arrows propped up inside a beer pot, more beer pots. Seb picked her way around all this junk as if she\u8217\'92d placed each piece herself, like a pampered toddler waddling through scattered toys, and on her shoulder, slung like a freshly slaughtered sty-pig, was Mazidobo. His unfortunate nose bobbed in and out of Seb\u8217\'92s armpit with every step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It was hard to believe anyone could bring a Mazid down so low, and that these two boorish bandits were involved was inconceivable. Seb was as unimposing as an outland poke could be, dirty and hungry looking, with sunken eyes. She looked like desperation itself more than a person, and she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the dangerous kind of desperation either. She looked like the sad kind of desperation that Mandri could defeat by simply looking away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked behind at Hill. Hill had his plump pinky finger stuck halfway up his own nose, digging for gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri grimaced. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave some for me,\u8221\'94 he said to Hill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill 's eyes flashed, his cheeks flushed, and he gave Mandri a rude but pulled punch in the ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get going!\u8221\'94 he shouted. Mandri got going. He took two steps, and when that wasn\u8217\'92t hurried enough, Hill shoved him in the back as if that would help. Mandri\u8217\'92s stiff legs couldn\u8217\'92t cope with the sudden shove and he tumbled forward into Seb\u8217\'92s hips. Seb went sprawling, and so did Mazidobo. The three of them tumbled together into the glinting darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whore\u8217\'92s breath!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted at Hill. \u8220\'93You a pokey old tacko, ain\u8217\'92t ya?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed herself up to his feet. She glared at Hill, seemingly intent on brawling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go rub your uglies,\u8221\'94 Hill groaned as he pushed past Mandri to shine his torch on the Mazid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93White light!\u8221\'94 Hill exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93White light!\u8221\'94 Hill yelped. \u8220\'93You broke it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bald head was twisted completely the wrong way around. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t broke shit!\u8221\'94 Seb spat back, her spittle flying out at Hill\u8217\'92s cheek. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  pushed me, you gutswipe!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill growled and picked the broken Mazid up under his arm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You done it now, Seb. Ayram\u8217\'92s gonna know about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stopped Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leaving by yanking at the Mazid\u8217\'92s arm. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill glared back with wide, murderous eyes, and Seb dropped the arm without a fuss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill nodded to Mandri and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take the little dent up to the pit.\u8221\'94 Then he turned and marched back in the direction from whence they came, taking his torchlight with him, leaving Seb and Mandri alone in the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit,\u8221\'94 Seb muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  A robe-swish later and Mandri felt the cold iron point of a dagger prodding his back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you think about tryin\u8217\'92 nothin\u8217\'92 stupid,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92d I say about talkin\u8217\'92? Now get movin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood up and he started to move in the direction he supposed Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dagger wanted him to go. The two of them walked like this, bumbling through the dark, toes and knees crashing into whatever happened to be in their way. Eventually they rounded a bend and came to yet another tunnel, one which gave way to the blinding light of day. When Mandri stumbled out into the sunlight\u8217\'92s warmth, he couldn\u8217\'92t see a thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dagger relented, and Mandri\u8217\'92s aching legs took the opportunity to collapse. Instead of slamming into rock, his knees splashed into warm, soothing sand. He dug his good hand into it. It was warm and inviting, and he wanted to wriggle into it like a sand flea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram!?\u8221\'94 Seb shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s not here,\u8221\'94 said a gruff voice. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know he\u8217\'92s not, where is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s back inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat her frustration into the sand, then Mandri felt a brush of air as the woman darted back into the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to blink out the burned-in image of day which occluded the world from view, but that blotch of white only faded into a fainter blotch of white. He looked up, and there was a circle of blue sky above, and when he looked back down at the world the whiteness resolved into an encirclement of white stone rock. He was sitting at the bottom of a colossal limestone bucket, a pit cave, with walls some fifty feet tall. The prenoon sun angled its light down the sides of this bucket, leaving Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s half of the pit in a dusty, radiant glow, and the other half in a crescent shadow which glowed hot from from all the reflected light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were dark figures milling about in that warm shadow on the opposite side, some standing, some sitting. They were all looking at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of them stepped forward into the sunlight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a dark Zosan woman. Her smooth face was framed by a tight white headscarf, with the unwrapped end hanging loose around the neck. The rest of her figure was shrouded to the ankles by a beige robe. It was a clean and simple look, and despite the wear and tear that spoke of a life roughing it out in the Sand, the woman wore it all with a hint of regal bearing, shoulders held in a kind of self-important swoop that showed she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been trained in the art of woman-standing-still. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her voice was as uncompromising as her posture, though she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much older than he was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the dead boy,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, Mandri was the dead boy. It was such a simple matter of fact, but the way she said it made it seem like it was some keen insight that was obvious only to her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who are you?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. He was anxious not to appear ruffled. He sat back on his heels and contemplated standing up but decided against it because he wasn\u8217\'92t sure if his legs could manage it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Moteah,\u8221\'94 she said as she wrinkled her nose. He supposed she could smell death on him. \u8220\'93And you don\u8217\'92t speak without permission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That woman who brought you out here,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t speak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah sighed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know why she was in a hurry? You may speak your answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it has something to do with the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Mazid\u8217\'92 was hardly out of Mandri\u8217\'92s mouth when three scraggly men, all wrapped up in deep desert fashion, leapt to their feet and sprinted across the sand towards Mandri. In five strides they brushed right past him, and on the sixth they disappeared into the dark tunnel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah turned to others gathered, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get the boy fit for walking. And make sure he doesn\u8217\'92t speak.\u8221\'94 Then she ran into caves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get him fit for a dog\u8217\'92s dick,\u8221\'94 said a grumbling voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shut up Spiddy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You shut up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one\u8217\'92s to mess with the boy until Ayram\u8217\'92s sussed him out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The woman who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come to Mandri\u8217\'92s defense was a silver-haired, Jandri woman, athletic, with a brown robe was fitted with several knotted leather leather tassels. This combined with her sun-leathered skin made her seem like an overgrown taproot come to life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name\u8217\'92s Forty,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, whatever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty turned her back to Mandri and chided the shadows. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I shouldn\u8217\'92t have to say this, but things being what they are\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no one touches a hair on this prick\u8217\'92s head unless Ayram says so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She nodded towards Mandri. A few unhappy grunts followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, Who\u8217\'92s got Papi\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When no one answered, Forty pointed towards Mandri with an open hand and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy needs robes before we set out and Papi\u8217\'92s will fit. So, who\u8217\'92s got \u8216\'91em?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Papi\u8217\'92s not been dead two days,\u8221\'94 said one unhappy shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So? Do you think Papi cares what happens to his clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you take his clothes, then, Weeg?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, Tob did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty turned to a lounging shadow tucked right inside the bottom swerve of the pit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crescent shadow. She motioned for Mandri to follow her into the shade and so he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  In that shadow\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge was a burly man stretched out amongst a couple burlap sacks. This man\u8217\'92s head was a wiry bush of black, for between the beard, brows, and hair there was hardly a splotch of skin. There was a mouth in there somewhere, because sticking out of the beard was a smoking pipe of freeweed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This man, Tob, was propped up on one elbow. He took one look at Mandri and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The bastard can freeze and burn for all I care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty sauntered over to the limestone wall and sat down next to this surly bush of a man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is Tob,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob is an idiot,\u8221\'94 Forty said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, come off it,\u8221\'94 Tob moaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are those Papi\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94 Forty asked as she pointed to the bundle of clothes that lay between Tob\u8217\'92s elbow and armpit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob patted the bundle with care and said. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are. Make a nice pillow, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only way the boy here is gettin\u8217\'92 them is if Ayram commands it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give them here,\u8221\'94 said Forty, undeterred. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woman\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what did I just say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want to explain to Ayram why the boy isn\u8217\'92t ready to go when he gets out here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob took a long, thoughtful drag from his pipe, let the smoke swirl around with his thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he finally said, and he pulled the bundle of clothes out from under his bushy bulk. He made to undo the string that wrapped it all together, grumbling as he did it. \u8220\'93You know, last I checked we was called the Ayramun, not the Fortyun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never said we was called anything else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob gave up trying to undo a troublesome knot, and he tossed the wrapped bundle of clothes at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. \u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93But you need be remembering who those clothes belong to. They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s. Everything is Ayram\u8217\'92s here. Clothes on my back. Those clothes there at your feet. The food that\u8217\'92s coming to your belly. It\u8217\'92s all loaned out, if you like. Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s, not yours, not Moteah\u8217\'92s, and not Forty\u8217\'92s either. So don\u8217\'92t get confused by the way this woman acts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri picked up the bundle. He pulled at the plaited hemp string and unrolled the clothes onto the ground. There was a thin, brown, three-layered robe all crumpled up with salt and sweat, and next to it was a hoodscarf, brown, with a diamond pattern of red sewn down the sides. There was also a pair of rawhide boots that, when Mandri put them on, seemed cut perfectly to size. It was all in good shape, too, though the robe was loosely-fit and had a blood stain around the collar, and there was a splotch of blood running along the length of the left arm. In putting it on, Mandri was careful not to stain the right sleeve with his poultice-wrapped wrist, which at this point of was leaking a dark, almost black, unguent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri finally had it all on, with the tails of the hoodscarf wrapped clumsily around his neck, Tob looked him up and down and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Papi wore when he got killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I figured.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob blew a puff of smoke in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not supposed to speak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I ask why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A gruff voice rose up from the shadows behind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cause you a damned Minder, you dent.\u8221\'94 It was the same man from earlier, Weeg. Weeg was so dirty and disheveled that he looked like he\u8217\'92d just got done rolling down a dune. Sand was stuck to his unreasonably flat face. His nose must have been broken a hundred times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh screw off,\u8221\'94 Forty said to him. \u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter if he talks. Not like the Mazid\u8217\'92s out here. And look at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not like he knows any curses.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at the bloodstained sleeve. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you all don\u8217\'92t want me wearing these robes, I don\u8217\'92t need to. I\u8217\'92m fine with just my tunic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t be fine when we head out into the Sand,\u8221\'94 said Forty. \u8220\'93That tunic would leave your legs in sunboils.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hell of a lot wrong with Papi\u8217\'92s robes too,\u8221\'94 Tob said. \u8220\'93Every stitch of those robes is knitted with bad luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t start,\u8221\'94 said Forty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This ain\u8217\'92t a matter of startin\u8217\'92 and stoppin\u8217\'92. Those clothes are plain bad luck. That\u8217\'92s how it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty groaned and Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s caterpillar brow winked at Mandri. He said, \u8220\'93Women don\u8217\'92t know about luck, do they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither do I,\u8221\'94 Mandri replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s bull,\u8221\'94 Tob scoffed. \u8220\'93You gotta be the luckiest prick this side of Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know about that,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, looking at his handless arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boy, you standing here alive, and you don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92re lucky? You were about to be turned into a demon!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty nodded and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We found you half-dead in the Junei hills, dressed up as food for the Amalgamete.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob supped his pipe and added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s only one thing the Amalgamete\u8217\'92s stomach do with its food, and that\u8217\'92s make demons. And how\u8217\'92d you get caught up like that anyway?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you how,\u8221\'94 said Weeg from behind. \u8220\'93Elrahet been readin\u8217\'92 the future upside down. That boy there ain\u8217\'92t a boon, he\u8217\'92s a curse. Sun as my light, that boy there is gonna get us all killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That so?\u8221\'94 Tob asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb found him in that damn corpsecart we was ambushin\u8217\'92. An look what happened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more n\u8217\'92 half of us dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty intervened again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were dealing with a god damned Mazid and eighty something Skulsi. We were always gonna lose people. This little prick had nothing to do with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We woulda lost less if it weren\u8217\'92t such a shitshow, and you tell me, how\u8217\'92d things go down that way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you,\u8221\'94 said Tob.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty rolled her eyes and said derisively, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me guess\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we got unlucky?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t get started,\u8221\'94 Forty said, but Tob had already folded his hands over his big belly,  and said to Mandri, \u8220\'93Luck is like peelin\u8217\'92 plaster\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty interrupted with a mule-like whine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob, you're the unluckiest bastard in the world.\u8221\'94 She looked to Mandri and added, \u8220\'93He hides his face in all that hair cause he\u8217\'92s so damned ugly. And guess how he got those scars. The man got his head chewed up by a keenkedra.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I survived!\u8221\'94 Tob exclaimed. \u8220\'93Who has touched tongues with a full-grown keenki and lived to tell about it? No one! None but }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . And why? Because of my luck.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lucky you survived, but you were as unlucky as a courtman\u8217\'92s prick to ever get swallowed in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the thing!\u8221\'94 Tob exclaimed, almost shouting, his left eye wide with excitement, revealing to Mandri that under all that hair, the right side of his face was paralyzed. Something like that is usually obvious from the way the lips skew when a person speaks, but Tob\u8217\'92s mouth was little more than a hole in that broom of a beard, and while that hole did skew, the right side had an excuse for not moving as it was busy supping on his pipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need some bad luck to really know about luck,\u8221\'94 said Tob. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the always-lucky that don\u8217\'92t know a thing about luck because they don\u8217\'92t need to. They don\u8217\'92t step in any holes and they get to believin\u8217\'92 that holes don\u8217\'92t exist. But I\u8217\'92ve stepped in all the holes. I know my way around them by now. I\u8217\'92ve got Luck mapped out as well as anybody who ever lived.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t make sense,\u8221\'94 said Forty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob brushed her off and said to Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I shoot an arrow at you, what says whether or not it kills you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty cut in again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck has nothing to do with it. It\u8217\'92s skill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s luck!\u8221\'94 Tob retorted. \u8220\'93Skill says whether or not you hit the target. You aim at the neck, and if you\u8217\'92re skilled, you hit the neck. Luck says whether it rips through the pipes or only scratches the throat.\u8221\'94 As proof of his words, Tob pulled up his beard to reveal, lurking under a scraggle of neck hair, a long white scar that wrapped around his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like someone tried to chop your head off,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As soon as Mandri said this, a shorter, stunted bald man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been snoozing away perked up and shouted, \u8220\'93Chop!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94 said Tob with expressive hands, trying to calm the startled man down. \u8220\'93No chop. No chop today.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94 the bald man asked again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The bald man pouted and lay back down. As soon his head hit his pack of a pillow he was snoozing again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob turned to Mandri and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t say that word around Chopper unless you need something chopped. And if you need something chopped you better find him and let him do it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or else. Anyways, like I was sayin\u8217\'92, the arrow that did my neck was shot from only twenty paces. Busted right through me. And that arrow came from a Scweeman no less\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as skilled as any here with a bow. But he couldn\u8217\'92t beat my luck. I\u8217\'92d wager more than money that my good luck is what saved me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cept you won\u8217\'92t ever wager anything,\u8221\'94 Forty snipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not right for me to take advantage of others in matters of luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about a wager on }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 him}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 asked the gruff Weeg. He pointed to Mandri. \u8220\'93I bet ten wraps this walkin\u8217\'92 curse is gonna get us all killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet twenty!\u8221\'94 said another rough and ugly man who was sat near Weeg. \u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92d Elrahet make him the Minder anyways?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll have to ask Elrahet,\u8221\'94 Forty answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Weeg sneered at Mandri, bared his crooked yellow teeth, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t trust a fresh pulled poke to keep the piss out their pants.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Easy, Weeg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Easy my ass. Pickin\u8217\'92 up some random dent an\u8217\'92 makin\u8217\'92 him Minder of a Mazid weren\u8217\'92t never part of the plan. He\u8217\'92s gonna get us all roasted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty furrowed her brow at Weeg, and that was enough to send the man into retreat. Thankfully, that was the end of it, and everyone settled down. Mandri sat down next to Forty because she seemed to be the only person who would tolerate him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better get used to waiting,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s half of what we do around here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob overheard and added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From then on, no one spoke. They sat and waited in that crescent shadow. Mandri was thankful for the quiet. It gave him time to think about how in Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name this ragged band of sand-spitting pokes had killed eighty-something Skulsi and captured a Mazid. On top of that, for some god-bothering reason, they\u8217\'92d found Mandri\u8217\'92s body and brought him back to life just to make him the Mazid\u8217\'92s Minder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Only Solraheen knew. Well, Solraheen and some old bat named Elrahet, and probably the leader of them all, Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So Mandri sat and waited for one of the three to make an entrance.}}