{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a rumor, circulated for centuries by scientists, artists, and philosohpers both secular and religious, a piece of gossip as it were, to the effect that women are \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93biologically conservative.\u8221\'94 While gossip among women is universally ridiculed as low and trivial, gossip among men, especially if it is about women, is called theory, or idea, or fact. This particular rumor became dignified as high thought because it was Whispered-Down-The_Lane in formidable academies, libraries, and meeting halls from which women, until very recently, mhave been formally and forcibly excluded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whispers, however multisyllabic and footned they sometimes are, reduced to a simple enough set of assertions. Women have children because women because women by definition have children,. This \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93fact of life,\u8221\'94 whic his not subject to qualification, carries with it the instinctual obligation to nurture and protect those children. Therefore, women can be expected to be socially, politically, economically, and sexually conservative because the status quo, whatever it is, is safer than change, whatever the change. Noxious male philosophers from all disciplines have, for centuries, maintained htat women follow a biological imperative derived directly from their reproductive capacities that translates necessarily into narrow lives, small minds, and a rather meanspiriti3ed puritanism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This theory, or slander, is both specius iand cruel in that, in fact, women are forced to bear children and have been throughout history in all economic systems, with but teeny-weeny timeouts while men were momentarily disoriented, as for instance, in the immediate postcoital aftermath of certain revolutions. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Militant conformist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The corpse is beyond caring.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most girls do not want to become like their mothers, those tired, preoccupied domestic sergeants beset by incomoprehensible troubles. Mothers raise daughters to conform to the strictures of the conventional femal life as defined by men, whatever the ideoligcal values of the men. Mothers are the immediate envforcers of male will, the guards at the cell door, the flunkies who administer the electric shocks to punish rebellion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Woman accept abuse in silence and shame, tie themselves to hearth and home with rope made of self-blame, unspoken rage, grief, and resentment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lesbian is half monstor, half moron: having no man to nag, she imagines herself napoleon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The paring down of a whole person to vagina and womb and then to a dismembered obscenity is their best and favorite joke.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wife, in defending the husband, screams or stammers that her life is not a wasteland of murdered possibilities. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Convinces the male controllers of images and wealth that she is reducible to current sexual fashion, available to the male on his own terms, she is paid and honored. Her acting must be imitative, not creative; rigidly confomring, not self generated adn self renewing. The actress is the puppet of flesh, blood, and paint who acts as if she is the female acting. She died alone, possible acting on her own behalf for the the first time. Death, one imagines , numbs the pain that barbiturates and alcohol cannot touch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Norman Mailer, savior of masculine privilege and pride on many fronts, took up the challenge by theorizing that Monroe may have been killed by the FBI, or CIA, or whoever killed the kennedys, because she had been mistress to one or both. Conspiracy was a cheerful and comforting thought to those who had wanted to slam into her until she expired, female death and female ecstasy being synonymous in the world of male metaphor. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Women experience the world as mystery. Kept ignorant of technology, economics, most of the practiccal skills required to function autonomously, kept ignorant of the real social andsexual demands mode on women, deprived of physical strength, excluded from forums for the development of intellectual acuity, and public self-confidence, women are lost and mystified by the savage momentum of an ordinary life. Sounds, signs, proomises, threats, wildly crisscross, but what do they mean? The right offers women a simple, fixed, predetermined social, biological, and sexulal order. Form conquers chaos. Form banishes confusion. Form gives ignorance a shape, makes it look like something instead of nothing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Safteyl. For women, the world is a very dangerous place. On wrong move, even an unintentional smile, can bring disaster \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  assault, shame, disgrace. The right acknoledges the reality of danger, teh validity of fear. The right then manipulates the fear. The promise is that if a woman is obedient, harm will not befall her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 War of attrition.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryant, like all the rest of us, is trying to be a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93good\u8221\'94 woman. Bryant, like all the rest of us, is desperate and dangerous, ato herself and to others, because \u8220\'93good\u8221\'94 women live and die in silent selflessness and real women cannot. Bryant, like all the rest of us, is having one hell of a hard time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Savage momentum of an ordinary life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 **busy having his conscience violated}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her male colleagues refuse to let her escape the ghetto of female issues and enter the big time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}