{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The manifesto states that the public largely accepts individual technological advancements as purely positive without accounting for their overall effect, which includes the erosion of local and individual freedom and autonomy. While originally regarded as a thoughtful critique of modern society, with roots in the work of academic authors such as\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacques_Ellul"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Jacques Ellul}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desmond_Morris"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Desmond Morris}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Seligman"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Martin Seligman}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrial_Society_and_Its_Future#cite_note-3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Kaczynski's 1996 trial polarized public opinion around the essay, as his court-appointed lawyers tried to justify their insanity defense around characterizing the manifesto as the work of a madman, and the prosecution lawyers rested their case on it being produced by a lucid mind.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Humans adapt to machines instead of the other way around}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But that is how its always been! Humans adapt to the enviornment. It has always been this suffering. What we go through is no different. Species of creatures, models of the world are being extinguished at monumental rates. It is no different. Except for those who break the cycle. The stoic.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Industrial Society and Its Future}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~echoes contemporary critics of technology and industrialization such as\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Zerzan"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 John Zerzan}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jacques_Ellul"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Jacques Ellul}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrial_Society_and_Its_Future#cite_note-21"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 21]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rachel_Carson"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Rachel Carson}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lewis_Mumford"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Lewis Mumford}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E._F._Schumacher"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 E. F. Schumacher}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrial_Society_and_Its_Future#cite_note-unabomber's_secret_treatise-22"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 22]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Its idea of the "disruption of the power process" similarly echoed social critics who emphasize that the lack of meaningful work is a primary cause of social problems, including Mumford,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Goodman"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Paul Goodman}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Hoffer"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Eric Hoffer}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrial_Society_and_Its_Future#cite_note-unabomber's_secret_treatise-22"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 22]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aldous_Huxley"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Aldous Huxley}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~addressed its general theme in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brave_New_World"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Brave New World}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , to which Kaczynski refers in his text. Kaczynski's ideas of "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialization#Oversocialization"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 oversocialization}}{\f0\fs24\b0 " and "surrogate activities" recall\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sigmund_Freud"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Sigmund Freud}}{\f0\fs24\b0 's\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Civilization_and_Its_Discontents"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Civilization and Its Discontents}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and its theories of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rationalization_(psychology)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 rationalization}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sublimation_(psychology)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 sublimation}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(a term which Kaczynski uses three times to describe "surrogate activities").}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrial_Society_and_Its_Future#cite_note-23"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 23]}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "philosophical criminal of exceptional intelligence and humanitarian purpose ... driven to commit murder out of an uncompromising idealism"}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 After Ted Kaczynski's April 1996 arrest, he wanted to use the trial to disseminate his views,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrial_Society_and_Its_Future#cite_note-FOOTNOTEMichael201276-8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 8]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~but the judge denied him\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pro_se_legal_representation_in_the_United_States"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 permission to represent himself}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Instead, his court-appointed lawyers planned an\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insanity_defense"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 insanity defense}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~that would discredit\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Industrial Society and Its Future}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~against his will. The prosecution's psychiatrists counter-cited the manifesto as evidence of the Unabomber's lucidity, and Kaczynski's sanity was tried in court and in the media.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain }