{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A moth passes for a leaf, does that make it like a leaf? Or is there something fundamentally different about its nature?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hated it when people used metaphors to make a point. Just because one thing roughly maps onto another doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mean that there\u8217\'92s any truth in it. All it does is pull the argument out into murky water where it's drowned in things that don't matter. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I simply find it suspect that your  understanding of the structure of the universe centers the human condition. The truth is that while you think the afterlife needs to be a world of woe deep underneath the earth, Solraheen might not have felt the same way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But He did feel that way. He created us from His Spark, so we think and feel like Him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  thin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 for ya but taste good. You can taste, can\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any spit. My mouth is dry as sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn. Sorry bout that. Don\u8217\'92t got no moisture but blood, huh? Must be why them eyes are so red.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look like you\u8217\'92re bleedin\u8217\'92 inside your skull.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 and her hair was as wild as  a weedbush puffing out of the wide black bandanna that she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d affixed to her forehead. The red kell oil smeared on her face picked up the warm light and made it seem as if her cheeks were rubbed raw, down to the bleeding muscle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This be Minting Rock,\u8221\'94 Seb said as his near-toothless mouth squelched a borcandi spine. He was obviously an old hand at borcandi biting because he carried himself with that borcandi bent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like his muscles were stuck in tension and had been that way for years, shoulders hunched and tight, head knocked forward, limbs all slightly bowed as if he\u8217\'92d half-coiled up in fright and rusted that way. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 it was another object to add to that collection of things consigned to oblivion. Its }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man his size could simply stand still, and that was intimidating enough to scare a reluctant tree into shaking off its fruit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothin\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 Seb lied through a limp-lipped drawl. Mandri knew she was lying because her eyes were fixed on a bank of the wash right where he\u8217\'92d been standing, and this was no longer a drunken, inward, sightless staring, she was looking at something, perceiving it, perhaps wondering what it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was it something on the ground?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the ground?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d dropped a burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri kicked at the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t touch it!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Touch what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri swiped the sand in a wide arc with his foot, hoping to uncover a god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye burgeon peeking out at him. The top layer, the was something there, a black crack which should have been filled in by falling sand. \tab Startled to find, there in the fractal crack the shadow didn\u8217\'92t disappear. black. Black as the cave of history. Black as Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93DON\u8217\'92T TOUCH IT!\u8221\'94 Seb shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Do you know how much this is worth?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fool!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb slaps it out of his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It melts back into the shadow cracks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Down to his knees shifting threough. Patting it lightly, hopint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stopped by a dagger at his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pick it up again,\u8221\'94 Seb whispered, breath reeking of wine, \u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92ll show ya what\u8217\'92s fabled \u8216\'91bout Fabled Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Piss on the desert is why nothign grows}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shuffled his legs underneath him into a frog-like squat, and he leaned forward so that the great bulk of his pack was centered on his hips, and then he stood right up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a metallic, tinny tone that quivered like a strandtail\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warble, only it was ten times louder and harsher than any shriek any bird could ever make. That damned sound cut through the rock so clearly that its source might as well have been in the room. For Mandri, it was an ear-splitting pain, but to Obo it was doing something stranger.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He knew it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, but it was convenient to assume the opposite. That way, he didn\u8217\'92t have to think about it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember what I said last week?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that I need to study hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And have you done that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram laughed at his own impertinence. He had avoided the hands altogether. Under Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supervision, Vigram attempted to paint them. It was like watching a child stir food around on their plate, and when Vigram pulled his brush away, there were no hands, there were two bundles of sticks sticking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri gave a meager smile to encourage the man. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only things that matter are the face and the hands,\u8221\'94 he said. He was struggling to stay useful. \u8220\'93You could give Lora a hundred ribs and a single breast and people will forgive you for it, so long as you\u8217\'92ve drawn a perfect face and delicate, expressive, anatomically correct hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do better with the hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram laughed again and Mandri rubbed his frustrated brow. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had long given up trying to explain that financial success has little to do with skill. Novelty plays a role, but mostly it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about preening tongues and critic\u8217\'92s pens. It\u8217\'92s about how many people knew the raw fact of his existence. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You see, artists make the best divine instruments because of how practiced they are at suppressing themselves. Every time you paint you must look at the painting as if you weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t involved, as if you are completely oblivious to all the meaning you\u8217\'92ve nestled inside every brushstroke. You must do this because you wish to know how the painting will move on someone who is not you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She tried to spit all this black thought out of her cheek. This was all the work of expectations. These damned expectations were why it was worse to be the ambusher than the ambushee. Merchants in the Sand might be expecting to encounter some gang of hard-up outland pokes, but surely they expected to live through it or they never would have set out in the first place. When death comes, it comes as a surprise for them. Their dread is short lived. It wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be close to what Seb was going through. Yes, those people were lucky they died so quick.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But maybe not, because it might be true that the only thing that matters in life is what the mind is like at the exact moment of death. When the Spark drops out of time, who knows, those last thoughts might be crystallized for all eternity. That means that if one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s last moment is agony, then it\u8217\'92s agony forever. Get lucky and it's a deep sleep. Get unlucky, get ambushed in the desert and a sharpened point of iron finds the forehead and scratches the brain, that look of shock and surprise can get fixed on the skull. Sometimes it sets hard as stone. There\u8217\'92s not much comfort in the fact that these terrified faces eventually get wiped away when some gummy mouthed, flat faced lizard waddles in and chews it up, because by that point the Spark is already good and gone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Seb knew it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about luck. Who lived and who died was all part of the divine plan. but \u8216\'91luck\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91bad luck\u8217\'92 were just words describing the same thing. Ultimately it didn\u8217\'92t matter what she called it, she worried about it all the same.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why a demon had met such abuse, Mandri was not sure. Perhaps this was a human half-transformed, still suffering through its long punishment. A cell-mate of sorts. A vision of what was in store for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had no doubt he would be tortured as well. And after torture, there would come periods of healing, hence the stitching on the demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest. This all made sense because Shis couldn\u8217\'92t be all-torture all-the-time. There would need to be quiet moments to allow for reflection. And no doubt the torture would fit the crimes he\u8217\'92d committed up on the surface. This creature here had committed a crime of passion. Why else would they cut through to its heart? It also explained the erasure of its genitalia. No doubt this was some Hrkan youth who had succumbed to the passions of temptation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was such a pitiful sight. Mandri might have been scared of it, but the creature didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem capable of moving. It never even looked at Mandri. Eventually it fell asleep, and when it did, Mandri felt at ease enough to close his eyes and try to predict what style torture was in store.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torture in Shis would be elaborate. No doubt, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come with a sense of poetic justice, so Mandri thought long and hard about his crimes. He\u8217\'92d never committed any unshoulderable sins, nothing to warrant being impaled on a spike a thousand times or tossed into a lake of fire. People shamed him for giving up on life, but as far as he knew, that wasn\u8217\'92t explicitly forbidden. Who was he harming? No one. Harming himself? Nonsense. Was self-hatred a sin against the Spark? Was hatred?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If self-hatred was sin, there could be only one punishment with any poetic significance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would be made to hurt himself. Somehow, this place was going to get him to cut his own throat, or kick his own severed head into a hole. But}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , so he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d need some prodding. He might be forced to ingest some mind-controlling substance, or be strapped into an ancient contraption of rust and iron, with knives, chains, and pulleys that could bend his arms against his will and make him flay himself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think I know? Don\u8217\'92t ask me about witch business. All I know is when a person gets body-dead but their stomach\u8217\'92s still burns, that only means one thing.\u8221\'94 He paused and supped his pipe to savor the anticipation on Mandri\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty pooed the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s slackness and finished the thought. \u8220\'93We found you body-dead in the Junei hills, dressed up as food for the Amalgamete.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri blanched as Tob puffed out a snot of smoke right at him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And there\u8217\'92s only one thing the Amalgamete\u8217\'92s stomach do with its food, and that\u8217\'92s make demons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Demons?\u8221\'94 Mandri wondered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , a chest so cavernous that it seemed the words had already echoed before they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d even left his lips, giving the unsettling impression that two men spoke at once.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he sight of it alone was sickening, for the once-white linen was stained brown and black, and tufts of rotted vegetative matter sprouted out between the gaps in the slap-dash wrapping, and oozing out alongside was a dark, unsightly ooze.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand shifted to the back of Mandri\u8217\'92s neck. The calloused weight of it swallowed Mandri\u8217\'92s own soft and sinewy self, and when Ayram gave a slight, yet terrifying squeeze, Mandri nearly yelped.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Settle down Tob,\u8221\'94 Ayram griped after Tob spat up a chunk of smoke-blacked spit onto Obo\u8217\'92s face. Tob grinned at Ayram\u8217\'92s chiding remark, though he did settle down as Ayram wandered back towards the cave and pulled from its shadows a giant blackened iron bar}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you were capable of compassion, I wouldn\u8217\'92t have seen a Mazid kill a hundred-score in a heartbeat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The massacre of Gudrk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gudrk was two hundred years ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw it in a painting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 said Obo, scoffing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But am I wrong? You say you never lie, so answer me that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong about what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That the only reason you\u8217\'92re talking to me is because you want to use me for whatever escape you\u8217\'92re scheming up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo paused to consider his words carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a simple yes or no,\u8221\'94 Mandri nudged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo tilted his head back and forth as if to weigh some heavy decision. He finally muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How should I say this...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By saying yes, or no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am talking to you because I wish to explore the potential of our relationship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no plans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now that is a lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri was polite enough to wait until she was finished to ask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you mind if I tasted it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The disgust in Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was absolute. Most outland women end up with rumpled foreheads, and it\u8217\'92s not from years spent squinting at the sun. From first blood they\u8217\'92re fighting wars of aggravation against outland men. The difference here was that the nuisance at hand was not a man, but Seb, and she wasn\u8217\'92t rebuffed in the usual way. Her eyes were bright, expecting entertainment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb had been idling nearby like a dried out lizard. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look mad to be alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri snorted and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unfortunately it seems I\u8217\'92m too lucky to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lucky?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve cheated death about five times in the past four days, so I\u8217\'92m starting to think that luck is real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb chuckled, though that did nothing to lighten the mood because she was so grimy. A fat black borcandi spine poked out between her rubbed-down teeth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No such thing as cheatin\u8217\'92 death,\u8221\'94 she said. She spat a wad of goo into the sand. \u8220\'93If there was, then everyone been cheatin\u8217\'92 death every moment of their lives. Shit, since you been sittin\u8217\'92 there you breathed \u8216\'91bout a hundred times\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s a hundred deaths you just put off, but I don\u8217\'92t see you thankin\u8217\'92 luck for the miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Breathing is not a miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell that to folks that can\u8217\'92t breathe. Friend of mine once died when she was sleepin\u8217\'92. Wasp flew straight in her open mouth and stung her in the dangly bit. Thing swole up the size of a pigs uglies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An\u8217\'92 it could happen to you. Could happen any given moment, but I don\u8217\'92t see you prostratin\u8217\'92 yourself every second, thankin\u8217\'92 luck for keepin\u8217\'92 the damn wasps from uggin\u8217\'92 up your throat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, in case it\u8217\'92s necessary, I will give thanks.\u8221\'94 Mandri opened his arms to the reddening sun and said, \u8220\'93I thank you, Luck, for keeping the wasps away!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb snorted and smirked. She appreciated the sarcasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one\u8217\'92s special,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Everybody is who they is, an\u8217\'92 that\u8217\'92s all they is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t disagree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wouldn\u8217\'92t matter if you did. The gods are playin\u8217\'92 a game an\u8217\'92 that\u8217\'92s all there is to it. An\u8217\'92 you best believe me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8216\'91cause you might catch sight of the hand of Solraheen and get slapped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, flippantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t \u8216\'91right\u8217\'92 at me,\u8221\'94 Seb said, offended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry. It\u8217\'92s just the last time I heard someone talk about Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand, it was a priest getting his head chopped off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s a priest losing his head got to do with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was arrested for stealing the legs of the Lybion martyrs from the temple of Jeetz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A look of disbelief on Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weathered face. She said, \u8220\'93Them legs are as watched as the sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why they caught him and put him on trial. And you know what he said in his defense? He said the hand of Solraheen directed him. He said if Solraheen didn\u8217\'92t want him to have such sacred relics, then Solraheen wouldn\u8217\'92t have allowed the theft to occur in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And he were right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The judge said that if Solraheen wanted that priest to keep his head, Solraheen wouldn\u8217\'92t have allowed the man to be caught.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb nodded without appreciating the irony. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They both sat there, staring at the mound of bodies, Seb in wistful repose, and Mandri leaning away, wondering if the odor pricking his nose was coming from Seb, or himself, or the bodies. The woman was still as dirty as when that Hrkan soldier had pulled her out of the sand. She was as comfortable in that cake of dirt as any burrowing lizard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your faith warrants a boon,\u8221\'94 Pel said. \u8220\'93Ask and you shall receive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb bit her lip, then whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish to see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb and Moto worked hard to draw him deeper into the argument over what to do. It seemed Ayram believed, according to his ornery glare, that nothing but a white light descending from a cloud could change his mind. He had no intention of actually listening to what anyone had to say. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even listen to himself. He\u8217\'92d betray his own words if they were held against him. First he claimed that their only worry were the sand whips stirring in the belly of the storm, next he argued that it didn\u8217\'92t matter if they got caught up in the Ugmukeen because the Hrkan pursuit was just as deadly. There were other, subtler contradictions, but no one pointed any of them out because there was a clear and consistent message here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram was going to do what Ayram wanted to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wondered why a man so big even bothered. When the arguing turned to bickering the cause became clear: like any great leader, Ayram had an instinctual hatred for the fact that other people wanted to do different things than he did. And he possessed the flexible inflexibility of a great politician\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his words might bend back on themselves but his will was solid granite. He was as willfull as a Hrkan Lord. Only, less refined. A brute. The Lords and their Men of the Quorum would make laws and felt justified because the gods were dead. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s justification was that he was biggest, and that would have been true if the gods were still alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He ended the argument about what to do about the storm by stamping his spear into a skull-sized rock and splitting it open. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re staying put,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things would have been much simpler if he had led with that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  When it came time to justify his authority, he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t retreat into philosophy, make arguments about how any how no honest investigation of the truth ever ends, not when infinities are involved, and so at some point someone\u8217\'92s must carry the day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri That kind of flexible inflexibility would have made him a great politician if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be born to Hrk. The only real difference between Ayram and the average Lord was the sheer size of him. The lords were forced to justify their intransigence by appealing to invincible ignorance; No honest investigation of the truth ever ends, not when infinities are involved, not when every cause-effect pair is but one link in a chain going back to the beginning of time. In the end, all anyone is doing is picking and choosing which facts to isolate as real and self-contained. And in this atmosphere of make-believe, there remains the absurdity of justification. What was Ayram\u8217\'92s? He was bigger than you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He ended the argument about what to do about the storm by stamping his spear into a rock and splitting it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re staying put,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was a man who leaned motionless on his certainty, unmoved by the storm of facts swirling around him. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not that he was deaf and blind to reality. He simply chose to ignore it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had seen in the politicians crawling all over Jeket. In another life, Ayram could have been a great Hrkan Lord, because he was a man who did not need to investigate the truth, because he was a man who knew that such a thing is not possible. We are all invincibly ignorant, and such is the There was no need to investigate, because there is always something to investigate, and he knew that at the end there is a simple choice: which set of facts feel better? The factual foundation of his own sense of self was found a long, long time ago. Which is truer, more useful - that there , or that he was bigger than everyone else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tools need to be sharpened,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t Mind the Mazid because you can\u8217\'92t Mind yourself. The fighting life cures a man of that dullness. And when you\u8217\'92re sharp, strong, you\u8217\'92ll get a taste of what it\u8217\'92s like to move a man against his will. It is the greatest feeling in all the world. From there, moving a Mazid should be no different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And before you embarrass yourself by denying it, think of how you wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t judge all artists from one child\u8217\'92s scribblings. If you were to see the best warriors in action, you would agree with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t believe him,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you should,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? No desert custom is going to stop people from looking out for themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever heard of the Tukli?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Tukli used to live just south of Cask. They had strange ways of worshiping Solraheen, so to incorporate them into the Hrkan world the Lords had to reform their religion. The plan was to do it piecemeal, over generations, so as not to cause a stir\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t start with the religion itself, start with some of their customs to soften them up. The first thing we did is we told them to write Solraheen with one \u8216\'91h\u8217\'92 instead of two.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess what they did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They didn\u8217\'92t want to do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They built warehouses out of resin-rich timber, locked themselves inside, and then burnt it all down. An entire tribe of ten-thousand people killed themselves in one night. They killed themselves and their children over a single L. If you ever make it to Jeket\u8217\'92s library, you should look for a book on the histories of the Old Believers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should. The customs of Outland tribes are tickling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet had been sitting silently by herself, brooding as she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been want to do since they\u8217\'92d entered the Tib. The next words she spoke were her first in several days. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the Mazid that killed the Tukli?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you not listening?\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93They killed themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet turned her back and that was that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri asked Moteah how Ayram knew where they were relative to the Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He remembers it,\u8221\'94 she said, as if that were a perfectly adequate explanation. Mandri knew that Ayram couldn\u8217\'92t have dead-reckoned it all the way from that little desert temple. The featureless Tib would have made that impossible, and the arc of the sun was more of a guideline than a precise measure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He considered asking the giant himself, but decided not to, and good thing too, because the next person who spoke drew Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had to poop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that made me eat those flies!\u8221\'94 she whined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine!\u8221\'94 Ayram exclaimed as he thrust his great pack into the dirt. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll make a short camp here. Be quick and quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quiet, can tell ya that. Ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quick, either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb scurried off towards the mountains and disappeared amongst the shadows of rocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri dumped his pack onto the ground, then went to Moteah to ask for some twigs to make a fire to calm the oncoming chill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No fires,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93We have to be quiet, and we have to pass unseen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t know, there\u8217\'92s two kinds of tribes here in the Goree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those who want to kill you, and those who want to steal everything you carry. Either way, you end up dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t they have seen us coming from miles away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t watch the Tib, there\u8217\'92s no reason for it. We probably slipped through and if we have, we don\u8217\'92t want to spoil it with a fire, do we?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, how close are we to the Pass?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be upon it by morning,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the light of day?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you just said that everyone wants to kill us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Goree pass is protected by outland custom, so long as you pass in the day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who enforces that custom?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Custom does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Mandri laughed, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our customs may mean nothing to you, but they preserved our peoples for thousands of years despite every attempt to eradicate us. Every tribesman knows that if they violate the truce of the Goree Pass, then they are dead, and every Hrkan knows it too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, with ebullient eyes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t laugh because I doubted you. I laughed because I believed you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s enough,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, and that was that. They took up shelter behind a jumble of boulders which blocked the western wind. Ayram shared stern words with Seb when she returned from her fecal excursion. All except the giant lay down to rest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe bit his lip in frustration. He looked up, took in the tower, then spied the long distance behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93But I won\u8217\'92t do this business in the shadow of this accursed place. We\u8217\'92ll meet where the tower\u8217\'92s shadow meets the light of Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the sun approaching its noontime zenith, the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow extended out into the desert a mere forty yards or so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened. He pointed a finger at Moteah and declared, \u8220\'93Then you carry it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah scoffed and got right up into her brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93How about, for once, you take up the weight when Ayram gives it to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All the muscles in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders tensed up, and like a slapback lizard unfurling its frills he rolled his shoulders back to puff his chest. The siblings might have come to blows if a wad of borcandi juice didn\u8217\'92t go flying right between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry it,\u8221\'94 Seb grumbled. \u8220\'93If\u8217\'92n it means you two stop bitchin\u8217\'92 and we can get on with it. I\u8217\'92ll carry the damn thing. Sol\u8217\'92s sake, lash it to my spine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93We stop here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We make our stand here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought we were going to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is perfect spot. There\u8217\'92s scraps of shadows everywhere. The Hrks will come in thin, then we\u8217\'92ll snag the Riga and keep running.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what about\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Het will take Mandri up ahead. He\u8217\'92ll be the bait. The rest of you...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of them were already dumping their packs and preparing for a fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the fight was upon them before , }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah-HA!\u8221\'94 he exclaimed triumphantly. \u8220\'93As I predicted.\u8221\'94 He was a zosan, dark skin, with a natural limp in his step. The soldier next to him fumbled with his horn, but the scribe caught his elbow. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a little soon for that, don\u8217\'92t you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stood straighter. His nose flared as he sniffed that elevated air of authority, and shouted towards the Ayramun, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you\u8217\'92ve given up the chase! There is no place where we would not have followed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 an enormous golden statue of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was in the rare, Old Jandri style, where Solraheen is shown sitting so as to mark the place as His dwelling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a form outlawed by Hrk, for it was sacrilegious to suggest that Solraheen did not dwell in Jeket alone. Here, His golden skin was smooth and His body featureless. His face was round, alive, and enlightened. His pose was rigid as a board, as if sculpted by someone who had never sat before and was working off the description. The Hrks would later give Solraheen the muscles of a hero and the natural bearing of a Hrkan Lord being crowned, but Mandri preferred this older style. It was more primitive, less real, and therefore, more true. And it was huge, at least ten feet tall. Where most closet Solraheens were inset into a wall or ensconced within a small wood shrine, this Solraheen sat out in the open. His seat was a bronze throne pillowed with opalescent lizard hides that had been polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a beautiful sight. Serenity personified, though none of it glittered as brightly as Mandri might have wanted. A thin layer of dust dulled its luster, and some of that fire-lorn ash speckled His skin like moles. While all that was a shame, it could be forgiven because there was no one to attend to Him. What could not be forgiven was the fact that, instead of a clean, warm amber glow, Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden skin was darkly mottled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri cringed at the impiety. Pure gold cannot tarnish. This meant that the Greskalun had polluted His flesh with impure metals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No wonder Solraheen did not deliver the Greskalun from their doom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And worse, standing by Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left foot were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was impossible to say for certain what this urine was for, but there was narrative proximity here which could not be ignored. Surely the Greskalun were bathing their God in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One indignity to wash away another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They should have settled for a smaller statue,\u8221\'94 a creeping soldier said, in tune with Mandri\u8217\'92s own thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked from the center of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soldier pointed to the statue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a statue of Sol here! It\u8217\'92s tarnished.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not pure gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle tissked at the charge and winced as his man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ignorance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen cares not for gold,\u8221\'94 he said sharply. \u8220\'93What He cares about is this man.\u8221\'94 He nudged the dead prince with his foot. \u8220\'93And that poor one there.\u8221\'94 He pointed towards a dark lump on the floor that wasn\u8217\'92t but ten feet away from Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That lump had a mop of dark hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It had a human ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It had a neck, and attached to that neck were a few links of spine. What mangled flesh there was looked like it had been munched on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shuffled away from it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beyond her, Ayram roared, and the distance between him and the newborn demon was closed so fast that it seemed only a single leap. The thunder clap of their meeting unleashed chaos in the room. So much happened so fast that Mandri, burgeoned as he was, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep track.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neither of the giants moved with anything resembling weight. Ayram swung his iron spear so fast that it seemed to curve, and it snapped suddenly straight against the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fending tail. Sparks flew, the demon recoiled and raged, then it leaped forward in a wild spin, swiping out with its taloned hand. Ayram sidestepped, and the demon followed through with its tail to knock Ayram\u8217\'92s spear aside just as the next spinning set of talons were coming round.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri began to suspect that this man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forehead scars were a sign that he had mistaken himself for a goat and slammed his skull into someone else\u8217\'92s nose. On several occasions. This also explained why his eyes were so wide-set, because repeated attempts to flatten his face was sure to push them apart. His caprine aura was rounded out by the sense that to get near him was to approach a boundless rage trapped in a body that was amusingly unable to properly express it. Fearsome was he, hateful, proud, like every billy goat who ever tilted. He deserved wings, horns, talons, skin-ripping teeth. He deserved to be beheld. But he was smallest amongst his comrades. Out of mind. Left to watch over a prisoner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri felt pity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was no need to make this man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life any harder than it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were both stains on the bottom of a boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, Mandri did as his captor demanded, and he set out after the rabble of Hrks. He did it as a favor. It was a favor which would never be repaid, or even noticed, but the important thing was that Mandri felt good about it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , a man whose weak shoulders shrank under the weight of scrutiny. It was clear that he had forgotten to keep track of Seb and was hoping everyone else had forgotten too. And his general air of incompetence was not improved by the fact that his left eye socket was noticeably larger than his right. In less exciting times, the scrunched side of his face looked angry while the other side was serene. At the moment, both sides were positively afraid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle undressed him with a series of rhetorical questions, and when the soldier gave confused, mumbled responses, Pyetle exploded}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}