{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  ghost story, its about breakdonw in model of reality which they took so seriously}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re forced to watch and be voyer to how those stilted views ruin people}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  lots of regret, shame, pissed at being stuck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The genius stroke}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Book is a tension between the core text being making a name is folly, and the transcriber\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s obsession with making a name }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 AI\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s incapacity to say I don\u8217\'92t know. Reflecting lower level creature.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ai compared to surfing. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a kind of cargo cult.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mormons think they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve won, so they\u8217\'92re out looking for their own planets. Joseph Smith was last sighted halfway to mars by the returning Lao\u8217\'92tze}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \line --include somewhere my spiel about physics being impossible, because two theories predicting same thing - 3d modeling; vs. raymarchign.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy who carved his name in a national park stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conceit: you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move on to next life until you are forgotten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy get\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s caught destroying graves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jimbob has died. He refuses to speak of the circumstances of his death to his newfound friend in the afterlife, jane. Together they navigate a strange afterlife, one, in which the only rule is that one cannot proceed to the next stage of existence until they have been entirely forgotten in the terrestrial world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I had any bones I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have a boner right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some who were forgotten and then later remembered - Enheduana.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are now holding the only legitimate communication with the dead}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dead for a minute or hour don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count. That light of the end of the tunnel is the flatworm brain , the deepest part of our centers, confirmed experimentally in 4082.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is also the only legitimate communication from the future.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Transcriber's note:\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line My name is on the cover, but I did not write this book. My name is on the cover for two reasons. First, the true author wished to remain anonymous, and would, I believe, eschew any association with this work. The reason for this will become clear soon. Suffice to say, there is no harm being done to him. The second reason my name is on the cover is that the publisher refused to publish unless my name was on the cover. They claimed legal reasons, though those reasons were, and are, impenetrable to me. I didn't push back on this because, honestly, I didn't care to. Of course, the true reason my name is on the cover is that names are brands, and brands sell. It might be presumptuous, at this point in my career, to call my name a brand as I've only written one other book*. But every brandname must start somewhere.\line \line So, with this arrangement forced on me, I have decided to include my own thoughts and reactions to the transcribed text as footnotes and standalone chapters, so as to excuse having my name on the cover. These interjections may be removed and the source material published as a standalone work. I would not object, so long as I am dead and the copyright on this work has expired. I do, after all, live in a society which everywhere encourages making name for oneself, so as to profit from it at any cost. As will be seen, that cost may be quite great.\line \line A quick note about how I came upon the source material; where it came from, how i came upon it, etc. In my spare time, and as I fancy, I write shaders. A shader is a little program which tells a computer's graphics card how much the colors red, green, and blue should contribute to any given pixel. It's amazing what can be done with this. No doubt you'll have played a video game, or at least seen one, so the virtual realities which can be summoned with those three colors will be familiar. What's more incredible is the feeling one gets when constructing those realities. I have worked extensively in just about every analog and digital artform, excepting live performance, and I can tell you that nothing will make you feel more like a god than writing a shader. It feels like true creation, as god creates. It's almost enough to move me away from my atheism. Not quite, though. Because in the end, you still aren't actually creating ex nihilo*.\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 each stroke of the work affects different aspects}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 spectrum of deliberate vs accidental}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 graphics programing super deliberate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so imagine my surprise when information was popping up in the background}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 first instinct was that Unity devs were fucking with me}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work on any other computer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line \line Going further, all of my additions will be enclosed in brackets so as to delineate them from the source material. The author of the source material will, heretofore, be refferred as the Unmentioned.\line \line \line *[That book is "Invincible Dread", which I hope you will purchase wherever books are sold. Its sequel, to be titled, "Invincible Enmity", will, I hope, come out before I die. If I am to live to be old, there may be a third book. Alternatively, you could just give me your money direct to save us both the hassle.]\line \line *[I once came upon, in the wild, the term ex rectum; e.g. creation ex rectum; i.e. pulling something out of your ass.]\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 few were test transmissions. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Transmission 1}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello world!\u8221\'94*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *[This message might be noise. However, as I acquired this text using the same method as all the rest, it is included. If this was written by the Unmentioned, it might explain something of his character, as whoever wrote it was no doubt was familiar with our modern conventions; printing \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello World!\u8221\'94 is usually the first program on writes when learning a new language.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Transmission 2}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1,1,2,3,5,8,13,21,34,55,89,144*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *[This is, of course, the Fibbonacci sequence, where each number is the sum of the two previous numbers. Why the Unmentioned decided to transmit this, I do not know. He might have thought it poetic. He might have hoped it would act as a sort of signal to indicate that an intelligence was communicating amidst the noise, the way in which SETI might search for primes in radio bursts coming from outer space. For my part, I can only say that the sequence holds no real aesthetic value, and it was not the key which allowed me to identify or decipher his method of communication.]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was abducted by aliens. I would rather not talk about it, but necessity forces me to say something about the experience, as you, the reader, are burdened with the task of interpreting my story, and circumstances surrounding the abduction figuring it all within the cosmic model. So to be clear, this is not a story about an abduction, or aliens, or some galactic community. This is a message about what waits for us in the afterlife.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was twelve, and I looked out a sliding glass door where, up in the sky, was a passenger airplane. It was small amongst the clouds, with enough atmospheric haze between us to make it a blue silhouette. It looked a bit like a fly, dwarfed as it was by an alien airship hovering in the air further out. Describing that ship is difficult as this happened so long ago, I only remember that it was long, somewhat flat, and appeared to be somewhat modular. Its primary feature was its enormous size; my immediate reaction was wordless shock, and then }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was the only one in the house at the time. I was only one who had seen it, because there weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any news reports, it wasn\u8217\'92t in the paper (yes, we still got the paper then), and so I kept its sighting to myself. I thought I was going schizophrenic, as I\u8217\'92d recently seen \u8220\'93A Beautiful Mind\u8221\'94, and the idea that the mind could invent sights and sounds which weren\u8217\'92t there was fresh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two weeks later, until one night I went to sleep and woke up clamped on a padded table, with all sorts of strange metal rods and scalpels hanging from a metal frame several feet above my head. I did not see my alien captor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flesh. I did hear their voices.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then my , incised my left temple, sliced into my skull, and soon after, the story wich ther rest of this booke happened.\line \line Now, it is possible that everything that I experienced was an implanted memory. That is not how I choose to interpret the experience. \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how big is it? Watch in shock and horror as an airplain was heading toawrds it; crosses in front of it-my god it was a fly next to a whale.\line \line \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 irish guy- people sad at the decay of the idea of the nation for which they fought for. I succeeded, and still, it was horrible. (or maybe he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care about it at all). Nations aren\u8217\'92t worth fighting for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nations spring up because other people are trying tot ake advantage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 conflict you learn the true shape of a thing. Fire and water are elemetnally bound to react. You learn a truth about fire. About water. People who sit still and avoid conflict imagine things about themselves which are not true. Conflict is only uncomfortable because you wanted somethign other than the truth. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  idea about a belief that the physical world is the domain of truth for essences to filter into to learn what they are.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  writing was not invented by poets, but by accountats. But what about language? The spolekn word. Poetry did not need writing. Language was invented by acountats too. To keep track of stuff owned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mine\u8221\'94 was the first word.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 planet shedding ghosts as those who lose interest slack off the stratosphere, a comet tail of souls.\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}