{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Most Outland tribes believe that when the land was pulled up from the waters it came out as a solid whole, one earth surrounded by one ocean. When the sun rose it shined on everything at once\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 birds, bushes, beasts, and humans, as well as the twin brother gods, Solraheen and Schisol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Schisol did not like this arrangement. Humanity was trampling all over His brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sacred gardens. He wanted humanity kept apart, so He smashed His fists into the ground and split the land in two. In one cataclysmic afternoon Jandri became an island continent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How great the trembling must have been when the Hias mountains were torn apart. How incredible it had to be to see an ocean of fish, shark, and noodly leviathan tumble into green valleys. It is said that for a day all the ocean beasts frolicked in the sumbmerged forests and fields, and all that movement is the reason why the waters of the Shalbrum sea flows so fast today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Schisol was an idiot. Having pushed Jandri out into the ocean, He unwittingly pushed it closer to the sun. The unremitting heat bore down on the lush environs, withering them into dust. In His bid to save His brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s garden from the ravages of humanity, Schisol had destroyed it instead. To add insult to injury, humans eventually built boats and sailed across the sea, settling Jandri and spreading out to farm every inch of good black earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meskalim was one of the first cities to rise up on the new continent. On the earliest maps it was nothing but a nameless black dot sitting halfway down Jandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s western rim. Nobody cared for a small flesh market that merchant barges skipped on the way down around the horn and east to Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This all changed when a young slave girl slipped and fell into a hole. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What that girl was doing in the foothills of the Hias mountains, so far from the city, only Solraheen knows. Some say that she was lured down into that hole by a demon, because the entrance to that abyss was nothing but a black sliver in the grass\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 impossible to find unless one knew where it was. But what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s important is that when the girl was rescued from the earth she was clutching a nugget of gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The shepherd who found her went back to that crack the next day with an oil lamp. Not twelve feet down and his eye caught the glint of a gold stringer slanting sideways through the granite. He followed it through a tight-fitting pocket, and there in that fracture he found a vein of gold that was wider than his arms could stretch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mines were driven into the hills. This was ages before the age of Hrkan science, so no real thought was given to managing the uncountable tons of rock that were pressing down on the blooming network of tunnels. When the people of Meskalim dug into the earth they put up wood beams and packed the walls tight with a stiffening mud, but that was it. They didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand that the granite there was fiercely jointed and that a beam supporting one rock might be doing nothing for another just a few inches away. It all looked like one big rock in the dim light of torches. The odd cave-in should have served as a warning. One might be tempted to say these ancient peoples didn\u8217\'92t understand the danger because they were blinded by greed, but the simpler truth was that they were invincibly ignorant. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meskalim became a golden city on the maps of a golden age. Its thousand white domes were enameled with sacred geometry. Its boulevards were filled with all the peoples of the world. Its army was twice the size of any other. Its port was the very center of the earth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All of this because of gold. Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stone, called as such because gold is as bright and as immutable as the divine. Leave it in the dirt for a million years and it will stay as brilliant as the day it was interred. Roll it around in the hands and it provokes a yearning akin to spiritual rapture\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a yearning for more, for as much as one can get.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The folk of Meskalim devoted their lives to it. They followed the gold wherever it went, and it went everywhere, even under the city itself. At the peak of the frenzy a person could get drunk and lost between Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s three hills, then dig straight down, and likely as not they\u8217\'92d pop out into a tunnel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One day a miner slammed his pick into the wrong hairline crack. A jet of water shot out, and the waters of the Shalbrum sea flooded in. When the thinned bedrock fell, the golden city above fell with it. More than five hundred thousand people were swallowed up in the slush of earth, though the number grows larger with each retelling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Humans are redoubtable creatures when gold is at hand, so it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for the city to be rebuilt from scratch further south. Meskalim the second swelled anew, though it would never be as grand as the first, for whenever a nugget of gold was pulled from the ground it was stored in a dockside warehouse before being shipped across the sea or down and around to Jeket. Folks feared the earth might open up at any time to eat their treasures, so common sense demanded that the wealth would be better used elsewhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And so, for a thousand years, Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s temple was poor and its people poorer. Its streets weren\u8217\'92t laid out with any sense, much less paved, and these mucky avenues didn\u8217\'92t adhere to the natural contours of the land because when someone wanted to build a house they simply plopped it down wherever inspiration struck. And these houses were ugly things, shouldn\u8217\'92t be called houses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they were dwellings, crumpled slugs of mud, lumber, and straw with windowless walls all askew. There wasn\u8217\'92t a true roof beam in all the lower city. A horde of these things were smashed up against each other like one big deposit of mud that the Istil wind had just happened to blow together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stand the sight of it unless he was deep in a burgeon binge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unfortunately, he had to pace his beer because he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t afford to be so run through that he couldn\u8217\'92t walk. He had to feather the beer\u8217\'92s effect, take sips from his beer-skin every hundred staggered steps or so to keep himself bouncing off that point of no return. It was a dangerous game, taking off the edge in chunks, but it was one he was determined to play to avoid thinking. Primarily he was fleeing from the memory of that old witchy bitch\u8217\'92s bloody, haunting face. If he didn\u8217\'92t keep moving, she might pop out of the clouds and smash right through his belly like she\u8217\'92d done to Gil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The constant patter of a wispy rain was helping to keep him grounded. And, dare he think it, Meskalim looked somehow pretty in the gray light of a sun shining though rain clouds. But surely, this beauty was the work of the burgeons. Mandri had seen his reflection in a puddle, and his pupils were blown so wide that the smallest slight of light could get in there, bounce around, and blind him to all ugliness. Every surface sparkled. The falling rain dazzled. Even the cool muck welling up between his toes as he splashed along Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s streets was flecked with radiant light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The more Mandri drank, the more the burgeonsight played with light and wetness. It seemed as if the sparkling bits of light themselves were tangible, like he could get them glommed up in between his fingertips and lick them. Perhaps this oily celestial film that coated every surface was always there it took burgeonsight to see it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lingered in the middle of an empty crossroad, surrounded by some of the blobbiest mud-caked slums in all of Meskalim. Each roof was topped off with little nipple chimneys and there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a wooden door in sight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only rags hanging down to cover their lamplit, onion-smelling, fly-biting interiors. Mandrameen stood, motionless, back hunched, hair drenched, brown robe slipping off his shoulder, for he was struck dumb by the sight of his own hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He held it up and studied it. His own skin was sparkling. In the hollow of his palm was a pool of that starry substance. He tried to touch the little sparkles, tried to rub them off, but that was no good because his fingers were sparkling too. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t merely wetness, he was sure of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He licked his index finger and a heavenly sensation flooded into into his mouth. It was a tingling flavor that tasted like honey mixed with the vigor of youth. It tasted like the smell of a field of wildflowers. It tasted like apple-juice mixed with god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He squealed with delight. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He bent down and scraped up a dollop of mud with his finger, then licked it. Again, his mouth was flooded with the flavor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rushed over to the nearest mud-caked wall, where an awning protected some large clay pots from the rain. He knelt down and licked the handles, the rims, the bodies. Again he tasted that divine flavor. There was a little brown pup shivering behind one of these pots, and Mandri picked the little beast up by it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scruff and licked it, and it, too, tasted of heaven.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He dropped the pup and opened his mouth to the sky and tried to lick the air to check if the air itself was suffused with this substance. His tongue was caught mid-curl when a disgusted voice shot out of the rain, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get lost you freak!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri spun around, feet sliding in the mud. He raised his hands to defend himself, but there was no one there, nothing but glistening mounds of mud, soggy rags, and the sound of rain plunking off the broken clay pots that piled up in every nook and cranny.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see the Meskalimi eyes peeping out at him, but he could damn well feel them. These destitutes were hiding in their hovels of slop and they were judging him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Them}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  judging }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 him}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They could not see what he saw. Their dim-sighted eyes could only see a too-skinny young man standing in the muck, hackles raised, licking the air like a maniac.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do not see what I see!\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get lost!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri spun around again, trying to place the voice, then hissed when he realized there might be more than one of them speaking out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see Solraheen\u8217\'92s light!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93GET LOST!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri yelped and took off running.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ran and ran, following the road wherever it was going. He stopped when he realized that he was liable to slip and crack his skull. He also realized he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d dropped his beer-skin somewhere along the way. He thought about going back and trying to find it, but that wasn\u8217\'92t possible, because he didn\u8217\'92t know where he was and what paths he\u8217\'92d taken to get here. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is one way to orient oneself inside Meskalim\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 memorize all the faces of Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s central hill. The hill towered over the rumps and clumps of mud that was the city proper. The hill itself was studded with proper white buildings, each clinging to the hill like barnacles on a washed up corpse. These were the various offices of Hrkan government, as well as the mansions of the people who staffed them. It just so happened that when Mandri looked up at Meskalim\u8217\'92s hill, he was looking at the house of Salavan Soreen. As governor of Meskalim, Salavan\u8217\'92s house claimed a privileged vista at the top of the hill\u8217\'92s southern cliff face. Its wide balcony leered over the rest of the city below, and over Mandri, reminding him what he was supposed to be doing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He set off at a stuttering trot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Along the way he stole a knife, because who leaves a stout little knife laying outside in a bowl of kakanut shells? Someone who wants it stolen, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s who. Mandri simply complied. He also needed it more, so by divine right it was his. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He knotted the knife up in the folds of his robe that hung loose around his waist, and he found that if he bent forward a bit, then the bulge of the knife\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s handle would get lost amongst the folds. So he walked, stooping a little, all the way up Meskalim\u8217\'92s hill. It was hard trudging. His legs were completely out of wire when he came upon Salavan\u8217\'92s house. The damned thing was surrounded by a monstrous white wall. If he was going to kill Meskalim\u8217\'92s governor, he needed it to move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hated walls. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always believed that walls had gone too far beyond their original scope. The first walls were knee-high stacks of stones set out in pastures to mark boundaries between goat herds\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a pure and wholesome purpose. This wall, Salavan\u8217\'92s wall, was among the most perverse. It was huge, four-men tall, and its purpose was to stand there and look daunting so that poor people didn\u8217\'92t get any ideas. Most walls that big in a place as wet as Meskalim are streaked with black and yellow grime dripping to the street, but Salavan\u8217\'92s wall was pristine. Its plaster was as smooth and as white as the day it was slathered on. No doubt Salavan spent more money cleaning that wall than he spent on bread for widows and orphans, or for anything for anyone. That wall was more important than human life, more important than Mandri\u8217\'92s life. That wall\u8217\'92s raw materials could buy at least fifty Mandrameens. Its maintenance? At least five Mandris a year.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At least this wall was doing a job in keeping him out. Some walls on the lower rungs of Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hill couldn\u8217\'92t keep out a flying shit. They\u8217\'92re purely decorative. Imagine that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a decorative wall\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s not even trying to fend off the poors, all it's doing is letting them know they aren\u8217\'92t liked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood there in front of Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall like an idiot. The burgeonsight was warping all the little dimples and scratches and faint finger-drags that were imprinted there in the plaster. Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t shake the feeling that the wall was daring him, like a schoolyard bully, to just try to breach it and see what happens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a squared-out arch in the middle of this wall, and underneath this arch was an ironwood gate guarded by two thugs on either side. These brawny men were huddled close to the gate so as to squeeze themselves inside the narrow shelter of the arch. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t doing them much good. They were as sodden as Mandri. Like everything else, the burgeonsight was making them sparkle. That didn\u8217\'92t stop them from looking like demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the best of light, a Meskalimi thug\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face is an unsettling thing. A lifetime of trading violence for money fixes a man\u8217\'92s expression into a state of permanent concern, and once the brow and cheek gets slashed with scars, the whole thing takes on a look of putrefied misery. Blur that face a little with rain, twist it a little with burgeonsight, and now it\u8217\'92s a demon\u8217\'92s face that could bend the bravest spine. And that\u8217\'92s what Mandri saw when he looked at those two thugs guarding Salavan\u8217\'92s gate, he saw full-blooded demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And they had swords\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 short, street-wise swords clipped high up on the belt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri believed that his burgeonsight, waning though it was, revealed the truth and showed these \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91men\u8217\'92 for what they were\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 actual demons. They couldn\u8217\'92t be full-fledged demons, because such demons should be tasked with more important things than watching a gate. They would be greasing the feet of backsliding priests, or tricking young beauties into thinking that taking it up the bum doesn\u8217\'92t count.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It then occurred to Mandri that he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know why he was actually going through with all this. Ostensibly, he was here to placate the fury of a demon witch, but until this moment, standing in front of this stupid white wall, he hadn\u8217\'92t actually considered the possibility of not showing up. Pell had told him to go and see Salavan, and now here he was, seeing about Salavan. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fully in control of his own faculties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps Pell had puppeteered him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Or perhaps it was the burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of the demons peeked out from under the arch and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 scram, boy!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Git yous butt gawn,\u8221\'94 the other said. His vowels were as stubborn as a mule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do demons have regional accents?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It sounded like this demon grew up in a sun-slum near Iskabat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first demon had no doubt crawled out of a Jeketian gutter, for his lilt and swagger could only have come from someone steeped in the capital of the Hrkan world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri caught his wits and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here to see Salavan Soreen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The two demons looked at each other. A whispered word was shared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first of them asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The other asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatchu gawtta knife fur?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down and saw that he was gripping his knife so tight that his knuckles were white. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh...uh\u8230\'85sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demon from Iskabat pulled his short sword from its scabbard and he brandished it at Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cuhm an get dem feengahs cut.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stepped back and waved his hands in clear submission. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here because Pell sent me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pell sent you?\u8221\'94 the Jeketian demon asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Iskabati demon grunted and the Jeketian slouched back against the gate. Evidently, they had been expecting him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Iskabati waved his sword and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poop thuh lil\u8217\'92 hippy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Drop the knife,\u8221\'94 said the Jeketian.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you dumb? You\u8217\'92re not getting inside with a knife.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It seemed unwise to give up the knife. If Mandri handed it over and passed through the gate he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be ambling into the clutches of a Salavan without the means to defend himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Probably, he would die. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But what good was a Mandri wielded knife against a demon king?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d die with or without it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could run away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But where would he go? He would probably die in a gutter within a week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If there were alternative options, Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see them because burgeonsight has a rooting effect, it roots a person into the present, makes it hard to see into the future. There were an infinite number of possible paths his life\u8217\'92s direction could take, and presumably some of these didn\u8217\'92t lead to a quick death. Burgeonsight narrowed it down to just one\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 go through the gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some people say that this is why burgeons are bad for a person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark. They say that burgeons make people ignorant of the future and so they don\u8217\'92t plan for it, and the next thing that happens is a ruined life. Mandri would argue that everyone walks through life\u8217\'92s infinite possibilities with their eyes set on a narrow array of options, so if sober people are ignoring an effective infinity, what\u8217\'92s the harm in taking a burgeon to ignore a couple more? At least he wasn\u8217\'92t trying to build walls, those literal embodiments of the restriction of possibility. What\u8217\'92s worse than burgeons is building a wall and funneling only the \u8216\'91good\u8217\'92 things through the gate. These people are higher on fear than Mandri had ever been on burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He dropped the knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrkan demon opened the gate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cutout door and motioned Mandri in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The door clanged behind him, and a shiver ran through his spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s amazing how fast he could come to regret a decision.}}