{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and indeed it did. Batata won a grand sum for the discovery of the location of Kurbaku. That sum had been set by some early Hrkan Lord, with the intention of opening up trade with that fabled city flush with gold. When Batata found it, he said that Kurbaku was little more than a dump of mud brick huts. There was almost no gold, and even less hospitality. His revelation caused a stir amongst the scribes and merchants, and many didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe him, they didn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to believe him. He was under great professional pressure to admit he was lying, but yet again, he was proved true - Kurbaku was several centuries removed from it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden apogee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So why would Batata lie about Shis?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribal consensus surrounding his map of Shis was that Batata had made the map to scare common folk into virtue. They claimed that Batata was a scribe himself, and as such, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d dedicated himself to the furtherance of Solraheen\u8217\'92s kingdom, and scare tactics were common to scribes and priests of those ancient days. It was part of an Old Jandri creed, often written on the tombs of long-dead kings who didn\u8217\'92t have the Mazydai to keep the social order:}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  Justice without virtue is blind, virtue without terror is impotent}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . People have got to be scared or else they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll loosen their lips, loosen their hips, and start stabbing at anything that walks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s estimation was that this explanation of the map\u8217\'92s purpose was workable, but not reasonable. He thought Batata was, like himself, a man of integrity who put great care into his work, not the kind of person to let a spiritual scare tactic sully his more serious work. It\u8217\'92d be one thing to have fun aside, but in all of Batata\u8217\'92s serious maps which outlined Jandria\u8217\'92s true shape, there were always a few small dots creeping out in the void the Sand like spiders, each with a postscript saying, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Shiskason}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , or, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Entrance into Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These dots were so far out into the desert, and so far away from any road, that no rational person would try and verify their truth. Batata himself said that these dots were just approximations, and that he had only stumbled onto these \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93gashes in the earth\u8221\'94 by pure happenstance - as they\u8217\'92re not things that can be seen from a distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is one moth-eaten scroll where Batata accounts his descent into one of these \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91gashes\u8217\'92, and from this journey he gained the knowledge of Shis\u8217\'92s outlay. It is a poetic work, without much poetic value, as it was written in a mind-numbing meter which was the style for the more narrative works of the day. Even if half its lines weren\u8217\'92t eaten away, Mandri wouldn\u8217\'92t have , .Yet, there was one refrain, however, that stuck with him over the years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Batata recounted how he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been stumbling through the pitch black, torch in hand, and the first sing of Shis was a massive stone gate, tall and narrow, a horizontal mantelpiece supported by perfectly plumb and squared beams. Engraved into these pillars was a ancient creed, and hereafter Batata it became known as the creed of Schisol. It rhymes in Old Jandri, but written out in common, it reads:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Mandri who answered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not Shis,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93Like I said earlier, Shis is not a physical place. It is a spiritual one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet, who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been sitting across the fire, spoke for the first time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it is Shis,\u8221\'94 she said, voice growling. The crackle of the flames accented her speech, such that. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo was undeterred. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You call it Shis, sure, but that\u8217\'92s not what Mandri means when he says, \u8216\'91Shis\u8217\'92. What he is referring to, what the Hrkan world up above is referring to when they speak the name, is a place of spiritual torment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet pointed to the demon doors with a knobby finger. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shis,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93lies just beyond those slabs of stone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, a physical place, taken the namesake in fit of terror, but decidedly }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the place where Sparks are purified in flames.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So many books in Jeket and somehow you\u8217\'92re unlearned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have the source and its derivative the wrong way \u8216\'91round. This place is older than the sermons of Solitant priests. This place came first. This is the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Shis, and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not the Spark they tortured here, but flesh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This place is older than Solraheen Himself?\u8221\'94 Obo asked doubtfully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not older than Solraheen. Older than His religion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what that means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unsurprising. Your kind is new to this world, and not all knowledge is written on a tablet, or in a book. Most things, if you can believe it, are lost to the Sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Said out loud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are we doing here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb picked it up, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  doing here?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, come off it, Seb.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Seb said defensively, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just asking for some clarification. This isn\u8217\'92t a place for the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not going to leave him down here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s his purpose? He is no Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo was sat next to Mandri, resting against someone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back, and he spoke up in Mandri\u8217\'92s defense, saying, \u8220\'93Mandri is my legs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob snorted, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could carry you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t want you to carry me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I don\u8217\'92t like you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl laughed and Seb shook his head. Then he rubbed his hands then held them close to the flames. The fire was putting out enough light that Mandri could see his own breath come out as steam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said to Obo, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if Mandri dies? Then you won\u8217\'92t have a choice as to who carries you.\u8221\'94 There was an undeniable venom in the way Seb spoke of Mandri\u8217\'92s death. The man was dipping his toes in a threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If Mandri dies,\u8221\'94 Obo said, \u8220\'93then I\u8217\'92m going to kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb brows went cross and then he buried chin in his neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t say I was going to kill him. People die. That\u8217\'92s what we do. Especially down here, that\u8217\'92s what this place is made for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb eyed the doors and blew into his fists to warm them up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}