{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Oh, hello!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first sentence trips me, but only because my modern sensibility keeps trying bend \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91would be\u8217\'92 into a more familiar shape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I am in absolute love with the idea in the second sentence, that teleological approach to life. I find myself wanting to Philippe to explain to me the many other ways in which walnuts were meant to impose themselves upon the world. But alas, 300 words is tight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I agree with the other commentator on the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ten acres\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 sentence, though I might suggest you go further and delete the \u8216\'91comfortably\u8217\'92. That adverb doesn\u8217\'92t quite match the precision of the language in the rest of the piece\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93Ten acres of walnut trees fed him, the squirrels, and the woodpeckers. A modest inheritance supplied his other needs.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 > He rejoiced in their surprise, not because it confirmed his subtlety of palate, but because it signaled an advance in the general understanding of walnuts: that, like grapevines, they were not interchangeable. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, this bit is difficult, and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not fair to you, or to me, but goddamn it, AI has spoiled that \u8220\'93X, not because Y, but because Z\u8221\'94 construction. It\u8217\'92s not fair, I know. I only call it out to honor the implied agreement that I will share my full experience of the text. It happened. I later googled \u8216\'91unique properties of walnuts\u8217\'92, and horse crippling did not appear in the A.I. assisted search. Philippe is much needed in our time. Perhaps walnuts can do something about the LLMs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 >In time, his skin shriveled and tanned, and his hair fell out, until visitors remarked that his head resembled an unshelled walnut. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91until\u8217\'92 feels half-considered. It adds an ambiguous dimension of time, when it is already there at the beginning of the sentence (\u8220\'93In time\u8221\'94).  Perhaps try something with a little more action? \u8220\'93\u8230\'85,leading visitors to remark\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ultimately, I enjoyed this very much.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man, obsessed with realizing the properties of walnuts, becomes a walnut. He died young, and his body was not found, despite keeling over on his own property. Presumably, he sprouted into a tree.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What does it mean? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is one of those situations where I would feel embarrassed to throw my hat in the ring. Maybe it means nothing but what it is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}