{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Approximately 4.3 billion years ago, the first cells are thought to have arisen, probably with RNA as an essential catalytic role and later as a self-replicating molecule. The basic integrity of a cell is the formation of a cell membrane, composed of lipid bilayers. As these can form spontaneously, they could have surrounded early RNA molecules. Their continued presence may have been promoted through mutation of the RNA, which would have been passed on to succeeding generations through self-replication. This basic system does have significant disadvantages because a mistake made in the replication of RNA would immediately have an effect not only on the replication of the genetic material but also on the ability to act as a catalyst\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 largely, it may be assumed, in a detrimental manner. The separate of the self-replicating machinery from the enzymes they encode would have resulted in far fewer abortive stages. Consequently, we must assume that DNA largely took over the role of the carrier for the self-replicating genes and proteins of the enzymes that they eventually encoded. RNA merely remained as the messenger that carried the instructions from DNA to the formation of the proteins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\line \line The common view is that prokaryotic cells, such as bacteria, and eukaryotic cells, such as those that comprise our bodies, had a common ancestor. The last universal common ancestor (LUCA), or cenancestor, is considered to be the most recent ancestor of all life on earth and possibly was living some 3.5 billion years ago. It is thought to have been a prokaryotic, single-celled organism possible similar to simple bacteria found today. By this time, it has been concluded that the genetic code must have become DNA rather than RNA, and that catalysts had become true enzymes (proteins) composed of the 20 amino acids. Furthermore, the machinery for dividing the DNA, maintaining its integrity, and expressing the genes through RNA was already established. \line \line These bacteria would have been exclusively anaerobic; they did not respire oxygen s there was little or no available oxygen in the atmosphere at the time. These bacteria could produce energy from the available nutrients but this was an extremely inefficient process. About 3.2 billion years ago, photosynthetic bacteria, or cyanobacteria, first emerged.  These bacteria could use energy from the sun to make sugars ,which were used for further metabolism. The by-product of this photosynthesis was oxygen, which began to accumulate in the atmosphere. Oxygen is toxic to many cells, particularly the early anaerobic bacteria, which probably started to decline. About 2.5 billion years ago, the fossil record shows that aerobic bacteria emerged, able to use the newly available oxygen to convert sugars into energy, usually in the form of ATP. The use of oxygen vastly increased the energy obtained form a single sugar molecule, and these bacteria soon predominated.\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The early bacteria emerged approximately 1.5 billion years after the creation of the planet. For the next three billion years, bacteria were probably the planet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sole living inhabitants\u8230\'85Approximately one billion years ago, however, the numbers of these bacterial colonies in the fossil record began to fall and this could be evidence that bacteria hd become the source of food for some other life form. }}