{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Roderick Chisholm in his Theory of Knowledge details The Problem of the Criterion with two sets of questions, which I will state as such:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) What do we know?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) What is the criterion used for determining what we know?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As summed up by Kevin McCain, it seems that before we can determine what we know, we must first have criterion for distinguishing cases of knowledge from cases that are not knowledge. Yet, it seems that before we can determine the appropriate criterion of knowledge we must first know which particular instances are in fact knowledge. So, we seem to be stuck going around a circle without any way of getting our epistemological theorizing started. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In framing the problem as a pair of questions, we have thus framed the potential solutions. There is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 particularism, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 which assumes an answer to (1), and uses that to answer (2), and there is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 methodism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , which assumes an answer to (2) and uses that to answer (1). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chisholm points out that both particularism and methodism have, as their starting point, assumed the truth of their conclusions. The particularist claims, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91these propositions are true because they are true\u8217\'92, whereas the methodist claims, \u8216\'91these criterion are good because they lead to true propositions\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 McCain points out that if the particularist goes beyond their set of assumptions, and begins to provide reasons for accepting them, they abandon that particularist response and either pick a new set of particular propositions to assume (a new particularist response) or pick something other than simply a new set of only particular propositions to assume and ceases to be a particularist. The particularist cannot offer reasons for particularism beyond the unfounded assumption of a set of particular propositions. By simply assuming an answer to (1), the particularist begs the question.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The most common place you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll find people falling into this trap of particularism is in the Christian evangelical community. They claim that the bible is the inerrant word of God. This word of God then becomes the criterion for determining all truth propositions. When faced with arguments that counter their initial assumption, they begin to develop reasons for believing that the bible is the inerrant word of god. That is, they abandon their particularist foundation and become methodists (weslyan sense not included). They slip into arguing that the bible is the inerrant word of God }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 because it meets certain criterion}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ; e.g. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91fulfilled prophecy tells us its the word of god\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91God promised he would preserve his word, therefore\u8230\'85\u8217\'92, or in support for KJV over other translations, \u8216\'91The King James Bible has been used by God far more than any of these other translations, therefore it is the true word of god.\u8221\'94 But how do they know that these criterion are \u8216\'91good\u8217\'92 criterion that necessarily lead to true propositions? They have unwittingly stumbled into the fault of the methodist approach, as the methodist must assume the usefulness of its criterion for determining true propositions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Most disagreements in our modern world come down to particularists and methodists pointing out the unfounded assumptions that the other side is making. A theist assumes the truth of God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s existence, whereas the atheist assumes the value of rational inquiry in discovering truth of existence. The tension between these two views is the foundation for all of western civilization, its two pillars being Jerusalem and Athens. The god-fearing traditions which developed out of Judaism and Christianity are in direct conflict with the man-empowering traditions which developed out of Greek philosophy. In other words, theism begins with knowledge revealed, atheism begins with knowledge discovered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Attempts have been made to reconcile the traditions of Jerusalem and Athens. Thomas Aquinas was a methodist - he argued that reason applied to the natural world can lead to many true propositions, but he was also a particularist - he argued that reason is limited, and so it cannot lead to *all* true propositions. For everything else, knowledge must be handed down through scripture.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Others have attempted to solve The Problem by denying the dichotomy  presented here. Some, such as Paul Moser, employ explanatory reasoning. Here, one starts with a set of data (beliefs, intuitions, etc.) and makes revisions to that set\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 giving up some of the data, adding new data to the set, giving more/less weight to some of the data, and so on\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so as to create the best explanatory picture overall.  Reaching this equilibrium state of maximized explanatory coherence of the remaining data is thought to make accepting whatever data remains, whether this includes any of one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s initial data or not, reasonable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 McCain gives a critique of Moser\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view. It is a form of particularism with extra steps. Instead of beginning with assuming a dogmatic truth proposition, it begins with a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 revisable}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  truth proposition. But the fact that this truth proposition is revisable does little to divorce it from the criterion used to establish it as a truth proposition in the first place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This leads to an expansion upon Moser\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view, which is called \u8216\'91coherentism\u8217\'92. Coherentism responds to the Problem of the Criterion by starting with both beliefs about which propositions are true and beliefs about the correct method or methods for telling which beliefs are true.  It then uses these beliefs to attempt to answer both (1) and (2) at the same time (DePaul 1988 & 2009, Cling 1994, and Poston 2011). As Andrew Cling (1994, 274) explains:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 >To be a coherentist is to reject the epistemic priority of beliefs and criteria of truth. Instead, coherentists recommend balancing beliefs against criteria and criteria against beliefs until they all form a consistent, mutually supporting system.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To put it in simpler terms, the coherentist attempts to cut through the issue of which came first\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 knowledge, or the criteria for determining knowledge\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  by claiming that they come about at the same time. As Nicholas Rescher claims, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93only when all the pieces fit together\u8221\'94 do we have justification for the criterion }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 and}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  for the truth claim. Coherence is central to this process. Propositions are justified at the same time as their criterion because of the coherent picture they present together. But that final \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91because\u8217\'92 is tricky. It would seem that this final view is simply assuming \u8216\'91coherence\u8217\'92 to be a criterion of truth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It is akin to the question, which came first, the chicken or the egg? The answer is: neither. The question has semantic sense, but it is a fundamental misapprehension of what is going on in reality - because the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91true\u8217\'92 answer is to say - a self-replicating chemistry in a pre-biotic soup.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Which came first, the criterion for the proposition (the egg), or the proposition (the chicken)?}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 This interpretation is correct if you assume chicken eggs are specified. If, instead, we consider Eggs in general, these go back at least to jawless fish, perhaps 500M years age, while the lineage of the wild ancestor of domestic chickens emerges perhaps 20M years ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Forget semantics about protochickens. The egg came first by a factor of 25x.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epistemology"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 epistemology}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , the\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 M\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u252\'FCnchhausen trilemma}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thought_experiment"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 thought experiment}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~intended to demonstrate the theoretical impossibility of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_(truth)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 proving}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~any\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Truth"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 truth}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , even in the fields of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logic"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 logic}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathematics"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 mathematics}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , without appealing to accepted\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Axiom"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 assumptions}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . If it is asked how any given\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proposition"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 proposition}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is known to be true, proof in support of that proposition may be provided. Yet that same question can be asked of that supporting proof, and any subsequent supporting proof. The M\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u252\'FCnchhausen trilemma is that there are only three ways of completing a proof:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 The\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circular_reasoning"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 circular argument}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , in which the proof of some proposition presupposes the truth of that very proposition}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 The\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_regress"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 regressive argument}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , in which each proof requires a further proof,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_infinitum"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ad infinitum}}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 The\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foundationalism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 dogmatic argument}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , which rests on accepted precepts which are merely asserted rather than defended}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 All justifications in pursuit of "certain" knowledge have also to justify the means of their justification and doing so they have to justify anew the means of their justification. Therefore, there can be no end, only the hopeless situation of infinite regression.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 A circular argument can be used to justify by its mock impression of validity and soundness, but this sacrifices its usefulness (as the conclusion and premise are one and the same, no advancement in knowledge has taken place).}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 One can stop at self-evidence or common sense or fundamental principles or speaking\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ex_cathedra"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ex cathedra}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~or at any other evidence, but in doing so, the intention to install 'certain' justification is abandoned.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To not , the original scriptures are inerrant, and in so far as the bible we have accurately reflects that original, then we have an inerrant bible.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This leads to a third position, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 skepticism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , which argues that . But skepticism does not resolve the Problem, because it, too, assumes the truth of its conclusion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps a better formulation of the Problem is to ask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is the relationship between true propositions and the method for determining those true propositions?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) Language games and toy models.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - different definitions of species.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Anselm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ontological argument for god. Defining things into existence. The dangers of thinking that the rules of the model of language correspond to reality}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) Model of Models}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -self referential. This model is itself a model.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - what essential feature is it trying to capture?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - the intellect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - what is it idealizing away?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) The interiority of the model.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - The ontology of the intellect reduces into the ontology of modelling, which reduces into ontology of neural patterning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - it is an inherited algorithm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab -expand}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab -dorsal light response.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) The unreasonable effectiveness of science. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Datum}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Which came first, thought or word? Desire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solving basic physics problem requries no words. Does it require thought? The fluffiness of this boundary is a philosophical problem, which is a boundary problem, which is an irrelevant problem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Brain logic circuitry which solves language problems is the same that solves physics problems.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dorsal light response}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Automatically turn back to the light.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}