{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Namib-Naukluft park\\}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soussusvlei is the single key attraction in the park, rivalled only by Etosha for the number of visitors.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How small a tree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  looks like a tiny dust mote next to a dune.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Linear oases\u8217\'92 of ephemeral rivers to ease their passage through the desert to the coast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While diamonds are still found, uranium is the new focus.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the enticements the namib exhibits to visitors is the small flying saucer beetles emerging on the dune surface in the pre-dawn to construct fog-capturing ridges. Hundreds of them can be seen on a single dune slipface, all parallel to eachother and perpindicular to the fog bearing wind. Cold, stiff, longlegged but flightless bettles poised on the dune crest face the fog-bearing winds while using their bodies to incercept the moisture. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the same afternoon, a white-lady spider turns over to form a ball and rolls down the dune sllpe, successfully escaping the large black wasp that has excaated her from her slilk-lined trapdoor nest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hard-gravel plain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shipwrecks on a waterless, forbidden shore.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fossil watercourse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Huge ass game reserve.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gobabeb}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gondwana}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P.22 - hunting circle in schists.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stone circle, shell midden}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The !nara fruit. This may have provided a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91portable food\u8217\'92 that allowed people to travel along the coast, into the dunes and as far awaay as the western escarpment, where !nara seeds have been found in rock shelters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When a year old goat is eaten, the distal end of the humerus will be fully ossified and non-chewable, while the proximal end remains chewable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Makapan}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Makapansgat}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haigamkab- nama language - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91place of abundant cold water\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the Namib would be arid without the benguela, it wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t experience the hyper-aridity, extensive gypsum plains, frewquent fogs and great diversity of life with which we are familiar. A unique climate and the dynamic interface between land and sea set the stage for the myriad interactions of geology, climate, plants and animals that comprise the namib landscape}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The benguela is one of four major eastern ocean ocurrents dominated by a wind-driven upwelling system\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85the cold, nutrient-rich upwelling supports a large biomass fo plankton and fish, the plankton , settling on the ocean floor and decomposing without oxygen, provides the sulphur that has slowly built up the coastal gypsum plains and the occasional sulphur eruptino that causes havoc along the shore and a distinctive smell on land.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The namib desert would not be the hyper-arid place it is without the codl upwelling fo the benguela\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85the situation is brought about by a combination of global air circulation ,the location of the namib on the rain-shadow side of the african subcontinent, and currents in the coeans surrounding the southern part of the continent, particularly the cold b3enguela}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rippled crest. Smoking dune.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Winds bring dust, heat, and flies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The difference in temperature between warm land (low air pressure)_ and cold sea (higher presusre) sets up a pressure gradient that is suffficient in itself to cause a breeze that blows from the sea on to the land. Due to the truning effect of corioolis force, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Winds blowing from the north-west gbegin in the late afternoon and continue into the nitght. These dominate in summer. Plains-to-mountains winds, blwoing as a result of the thermal gradient between the cool western part of the desert and the hotter interior areas. At the same time they often bring fog.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In winter the influence of the south atlantic anticyclone weakens and teh south african anticyclone centered over the sub-continetn becomes more improtant. Hence the southerly winds are weak and are replaced by easterly to north-easterly winds. Souteh easterly down valley and mountain to plain winds also occur in winter, associated with drainage of cool air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Windy - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the flies, driven in for shelter, rendered the house almost untenable\u8217\'92..}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Today the east wind is sometimes judged by how many of the dashed white stripes in the middle of the road can be seen\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  only one or two means a really bad wind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because there are dry layers of air far above the ground, the intensity of many of the individual showers is limited; when promising clouds penetrate these dry layers, much of their moisture is absorbed and never falls as rain. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fog produces five times as much moisture as rain in the central namib. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two types of fog. Within 15km of the coast, advective fog at less than 200 meteres high is borne inland on south-westerly winds, often arriving in teh afternoon. Such fog forms when humid air cross es the cold benguela and results in moderate precipitiation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Intercepted, low stratus and strato-cumuls cloud is known as high fog, which forms about 100 -600 meters below a strong inversion layer. Can extend inland as far as the escarpment. Can be brackish, depending on how long the fog screen has been exposed to dust and wind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wheeling, screaming, diving terns.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whether being sand-blasted, enduring salt spray, clothed in fog, having ground disappearing under their feet, or oconversly being buried under piles of sand in other places, coastal plants endure a harsh life along the namib coast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plaants in the namib desert very clearly respond to this coast-inland gradient. As you move away from teh coast, the vegetation changes from widely, but regularly spaced shrubs, which rely mainly on moisture provided by fog, to barren, open areas supporting short-lived grassland and herbs after good rains, to widely scattered shrubs and tress at the foot of the escarpment where higher rainfall starts supporting savannah vegetation. If you observe these patterns and measure the distance from the coast when driving \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Special to the namib are the gypsum plains, which are continuously being created by the interaction of sulphur of marine origin depositid on calcium-rich soil. Lichens\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a combination of algae and fungi usually lacking common nanmes,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  occur on the central namibs gypsum crusts in numbers and diversity unrivalled in any other place on earth. Lichen fields}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Intricately-branched namib lichens almost resemble corals, such as the dominatn orange-coloured bushy species Teloschistes capensis. Others resemble old, dried leaves, like the wind-blown xanthomaculina convoluta, which is not connected to the ground and usually collects in depressions and drainage channels. In contrast to dune plants adapted to mobiel sand, lichens grow extremely slowly and henceforth require a stable substrate, yet, in turn, they further stabilise the surfae and prevent erosion of the soil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The filigree of shallow watercourses which dissects many coastal plains often supports denser stands of plains vegetation. Pencil bush and dollar bush are found in great numbers here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus the wide, expansive plains offer a pageant of subtly coloured landscapes, changing through each day and from season to season. The plains with their intruding inselbergs host a real m of plants and animals which, each in its own wayu, show the abundance of life in teh desert and the intriguing ways they have of coping with the hard conditions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The surface rises gently, almost imperceptibly, from the coast to the base of the escarpment at about a thousand-meter elevation., an average inclination of 1degree.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Namib Uncomfority Surface}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The plains can be regarded as a pedi-plain, formed by a retreat of the escarpment and consisting of the products of that erosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Due to the slow rate of weathering of rocks and decomposition of organic matter on the Namib plains, soil formation is weak and slow. It is no surprise then, that Namib soils are generally thin, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91raw\u8217\'92 in the sense of not being broken down very much form their parent material, often being coars adn gravelly, and low in nutrients,. Even so, namib soils are still invaluable for their role iof providing the home in which arid-adapted plants grow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The surface of many desert soils is stabilised by a crust. This layer may comprise stones and pebbles that form a desert pavement of quartz, feldspar, rock fragments and coars e sand sitting on top of finer material. In many places the stones are sandblasted and polished by the wind, developing a striking varnish due to the presence of iron and manganese oxides. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soils with salt cursts are a strictly coastal feature in the Namib. THey form locally in depressions without drainage or in small valleys where water, supplied by underground seepage, evaporates, leaving its preciptate of salt at the surface. These pans are not pure white like pans in the interior, such as Etosha. They usually have a dirty surface made up of dust, sand and salt, buckeld into shards and crusts as the salt crystals have grown. Over time this may build up into a considerable layer that appears to be firm, but if broken through by a heavy weight(such as a car), it reveals a sludge from which the car will probably have to be towed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soils with gypsum crusts and gypsum cemented gravel and sand are found within about 60 km of the coast, coinciding with the zone of regular occurrence of fog. This area is home to one of Africa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s most extensive accumulations of gypsum. At the coast the gypsum crusts form a continuous cover up to four meters thick, and they become thinner indland, ocurrign only in small patches at the eastern limits. Thie crust usually consists of highly cemented gypsum crystals, growing either as tiny crystals or in the more conspicuous \u8216\'91desert rose\u8217\'92 form, lying beneath non-gypsic sediment. Gypsum soils have a spongy, highly porous structure, which explains the hollow sound of your footfalls when walking over these areas near the coast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Controversy over origin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The close association of they gypsum with the coast was originally attributed to eruption of hydrogen sulphide gas from the atlantic sea floor. It is not uncommon for the air in walvis bay and swakopmund to smell sulphurous (like rotten eggs), the result of natural eruptions of gas from decomposing ooze on the sea floor. The theory was that this gas dissolved into fog water, it formed weak sulphuric acid, which would react with calcium carbonate in the soil to form gypsum, a calcium sulphate mineral.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Recent work using chemical isotopes has shown that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91rotten egg\u8217\'92 hydrogen sulphide from the saea cannot account for the widespread accumulation of gypsum. Namib fog is actually very pure and is not the source of the sulphur. But the link is still very much with the productive benguela current. Apparently sulphur is introduced into the system as atmospheric sulphate, which is produced in quantity by marine phytoplankton. Itis deposited on the desert surface, filters into the soil with fog and rain, and causes the alteration of the carbonate in the soil. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A characteristic of the gypsum soils is the way they sometimes form \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91olygonal\u8217\'92 structures. These are most obvious after rainfall when differetnial grass growth reveals the boundariss of these polygons. The tentative explanation for these polygons is that they are the result of expansion and contraction of the gypsum in the soil, a process similar to the freezing and thawing of the tundra near the arctic circle. With the addition of water to the soil after a rainshower, the gypsum expands. As the soild dries, the gypsum contracts, often along lines that deliniate the polygons. As a result, after a rainshower the germinating grass may respond in several ways. If the polygon is defined by relatively narrow cracks in teh soil, the grass will find more moisture in these cracks and clearly outline the polygon. If the surrounding spaces between the gypsum plates are broader, the moisture will quickly penetrate into the soil and become unavailable to the germinating grasses. The result is two parallel rows of grass next to the edges of the polygon plates with bare soil in teh broad centre of the cracks. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lichens are not true plants, but form as the result of a beneficial association between fungi and algae, the fungus forming the body (called the thallus) and the attachment to the substrate, and the algal compontent doing the photosynthectic work. Lichens grow where there is a combination of light and high humidity, the light to provide the energy for photosynthesis, and the moisture to keep both partners hyudrated. Coastal fog desert.in the presence of fog, a lichen can increase its water content by more than 150% from dry to satureated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 The lichen then enters a state of \u8216\'91latent life\u8217\'92, dehydrated and inert until there is moisture in the air again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Teloschitstes, known as a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91fruticose\u8217\'92 lichen, forms cushhion-like tufts 3-10 centimeters high that are loosely connected to teh ground. Its branches give rise to many small thin hairs that enlarge the surface, probably facilitating the uptake of fog water. Other crustose kinds foudn covering the surface of pebbles are Xanthorea, and there are unattached, vagrant species such as xanthomaculina convoluta, usually found in mats where it accumulates in deprssions sheltered from the wind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corkwood tree - in the rock.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Calcrete plains}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is only possible because the pencil bush absorbs fog and stores it in its stems and roots. When it first germinates, many roots develop as with most other woody shrubs. But after several years it seems that most of the root hairs and smaller roots die off as the gypsum soil remains dry and only th emain root remains. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In contrast, calicorema grwoing on teh calcrete plains to the east does not flower all year long but only during hte rainy season. Seeds that are shed one year remain viable until the next.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Welwitschia mirabilis}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The icionic plant of the namib and namibia. It is a theme used on the surround walls of the new namibian state ouse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Calcrete crusts are a feature of the soils further insland in the eastern part of the central namib and pro-namib. They have a less controversial origna than the gypsum crusts and simply represent a moister periof of in situ formation of calcrete and calcareous soil. This results from atmoshperic precipitation of calccium carbonate in a dry setting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grass growth on these calcrete plains is always a wondrous experience. Precipitation oin a good year in the central namib is considered to be anything over 20 millimetres. The effect of this rain is to produce short-lived grasslands. During dry times, the vegetation on the gravel plains is restricted to a few hardy perennail plants that grow mostly in dry washes. Grass cover from previous years may be reduced to zero before the next rain-fall, leaving no clumps or litter on the windswept ground surface.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scorpions are highly successful in desert habitats. They have a very low metabolic rate, and are able to eat large quantities of food at one time. The mesosoma or \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91abdomen\u8217\'92 simply distends greatly according tot he size of the meal it catches. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 12 monts of starvation in some species. Time minimzers. Spend 95% of time in their burrow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ariadna is yet another namib speciality. A spider. If you look closely at the ground, sweeping your eyes methodically over an area of namib gravel plain very slowly, there is a good chance you will find an entrance of an ariadna burrow. Its a tiny tunnel in the ground no more than two or three millimeteres in idameter, but what makes it noticable is the tidy pattern of quartz grains that surround it like the petals of a daisy. While other ariadna species construct stone circles around their burros, they are more usually composed of several layers of stones. S}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The barking geckos, of the genus ptenopus, have a loud and distinctive call, similar to the noise produced by tapping two pebbles together in quick succession. The three species can all be heard at goabeb and elswhere on warm calm evenings, especially when it is humid. Only the males cally, lying at the entrance of their burrows. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Birds that are independent of drinking water must take in moisture in their food or must be able to create it from their own metabolic processes. Reducing loss of water is therefore critical. Like reptiles birds excrete nitrogenous waste in teh form of uric acid, the white paste in a bird\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s faeces, thus reducing the amount of water that is expelled. Moisture is also lost when water is used for evaporattive cooling, and birds use a process called gular flutter when heat stressed. The floor of the mouth iand throat are pulsated rapidly, pumping air to and fro over the wet surface to create a cooling effect with relatively little expenditure of energy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Namaqua sandgrouse - feed on grass seeds as long as there is sufficient rain. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The eggs are laid in a scrape on the bare surface.she partly spreads her wings, raises the feathers on her back, and orientates her body either to face into a breeze or to expose her body to teh least direct radiation - she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cooling}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ludwig\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bustard. They have been noted in teh sand dunes of the namib gorging on tenebrionid beetles when their populations rise after good rains.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ruppell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s korhaan, the \u8216\'91namib frog\u8217\'92. Strange, frog-like croaking duets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In fact, the large size of the ostrich is an advantage, as the body has a comparatively smaller surface area exposed to the heat than does a small body with a large surfact-to-volume ratio. The large, loosely arranged feathers are manipulated so that, whin it is hot, they are held erect to give shade to the body and allow movement of air close to teh surface of teh skin. At the same time the wings are drooped and the body is orientated relative tot he sun so that the bare skin of the thorax and thighs is also shaded yet open to be cooled by the slightest breeze. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On cold nights they face the opposite problem. Now they flatten the feathers on the back to trap an insulating layer of air. They huddle down tot hte ground, with legs tucked underneath them and any bare skin well covered. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When looking at the faeces of ostriches, you can discern the state of hydration of the bird when the faeces were excreted. The birds tolerate saline water, and can withstand a loss of one quarter of their body weight during dehydration. Selectively graze plants with a high water content. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The quick response of ostriches to rain in the namib is well known. They are always the first large animals to converge on a new patch of greenery, and congregations of 100 or 200 birds can be seen, usually in late summer, markingj the limits of an isolated fall of rain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MOuntains}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rugged mountains of the Naukluft form an imposing eastern edge to the coastal plain of the central Namib.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mountains are heavily dissected,. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seen from afar the mountain is surprising ly flat topped and plateau-like, constituting a protion fo the great western escarpment that runs paralllel to the namib desert.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dolomites, limestone, and wshale dominate the mountain, with minor snadstones, conglomerates and tillites that are important for stratigraphic correlation.  The dolomites nad limestones are karstified and, although no large caves are knmown, pools of water emanating from the rocks are abundant, providing sustenance to a wide variety of animals resident ont eh mountain. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 High biodiversity\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85deep weathering features that act as refuges for flora and fauna.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 570 million years ago. At tath time the Congo and Kalahari cratons (continental cores) converged with near simultaneous collision of another craton from the west. Prior to the convergence of the cratons, deep sedimentary basins separated them. As they collided, the sediments that had accumulated in these basins were squashed and crumpled to form a majro-fold mountain belt that marked the suture zone.  This was accompanied by over-thrusting fo the rock pile south-westwards. Initially the rocks were thrust one on top of the other in whatis called a nappe complex. If you push a tablecloth from one side, the rumpling of the cloth over the sheet in front in multiple folds is analgous to what happened. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Glaciers are the most pwerful erosive forces on earth and itis probable that the ruggedly fold-ed mountain tops were flattened by continental glaciers, giving the naukluft its high plain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 White streak indicating a spring. Mega-tufas. Blasskranz mega=tufa}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spoor- track or scent of an animal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elephant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot bush - looks like a leg.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}