{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MOVE TO CONVO WITH OFFICER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You see, artists make the best divine instruments because of how practiced they are at suppressing themselves. Every time you paint you must look at the painting as if you weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t involved, as if you are completely oblivious to all the meaning you\u8217\'92ve nestled inside every brushstroke. You must do this because you wish to know how the painting will move on someone who is not you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She tried to spit all this black thought out of her cheek. This was all the work of expectations. These damned expectations were why it was worse to be the ambusher than the ambushee. Merchants in the Sand might be expecting to encounter some gang of hard-up outland pokes, but surely they expected to live through it or they never would have set out in the first place. When death comes, it comes as a surprise for them. Their dread is short lived. It wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be close to what Seb was going through. Yes, those people were lucky they died so quick.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But maybe not, because it might be true that the only thing that matters in life is what the mind is like at the exact moment of death. When the Spark drops out of time, who knows, those last thoughts might be crystallized for all eternity. That means that if one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s last moment is agony, then it\u8217\'92s agony forever. Get lucky and it's a deep sleep. Get unlucky, get ambushed in the desert and a sharpened point of iron finds the forehead and scratches the brain, that look of shock and surprise can get fixed on the skull. Sometimes it sets hard as stone. There\u8217\'92s not much comfort in the fact that these terrified faces eventually get wiped away when some gummy mouthed, flat faced lizard waddles in and chews it up, because by that point the Spark is already good and gone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Seb knew it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about luck. Who lived and who died was all part of the divine plan. but \u8216\'91luck\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91bad luck\u8217\'92 were just words describing the same thing. Ultimately it didn\u8217\'92t matter what she called it, she worried about it all the same.}}