{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Solitant priest hears the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91white\u8217\'92 and thinks of the pure white glow of the god named Solraheen. Hrkan folk hear \u8216\'91white\u8217\'92 and think of the plain and stainless robes of Hrkan Lordship. Outland pokes hear \u8216\'91white\u8217\'92 and think of sun-bleached bones. As it is with white, so it is with words, they mean different things to different people. It is some wonder then, that Solraheen would choose to use a word to create the world. He dwelt in the void, spoke one word, the world emerged, and people haven\u8217\'92t stopped arguing about the meaning of it all ever since.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One might be led to believe that Solraheen chose to create with a malleable word because He wanted to play with what He meant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But this is false, or so the Solitants claim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Words are fixed, or at least they were.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91art\u8217\'92, for example, originally had a clear meaning. Back when Solraheen walked the earth an artwork was nothing less than a divine message given physical form. Then evil came into the world, twisted the tongues of men, and now the heresy of art as a means of personal expression pollutes the minds of many.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An old Solitant sermon titled \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Art as Exegetical Instrument\u8217\'92 extracts the truth of the matter through interrogation:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is art?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who is an artist?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A painter, a sculptor, these are artists, yes, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reasonable to say, but what about a tax collector? Is he an artist too if he plumbs the depths of greed? Is a sheep-shearer plying her shears an artist if she\u8217\'92s sufficiently clever about it? What about a farmer? Give a young man a shovel, a field of dirt, friends to impress, and what does he do? The priest leaves the derivation of the answer as an exercise to the audience. For the prude, the answer is a penis. The average Jandri boy will find it funny to dig a big old ugly in the dirt. He laughs because it doubles as a drainage ditch. And to place such degeneracy in the same category as the cloud of colored windows which open up the ceiling of the Gambagall\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well! That is an affront to the sacred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two days ago, Vigram heard a variation of this sermon. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t normally go into the temple, because that meant he\u8217\'92d have to listen to someone else speak, but he\u8217\'92d gone, and so young Mandrameen was forced to deal with the consequences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Burly, broad-faced Vigram, with a gleaming scalp and belly beard, smacked his rich breakfast table with a fat hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Solitants are right!\u8221\'94 Vigram roared. \u8220\'93If everyone is an artist, then the word is as useful as an unmarked weight!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram clutched his bearded jaw and winced. The food on his table did not accommodate his toothache. This was his leech farm, after all, so every dish\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s principal ingredient was some variation of the Meskalimi leech. This particular leech was a prized delicacy throughout the Hrkan world. Its essence was said to cure infertility, and somehow, fertility, too. The meat, if it can be called meat, was quite sweet. It was also uncomfortably chewy. Every bite forced Vigram\u8217\'92s tongue into acrobatics. Two bites in, it slipped, and the pain had him talking out the side of his cheek in an odd drawl. To Mandri\u8217\'92s ear, it hurt to hear the man speak, in more ways than one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not choose a different word?\u8221\'94 Mandri suggested. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because words must have walls,\u8221\'94 Vigram said as he pushed his plate away. \u8220\'93The true artist, I say this, the true artist is a divine instrument. They must be kept apart from the self-skinny horde.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri chowed down on the cold, crumbled chunks of what he supposed was boiled leech. It was quite bitter on account of the overpowering sauce, but actively trying to suppress a gag helped keep him from speaking his mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, getting excited, \u8220\'93the Old Jandri word for \u8216\'91artist\u8217\'92 is lost to time, but there is a word in what\u8217\'92s left of that language fit for the task\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Bursheg. It means something like \u8216\'91fertile ground\u8217\'92, but in the Solitant tradition it means \u8216\'91true artist\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting,\u8221\'94 Mandri lied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you what\u8217\'92s interesting. The old witch who gave that sermon, she said that art has nothing to do with what a person makes. Have you ever heard that? I didn\u8217\'92t understand it at first, but you know, it\u8217\'92s true. True artistry, consider this, true artistry is a state of mind. Some of the greatest artists never made anything at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stuffed his mouth with a breadroll in a vain attempt to stifle himself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was under the impression,\u8221\'94 he said as he worked the roll into his cheek, \u8220\'93that an artist makes art.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram frowned and tutted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody makes anything,\u8221\'94 he insisted. \u8220\'93We can only ever rearrange. When you paint, you push pigment around. How is that any different than my footprints rearranging sand? No, either everyone is an artist, or, and this is my claim, an artist is a certain kind}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 person. A certain kind of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 mind}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . You know, too many big ideas, too many shallow excuses, that sort of thing. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a mind marked by excess\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not abundance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 excess}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram smiled. The fat swerve of his bottom lip looked like a baited hook had snagged his tawny beard. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So exaggerated is the artist\u8217\'92s sense of self that it becomes impossible to describe them without resorting to sarcasm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re still looking at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is no one else here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two slaves stood at attention by the kitchen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s double-swing doors. Vigram\u8217\'92s blindness to their existence was cruel, but this did not dismantle his point, as Mandri did think highly of himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t he?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he was ten, he could paint a portrait in oils that rivaled the old Jeketian masters. These weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t polish-jobs where the paint was thin and every hair was rendered into being like he\u8217\'92d lost the plot of reality. By his hand, a single stroke of umber was enough to define the chestnut skin, the high-arched cheek, the skull underneath, the light, the shadow, even the mood of the piece. Warms and cools in one single stroke! With twenty-four, he could find a vivid likeness. There might be a few extra nibbles to make a beauty\u8217\'92s eyes glisten and her cleavage heave, but nobody counted those. Well, Vigram counted them. Lascivious men counted them. Probably, every man counted them. Some women, presumably.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And like any prideful artist, Mandri would strut around the grand Hrkan galleries and make clear his contempt for his contemporaries. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stand in front of a painting and say, \u8220\'93This piece really moves me,\u8221\'94 and he\u8217\'92d make a show of walking away. All must bear witness to his mop of black hair as it flounced itself in time with his skinny, stiff-backed step. Or he\u8217\'92d say, \u8220\'93I weep at every stroke,\u8221\'94 and he\u8217\'92d flash a knowing smile. Back in those days, he\u8217\'92d say these things directly to a fellow artist\u8217\'92s face if he could get to it. He never thought of it as bullying because artists, like himself, were safe targets for playful derision; it wasn\u8217\'92t the person he was making fun of, it was their failed attempts to express themselves, and those were completely different things. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never go after the person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, never.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Artists were the best people. They needed tough skin, unearned confidence, and a flair for the dramatic. Without any of that, an artist stays obscure. Then there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the servility. Above all, an artist must be servile to the hand that feeds. And look at that, Vigram had a lot of food at his table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram,\u8221\'94 Mandri said confidently, \u8220\'93you are an idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram choked on a wad of smushed up leech. He coughed, pounded his chest, then coughed again. Once recovered, he glared at Mandri with bulging eyes, oblivious to the brown specks of food caught in his long beard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In whose house do we sit?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yours, of course.\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he tried to muster up a disarming smile. \u8220\'93But when it comes to these things, when it comes to matters of art, I am correct. And if I am not correct, then you certainly aren\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Because I like some painters who aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t paint anymore, so I don\u8217\'92t care who you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re not a painter, then why do I pay you for lessons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These lessons are a charity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 pay}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  you!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Even so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leech juice dripped down the corner of Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip, accented his frown. He wiped it away, then broke into a jolly smile. \u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94 he exclaimed, and he stabbed his clam shell into a bowl of fermented leech. That dish had been mashed into so much lard that the gray paste could have greased a wheel. Vigram\u8217\'92s outstretched tongue batted at the stringy slop before he slumped it all down his gullet. He patted his fat lips dry with his fifth napkin, then threw that napkin onto the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We both know,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93that you only come here for the money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we are both mistaken.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram rolled his eyes and set his leech lard soup aside. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen,\u8221\'94 he said. He put on his business face. It looked something like a spooked coconut. \u8220\'93You have a gift. I should say that I believe in your talent. You should believe me when I say that success is there for the taking. I know you don\u8217\'92t want to debase yourself by doing what it takes to succeed, but there is hardly any debasement necessary. The money is easy. It is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 sitting}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  there for the taking. People }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to give it to you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri settled into his chair because he knew what was coming next: Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life story. It always came out as a sort of instructional, as if Mandri could do it, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first step towards the accumulation of wealth was often left out because not everyone could easily murder their father to inherit a sizable sum. That being said, four ounces of silver would do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next, loan those four ounces to a leech farm. Why a leech farm? Beyond the blunt symbolism, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not much of a reason. It is important to remember that not every leech farm is the same. Look for a farm that supplies a Solitant temple with leeches for their bloodletting rituals. That\u8217\'92s a surefire bet because temples are always the last thing the mob will torch in lean times. When the lean times hit especially hard, when the only bread available to buy is made from fern-roots, the leech farm will feel the squeeze. They\u8217\'92ll ask for leniency on the interest rate. Do not budge. Take over the farm. The leechmen might accuse you of committing usury against Solraheen Himself, because in some small way you are, but Solraheen is dead and so what does it matter? Get together with a priest and pray about it around a jug of beer, flash him a slip of silver, and the bleary shine will blind him to the iniquity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the farm in hand, begin to lend smaller amounts over shorter terms to farmers who need emergency loans to pay their taxes after droughts or infestations. Split these debts up and sell them off in Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bond market. There\u8217\'92s not much money in Meskalim itself, but it has a busy port and that means access to all the important markets of the Hrkan world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From there, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a simple matter of reducing your eyes to tiny pinpricks, ridding yourself of limbs, segmenting the body, and now that you\u8217\'92ve become a leech, you may attach firmly the to the continent\u8217\'92s belly and drink your fill. Anyone who tries to shake you off before you\u8217\'92ve finished becomes your slave. You pick out the salvageable fools for your own use, and now you\u8217\'92ve got a brood of leeches pouring over lists of sums credited and debts owed. So long as you maintain a layer of abstraction between these creatures and your collectors, it\u8217\'92s all self-sustaining.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now you have a comfortable life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Idle hours.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No debasement necessary,\u8221\'94 Vigram added before licking his}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  plump fingers clean of sun-dried leech oil. This oil was a true delicacy, squeezed as it was from the salivary glands of leeches aged twenty years or more. Leeches that big are more devourers than bloodsuckers, so they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re much more expensive to feed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You know all about the making of a painting. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s why I respect you. I know all about the making of money. At a certain point you have to join them up, because the world doesn\u8217\'92t work how it should. The world works how it works. You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 have}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to make a living. Success, Mandri, is a very sweet thing.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He clapped his meaty hands, prompting one of the nameless slaves to come and take his plates. Once done, he stood up. His chair protested this sudden shift of his massive weight with a terrible squeak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should begin,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded, then wiped his own mouth and excused himself from the table. He took his time, because he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t looking forward to beginning. But, he had to. He followed Vigram out to the vine-trellised, brown-brick patio which offered a grand view of Vigram\u8217\'92s leech lakes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twelve massive man-made leech lakes tiled Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s large estate, each a perfect square. The rim of the nearest squares were lined with roofless stalls, each penning a live animal into the shallows. Goats, horses, cows; any animal larger than a large dog would do. They were each of them slumped onto support beams. Their snouts were tied into bags of intoxicating freeweed smoke. This was not an act of beneficence to inure them to the pain, it was Vigram\u8217\'92s way of keeping his peaceful country air free from their wild moaning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of the estate was mostly flies and marshgrass. The sky was cloudy with the kind of tall, mountainous clouds that posed for landscape paintings, the kind that cast broad shadows down upon the world to pull the viewer through the distance, as they pulled Mandri now, all the way out to the sparkling blue line on the horizon which was the sea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram set himself to work in setting up an easel which he claimed to have built himself. Slaves cut and planed the lumber, brewed the glue, hammered the metal fittings, but Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mighty mind designed it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you want to do this here?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not here?\u8221\'94 said Vigram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri eyed the decrepit animals in the lakes below. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been reduced to bloodbags for leeches, shaved down to the pink skin like criminals. Leechmen waded in the waters between the stalls so that they could trowel off the largest leeches and toss them into grass baskets. Those leeches which weren\u8217\'92t engaged in the constant struggle for the cleanest spot of flesh were busy rippling the water\u8217\'92s surface with their mating. It was a bit of an orgy down there. If only those foul creatures knew that their bliss came at the cost of being split-open, fried, and served on a plate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri felt his stomach growl. On came a pang of guilt, because all those goats, horses, and cows were suffering in leech paradise on account of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those lakes were hard to look at.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he eyed the patio\u8217\'92s trellis. \u8220\'93These vines aren\u8217\'92t yet thick enough for a solid shadow. A dappled light will fall upon the sitter. It\u8217\'92s going to make things difficult.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He moved into the dappled shade to demonstrate the effect on his own skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dear Mandriiii,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, his pained drawl rolling heavily. \u8220\'93The patterns of light and shadow are a magical vesture.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Mandri pondered, \u8220\'93I might suggest that you worry about \u8216\'91magical vestures\u8217\'92 when you\u8217\'92re skilled enough to make a face look like a face.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Vigram said firmly, long beard wiggling. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t have it any other way. A magical vesture for a magical subject.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if bidden from the heavens by Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, his daughter, Lora, joined them on the patio. She was Vigram\u8217\'92s favorite subject, and the only child willing to sit for him. She was also unmarried. Mandri\u8217\'92s age. Hardly anyone knew of her existence because Vigram kept her squirreled away. This all might lead one to assume that Vigram was an overprotective father, but no, the man was eager to see Mandri stare at his daughter\u8217\'92s tits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t she a subject fit for holy oils?\u8221\'94 Vigram asked,  squeezing out a suggestive smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Undoubtedly,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as his eyes flicked again to Lora, without intention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora was good natured, comely, with clear brown skin, sun-kissed cheeks, and a waist wide enough to belong to a fertility goddess. Many a man would leap at the chance, but Mandri averted his gaze. He averted his gaze, only for it to land right into the eye of an old yellow headed ox that was stuck in the nearest stall of the nearest leech lake. The creature stared back at Mandri, and for some god-bothering reason it saw a ray of hope in his unfamiliar face. It mooed, bucked against its restraints, then mooed again. It was asking for help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93White light!\u8221\'94 Vigram roared as he rushed to the edge of the patio. \u8220\'93Quiet that animal!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The leechmen below scurried into action.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you,\u8221\'94 Vigram said to Mandri, \u8220\'93help Lora onto her stool. I\u8217\'92ll ready the canvas and paint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sighed a sigh for the old ox, and privately resolved to never eat a Meskalimi leech again. Then he did what he was told helped Lora up onto a high-legged stool.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora let her fingers linger on his arm as he pulled away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop distracting my muse,\u8221\'94 Vigram teased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again, Mandri did as he was told and took up his post behind the old man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram snatched up a stick of soft charcoal and put down his first exploratory marks. This was always the most difficult phase. Every work of art must be built on a firm foundation; get it wrong and everything that comes after will be wrong as well. Unfortunately for Vigram, he had that all too common beginner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s habit of refusing to use his god damned brain. He started drawing wherever his hand happened to land, and whatever happened next was up to Solraheen. The end result was that Lora\u8217\'92s head was half the size it needed to be. It was also too left-of-center. There\u8217\'92d be an awkward expanse behind her flower-studded curls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re moving too fast. Don\u8217\'92t think of this as a portrait\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not yet. All we have right now is an oval, a rectangular canvas, and where that oval sits on that canvas. All you\u8217\'92re doing is putting an oval on a rectangle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, think about, where\u8217\'92s the best place to put that oval? How big should it be? Remember, you have the whole canvas there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Yes, you\u8217\'92re right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram rubbed the marks away with his palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He studied Lora.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped again to the canvas, then scratched another black oval exactly where the first had been.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that better?\u8221\'94 he asked with all the awareness of a potted plant. \u8220\'93You think it needs to be bigger?\u8221\'94 He drew the oval again, but only slightly larger. From then on, every other mark he made was accompanied by a look back to Mandri for reassurance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look at me,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, frustrated. \u8220\'93Look at her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I need to know if the marks I make are correct.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re never correct.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a glimmer of understanding in Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye, but just as soon as it came it faded. \u8220\'93If the mark is always wrong, then how could I ever move past it? I\u8217\'92ll be redrawing the same line over and over again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You move on when you can\u8217\'92t stand to try anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, feeling heard. \u8220\'93You should feel defeated by the time you\u8217\'92re finished. In fact, you should never feel good about what you\u8217\'92re doing, because that means you\u8217\'92re not trying hard enough. Now, finish\u8230\'85finish the basic shapes, at least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91finished\u8217\'92 the \u8216\'91basic shapes\u8217\'92. He looked to Mandri for final approval.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s your paint,\u8221\'94 Mandri said with a shrug. \u8220\'93But you need to understand the importance of the drawing. You\u8217\'92re always drawing. Even when painting, you\u8217\'92re drawing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 Vigram whined. \u8220\'93You talk about it all the time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram made to redraw the too-large chin, but was interrupted by a loud, mournful ox bellow. It had come from same yellow-headed ox that had asked for Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s help. The sound, or was it rage, shook Vigram\u8217\'92s arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it!\u8221\'94 he cried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please,\u8221\'94 Lora sighed. \u8220\'93Focus. Let the boys take care of the beast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is precisely the problem!\u8221\'94 Vigram cried, frustrated. \u8220\'93If they were doing their job, I wouldn\u8217\'92t have heard that noise!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Focus,\u8221\'94 Lora repeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram closed his eyes and took a deep breath. When he next looked upon his canvas, he was resolved. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m done drawing. I\u8217\'92m here to paint!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tossed his charcoal over his shoulder and picked up his favorite brush. He dipped it into a bluish shade of bronze, then threw down the first splotches of color in a flurry. It was an affront to the senses. Mandri was getting paid to witness it, like a notary to an execution. And Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light, that bentberry fiber canvas was innocent, expensive, too, a weave coveted for its depth of feeling, for how it made the undertones blush. Assaulted by Vigram\u8217\'92s hand, those tones were bruised and near to bleeding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had to look away. He glanced in Lora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s direction. The moment his eyes wandered over her exposed shoulder, her smile perked up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, stop flirting with my daughter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not flirting,\u8221\'94 Mandri claimed. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m checking proportions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, and how }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  her proportions?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The old goat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows jumped suggestively. Lora squirmed in her seat, blushing in feigned embarrassment. The yellow headed ox below had a spicier reaction, though his loud moo might have been meant for the leechmen. They were forcing its snout into another bag of freeweed smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MRRRRRUUUUUUUUUUUUU!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it!\u8221\'94 Vigram roared. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s IT!\u8221\'94 He rushed to the edge of the patio in time to see the yellow-headed ox buck two men off, then jump its rail. It tore through the leech lake, kicking up waves of confused, copulating leeches. \u8220\'93Stop that ox!\u8221\'94 Vigram shouted as he pointed with his loaded brush. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a silver-string of leeches attached to that beast! If you don\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 please}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Lora moaned from her seat. \u8220\'93We hardly need the money from another bundle of leeches. Let it go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are asking me to let go of my principles,\u8221\'94 Vigram replied. \u8220\'93That I cannot do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram,\u8221\'94 Lora said sharply. \u8220\'93Let. It. Go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram bit his tongue, then recomposed himself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In this instance,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93I will show restraint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had never seen Vigram restrain himself for anyone. And what kind of daughter would first-name her father like that? And what kind of Vigram would settle a grudge with a frustrated headshake? The man could hardly bear to watch his leechmen as they chased that splashing ox. He shook his head once more, the returned to the canvas, ill at ease. He no longer attacked the painting; it was more of a gentle slapping around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This all depresses me,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. His charcoal under drawing was bleeding pus. \u8220\'93I require a break. You two\u8230\'85why don\u8217\'92t you two clean up for now.\u8221\'94 He wiped his charcoal-stained fingers on an untouched corner of the canvas, then plodded off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram, you can\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 leave,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri said after him. \u8220\'93If you give up in the middle of a failing work, you\u8217\'92ll make a bad habit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93I will return. You two\u8230\'85you two get along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram winked at Lora, then smiled wide as if about to stamp a return on interest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to go pick out some wine. Something with a sweet bouquet.\u8221\'94 As soon as he announced he was leaving, he was gone. A moment later, his overbearing aura was gone with him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora slid off her stool.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sauntered over to the easel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her intrepid hand brushed the back of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see what my father has\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 OH my GOD!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her portrait looked like her face had been painted onto an apple, and then run over by a cartwheel. She recoiled in horror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It could be better,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s terrifying!\u8221\'94 She squeezed Mandri\u8217\'92s scrawny shoulders as she hid herself behind him, pressing herself against him in genuine fright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s the hands,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. He stepped forward to make a play at correcting them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora sidled forward with him, stifling a laugh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s turned me into a demon!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not only the hands\u8230\'85though they do look like claws.\u8221\'94 She grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s own hand and gave it a squeeze. \u8220\'93Artists need strong and dexterous hands, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85no\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri stammered. \u8220\'93Well, yes, but, uh\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t have any, uh, dexterity. I actually haven\u8217\'92t painted anything in years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be ridiculous, I\u8217\'92ve seen you paint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These lessons don\u8217\'92t really count.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what have you been doing up on that little farm of yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Farming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt it,\u8221\'94 Lora scoffed. \u8220\'93I doubt you\u8217\'92ve farmed a day in your life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you calling me a liar?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No! I don\u8217\'92t doubt that you don\u8217\'92t want to paint anymore, only, I don\u8217\'92t understand it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither do I,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he tore himself away from her grip. He knew perfectly well why he didn\u8217\'92t want to paint, he just didn\u8217\'92t want to talk about it. He busied himself with Vigram\u8217\'92s mess, as there was enough untouched pigment left on the palette for at least four more of these awkward lessons. He moved to scrape a slap of yellow back into its little clay jar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should try to understand it,\u8221\'94 Lora wooed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I think it\u8217\'92s simple, really\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri struggled to think of a palatable lie. It was difficult because his legs were sweating. This always happened in one on one situations. His body was telling him to flee. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s too expensive,\u8221\'94 he said instinctively. \u8220\'93Look at all this pigment. The canvas. It would take me weeks to afford all this. Your father makes this in half a finger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could make that much too if you came and worked for him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not want to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora picked up Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dirty brush and twirled its horse-hair head through the muddy colors of the palette. \u8220\'93You know, he doesn\u8217\'92t actually care about learning to paint. The only reason he pays for these lessons is because you would starve if he didn\u8217\'92t. He likes you. I like you.\u8221\'94 She batted her eyes and tried to catch him staring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need charity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, I\u8217\'92ve seen your farm. My dad\u8217\'92s seen your farm. Everyone\u8217\'92s seen your farm. It\u8217\'92s not a farm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora rolled the handle of the paintbrush in between her fingers; dammit if that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a suggestive stroke. She moved into kissing distance. Her sly, expectant look pricked Mandri\u8217\'92s skin. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a woman, Mandri. What\u8217\'92s your problem?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She grabbed his arm and pulled him into a squeeze. She caught his eyes, forced him to confront her lilac scent, her pounding heat, her smooth skin, her honeyed, aching lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lora\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. He knew he had to be very careful here. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a beautiful girl, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what? You go in for men?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could be good for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what do you get out of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her warmth was overwhelming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could be good for me,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at the sight of her inviting smile. The soft shadows of the vines overhead just so happened to frame her hazel eyes with the most magnificent golden light\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a magical vesture indeed. He probably would have given in if his gaze hadn\u8217\'92t poked through the trellis behind her. In between the diamond gaps of wood and leafy vine, he glimpsed a giant yellow-headed ox hurtling towards them both. The lower half of its body was covered in swinging leeches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He shoved Lora out of the way. He dived aside himself. The old ox, sagging spine and all, rammed right through the trellis. It stumbled onto the patio. Dewlap flapping, it crashed into Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s easel. Several foot long leeches flew through the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MRRRRUUUUUUUUUU!\u8221\'94 the ox bellowed. Its wheeling hooves scratched and slipped on the brick. After a moment of chaos, it steadied itself, legs wide like a water bug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its snout was only three feet away from Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. Its protuberant eyes stared down at him like it knew him. It snorted. To Mandri\u8217\'92s ear, that snort sounded something like, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s time to flee, what are you still doing here?\u8221\'94 Then the beast took its own advice and panicked. It stumbled into the opposite side of the patio trellis and burst through, stunning a few more leeches off its haunches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible,\u8221\'94 Lora muttered as it fled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram stormed back out onto the patio, wine bottle in hand. The ruin of his trellis stopped him in his tracks. His eyes darted between Lora, Mandri, and his abandoned painting, which laying face down on the dirty brick. Two little leeches were tossed upon it like two little wiggling turds. An uncommon rage drew him up as his eyes followed the ox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trail through the marshgrass. \u8220\'93How!?\u8221\'94 he roared as the beast\u8217\'92s leeched rump disappeared into a hedge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri got to his feet and brushed the dirt off the skirt of his robe. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m leaving,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ire circled back around to him. \u8220\'93Mandri, if that damned ox has got you skittish, then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that,\u8221\'94 Mandri countered, \u8220\'93I was going to leave before that happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Were you?\u8221\'94 Lora said, smiling. \u8220\'93From where I stood, I had you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 had }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 me?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did,\u8221\'94 she said with confidence. \u8220\'93You would be kissing my hand right now, if not for that ox. Its interference was fate. This was not meant to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fate?\u8221\'94 Vigram asked, suddenly forgetting his rage. \u8220\'93You mean to say\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do,\u8221\'94 Lora answered. She eyed Vigram coldly, as if to shush him up. \u8220\'93This was not meant to be. Pay the boy his money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 pay}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  him?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Was all this an attempt to get me and her together?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pay him,\u8221\'94 Lora repeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why does that need to be said?\u8221\'94 Mandri wondered. \u8220\'93Were you were going to stiff me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram reached into his robe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pocket. \u8220\'93In a manner of speaking, yes. But, things being as they are, here is your payment.\u8221\'94 He pulled out a quarter silver string, then dropped it into Mandri\u8217\'92s cupped hand. \u8220\'93Until we meet again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unlikely,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled as he fingered the short stack of silver coins. He didn\u8217\'92t count them. He wasn\u8217\'92t interested in lingering any longer than he needed to. He hurried down the patio\u8217\'92s steps, refusing to return Vigram\u8217\'92s parting nod.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s straight lane was sandwiched between two leech lakes. Mandri kept to the right because the lake on the left held leeches bigger than his arm. Instead of stalls penning in live animals, its banks were lined with bones. The entirety of the lake\u8217\'92s middle was a constant, swirling commotion as thousands of leeches swarmed just under the water\u8217\'92s surface, bunch-crawling like caterpillars, slithering like eels, desperate to get in a taste of whatever corpse had bothered to drop in. Mandri grimaced at the sight of it. Then, suddenly, a round shape popped out of that writhing mass like a buoy. It rotated around, revealing itself to be a severed head, a human head, complete with close cropped hair, upturned nose, and an open mouth which could not scream. Then a leech latched onto its cheek, and as soon as it had come, it sank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope!\u8221\'94 Mandri said to himself. \u8220\'93Nope, nope, nope,\u8221\'94 he repeated as he darted towards Vigram\u8217\'92s gate. Once onto the road, he quickened his pace. He didn\u8217\'92t feel out of reach until he crested the big hill that overlooked Vigram\u8217\'92s estate. Only then did he risk a look back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram, still on his patio, was staring straight through the distance, right at Mandri. Seeing Mandri turn, he cupped his voice and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have the gift of the brush, boy!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pretended not to hear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He walked all the way to Geem\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s and used his pay to buy half a bushel of burgeons. They were down-valley burgeons, decent stuff, but the waxy capsule leaves were liable to split. The insides would dry out before he could get to them in the ways that he wanted to. But, that was all Geem had, so he bought them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He continued along the road, stomping his way through the muddy wheel-ruts, slapping away the flies, humming nursery rhymes, anything to distract himself from overthinking the sight of that severed head. Because it was only a severed head. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all it was! It might have never belonged to a body, or been a person. There\u8217\'92s no way of knowing, really. Anything was possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He thought about his barren farm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He thought about relaxing under his tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He thought about sipping a milky hooch spiked through with burgeon juice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He would like to disappear into that hooch. It would be bliss.}}