{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I really enjoyed it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Finding crits is an interesting exercise here. Going to get *real* nitty gritty, because, well, it's good. My nitty gritty crits are take \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91em or leave \u8216\'91em. I might be spewing some bull here. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 **STORY:**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No points of confusion as to the story. I might say, though, that there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s too many soft edges. It\u8217\'92s clear you know how to skillfully feather information. But, you don\u8217\'92t have to do that with *every* bit of information. By \u8216\'91feathering\u8217\'92, I\u8217\'92m talking about things like introducing the dog by introducing a gender; the \u8216\'91She\u8217\'92 which starts the second paragraph. At \u8216\'91Sixteen years old, bad hip\u8217\'92 I\u8217\'92m sure it\u8217\'92s a dog, and then by \u8216\'91traveling vet\u8217\'92, I\u8217\'92m 100% sure. So, we\u8217\'92ve got a nice feathered introduction of the dog. Later, we learn her breed. Sometimes people can sort of fetishize this style of writing because it really shows that the author is attentive, that they\u8217\'92re aware that storytelling is all about titrating the flow information for effect. And sometimes people can take it too far and I\u8217\'92m wanting them to stop. You do it a lot here, but it\u8217\'92s really good because all the feathering really adds to the sense of the dad\u8217\'92s inattentiveness. But, I\u8217\'92m wondering if you can\u8217\'92t leverage some contrast by getting more concrete at the point of the accident. At present, the car isn\u8217\'92t introduced as a car, it\u8217\'92s introduced as tires screeching, and the impact is only alluded to as a high-pitched yelp. The dog\u8217\'92s dead body is \u8216\'91what had happened\u8217\'92. Now don\u8217\'92t get me wrong, what you\u8217\'92ve written is nice, its good writing, but I\u8217\'92m wondering how it would read if the accident jerked the dad into the present moment with concrete, direct sensory experiences in contrast to everything which came before.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 **Prose:**}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The prose is very nice. I did hitch a bit on some minor things, but that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s probably because I\u8217\'92ve been editing my own stuff all day and my brain is trained to hate sentences.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 > asphalt brushed the lawns}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I feel like \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91brushed\u8217\'92 is the wrong word. Maybe something that matches more with the \u8216\'91battle\u8217\'92 that comes later; something like \u8216\'91intruded\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91bothered\u8217\'92 to emphasize the play at conflict. The \u8216\'91which each\u8217\'92 that follows reads weirdly to me, would rather just see \u8216\'91both\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91now\u8217\'92s add up to something cumbersome. They\u8217\'92re mostly load bearing, but I wonder if there are more interesting ways to redirect attention to the present moment. You would have to dig deep for that, and it\u8217\'92s probably more trouble than its worth, but, maybe you\u8217\'92ll stumble on some cool solutions that repay the effort. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all I really got.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}