{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 5 - beguines lived in a medieval world governed by men and according to values that validated masculine experience. The mere search for a self by a oman was perceived as undermining \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93male privelege,\u8221\'94 even though that was probably not her intent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After gregorian reform - 1073-1085 - laymen began to take their faith into their own hands, discontent a phenomenon called vita apostolica. Beguines were a powerful expression of vita apostolica. First followers as described in Acts were the ideal believers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Followers of the way\u8221\'94 - atmosphere of anticiation, awe, and unaffected joy amongst believers. Essential to Followers of the Way was to live by the Christian baptismal creed, \u8220\'93There is no such thing as Jew and Greek, slave and free, male and female, for you are all one person in Christ Jesus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg18 - imitating early christian lifestyle as literally as possible  - lives of profound simplicity, generosity to the poor, taking caer of lepers, and daily attendance at prayer in a church. Beguines and other laypeopleasked themselves: How did Jesus want us to live? How did early followers of Jesus behave? Why does our own church not look like the church of the early apostles - why is corruption tolerated? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vita apostolica - voluntary poverty . Restore the church to its original primitive exression. Reacting iwth growing alarm and disdain to the new market economy based on coinange and money-lending with interest charged.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mendicant orders - domincan and franciscan - both began in the earl ythirteenth century. Mendicants took religious vows and freely moved around europe to preach and teach in universities churches, and public squares; they did not have the same attachment to a specific monastary as the monks and nuns. In princpile, lived off alms and thus were referred to as wandering beggars.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beguines lived in the comfort with the new market economy - in fact, their freedom depended on it. Some vocal leaders of the vita apostolica demanded that followers seek absolute privation even if this privation limited the ability to aid those unable to care for themselves. But beguines disagreed, and they used their keen business sense to earn the money needed to help the poor. Beguines ooled their resources in order to serve the sick and destitute by building and operating infirmaries and almshouses.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the early thirteenth century, the sisters Countess Joan (1194-1244) and Countes Margaret of Flanders and Hainault invested a significant portion of their weath to establish secular coeducational schools (for children) in their realm to teach reading, writing and simple mathematics. Joan believed that educated adults were a boon to the economy as they could make more money, thus spend more money , and so grow tax revenues. Beguines benefited from this increased literacy, both in their own education and in establishing schools as a chosen ministry. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Literacy begain to rise, - major intellectual shift 1100s, universiteis began to separate from the great monastery and cathedral schools; universiteis at bologna, paris, and oxford. Women not permitted - beguines invited academic teachers to their homes. Some turned into supporters of beg, some enemies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Many women became beguines as a result of literacy - searching for biblical and other spiritual texts in the vernacular, beguines met to study and debate them eaning of these texts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An increasingly educated laity demanded effective preaching from religious leaders. Followers of the vita apostolcia had grown intolerant of lax and mediocre preaching, especially from clerics whose private lives were a disaster. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beguines like Dante - Mechthild of Magdeburg.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With the rise of the troubadours in the late eleventh century developed a lifestyle and art form called fine amour, or amour courtoise, courly love. It spread from souther n france across europe and enjoyed great popularity for two hundred years or mor. Troubadors wrote, collected, and performed lyrics that glorified love and raised it to spiritual and metaphorical heights of honor, much in the tradition of the biblical song of songs. Beguines expanded this notion of hte \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the heart\u8217\'92s yearning for hte beloved\u8221\'94 to express the human search for God, and the beguine hadewijch is considered the master par excellance in expressing her mysticl visions and teachings with the language of courtly love.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Francis of assisi and clare of assissi, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg. 22}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Marie d\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92oignies, and Jacques de Vitry}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Married at fourteen to John, wealthy sone of another nivelles family. Once married and away from her parents scrutiny ,marie began a more adruous ascetical observance of fasting, prayer, and almsgiving. After a few months of marriage, ohn experienced a conversion in which he came to desire a deepre relationship with god. Marie and john enjoed one another\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s company, and they framed their married life around a daily routine of prayer, fasts, aphysical labor, and works of charity. Soon the two decided as was common in via apostolica, to live together as brother and sister, eschewing sexual relations. Instead they focused their passion and energies on serving God. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Abandoned their home in nivelles and moved to nearby williambroux, where an informal community following the vita apostolica lived alongside lepers. John\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brother, master guido, served as chaplain of local church\u8230\'85Marie\u8217\'92s dedication to serving hte poor and to prayer gained renown, and she was becoming known as a \u8220\'93living saint\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Marie earned a reputation for the efficacious power of her prayer. She was regarded as having the ability to read souls, which meant that she could gaze upon a person and effectively indetify the status of their salvation: was the seeker in a stat of sin, or guilty of unconfessed sins? Marie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intent was to heal a person spiritually by calling them to repentance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 People constantly sought her out, interrupting her ministry with the lepers. She yearned for a more intense life of prayer and solitutde and thus moved to a cell near the priory of st. Nicholas in oignies. She deepend her life of fasting and prayer while living there as a recluse, but also met with individuals for spiritual counseling and sent words of exhortation to those whose lives needed correction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Around 1208, theologian jacques de vitry arrived form paris in order to meet marie, and eventually became her disciple. At marie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s encouragement, he briefly returend to paris to be ordained, and then continued his life and ministry at oigines, serving lepers and the destitute. He referred to marie as his magistra.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Died in 1213, her fame spread wide and inspired women to follow her example. Jacques de vitry composed his life of marie d\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92oigines after her death as a nargument in support of the beguines whom he had observed in his travles. He regard beguines as exemplars of the apostolic life and as a bulwark against heresies.  After preaching the albigensian crusade, as well as the fifth crusade, vitry was chosen as bishop of acre in the holy land. He served there from 1216 onward for a number of years while staying depely involved in european church and political affairs. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vitry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s recounting pg.27 changing events to make the story better. \u8220\'93Biographical device\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ida of Nivelles - ran away from home at 9, taking with her a psalter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Juetta of Huy. Eighteen when husband died, left to raise two children on her own. Five years later, she left her home and children in order to serve lepers at a nold chapel across the river meuse. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Douceline of digne 1215-1274 - beguine mystic, douceline experienced repeated ecstatic moments in prayer - coudeline prized the lowly humble place in society. When her followers expressed concern that douceline was treated with contempt by her dteractors, she responded: truly it is my honor and my glory, my jy and my crown that the world holds us in great scorn, and that everyone disdains us.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Guglielma of Milan}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Agnes Blannbekin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg.41}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Agnes was ridiculed for her apparently odd behavior, much like douceline of digne or francis of assisi. For example, one day witnesses saw her bowing to a basement window as she passed by. Her detractos later descovered that a stolen consecrated host had been stored there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In spain, similar to beguines, were the beatas - emerged around 1200. Small homes clled beaterio. Records confiscated by spanish inquisition.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stigmata served as a direct sign of authority given by god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The women were safe fro mrape there. Medieval women from prominent families, or who were themselves wealthy, were in danger of rape with the intent of forcing htem into a marriage. As appalling as it is to our modern sensibilities, the assailant could goto court and demand the right to marry the woman he had raped in order to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91clear her reputation\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1242 - countess joan issued general order for baliffs to protect any and all beguines.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aunts invited nieces, cousins to cousins, rarely were total strangers allowed to join.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Undyed wool}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The church approved marriage separation if woman entered monastic life - or beguinage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Most medieval nuns lived under some expression of the Rule of Benedict}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slander included accusations of sexual promiscutiy and prostitution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Any beguine found to be pregnant must be removed from the beguine community for at least a year, once her condition became eviden. The statues  allowed for the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93fallen\u8221\'94 beguines return if her good behavior warranted this. While beguines were sensitive to behavior that compromised their ability to lead independent lives, they also realized that a \u8220\'93disgraced\u8221\'94 woman was marginalized by society and had limited opportunities to have a dignified life. By returning to her beguine community and raising her child within the buinage, a woman was saved from a forced marriage or a life of prostitution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 P.66}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beguines, like women in general, were not supposed to compete with men or better them in the public realm. Guilds were threatened by beguines willingness to produce for less income. Laws were enacted which effected only beguines which limited income and restricted cloth output\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Laws were passed in many parts of europe which restricted beguine\u8217\'92s use of spindles. Any beguine found to have violated this restriction was fined, any cloth produced in this manner to be given to the poor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beguines in italy - untroubled by laws, developed a distinctive cloth for the poor called panni humiliati.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Statues of the Gray Sisters - earliest survivng example of women in europe proclaiming active ministry as sanctifying, as opposed to contemplative prayer being the only avenue. Permitted women to go to the sick when called.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Due to politically motivated accusations of scandalous behaviour, beguines eventually found it necessary to limit their health care to women only.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lepers outlawed from entering towns and cities. Under Pope Alexander III, 1179-Third Lateran Council\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Decree on Lepers - regarded Leprosy as the product of sin and sexual aberration - protected the rights of lepers to gather and form communities for mutual support and protection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Medical care was nonexistant unless provided by Beguines.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg.79 Adriana Contarini and Helena Priuli - Venice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We have succeeded in sheltering thrity little girls, all snatched from the power of hte devil; we see thte degradation of these girl-children who, at the age of twelve or thirteen or even younger, have been sold by their own mothers; they come from all social ranks, from the nobility, the middle class, the workers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Our times are so disastrous that no words can express the wretchedness of some of the cases.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Marguerite Porete - see sayings}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kindness toward others obeys no created thing but love. Kindness toward others possesses nothing over her own, and if she doe possess something, she never says it belongs to her. Kindness toward others skips her own needs to help an eighbor\u8230\'85 kindness toward others gies to ther neighborss all she has that\u8217\'92s worht anything. She keeps nothing for herself. Her amazing generostiy often makes her promis what she doesn\u8217\'92t have because she knows the more she gives, the more she receives in her soul. Kindness toward others is uch a wise businesswoman that she earns profits everywhere when others go out of business.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Three orphan girls, lucked off the wharf and saved from the brothels to be educated and trained in cloth finishing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The music and singing commences; the songs are lively and familiar, you happily join in. The beguines are clapping to the beat of the music and begin a gentle swaying movement. With the third song, you all enter into an informal, gentle dance, moving first toward the left and then toward the right. Feet stamp and hands sway in rhythm to the music. Soon beguines are weaving around one another in a style echoing folk dances. The church is filled with harmonious sound and mevement. The children, who had shared in the dancing, at some point tucker out and rest for a while near the elders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Song after song, poetic aspiration and scripture. The church interior is warm; skin glows. Eventually the activiteis quiet down and the beguines stand or sit in silence. Some of the leders light candles. The magistra climbs the steps of the pulpit and preaches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Like this: Always read the Book of Life, which is the life of the GOd-Man, Jesus Christ, who lived in poverty, pain, scorn and true obedience. Do not skim this book. Let it penetrat you while you read it. It will teach you everything you need to know, no matter your present circumstances. It will fill you with a burning fire that will be your greatest consolation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Silence. Quiet weeping by a few beguines. Others began to sing. The magista slowly moves among the praying and singing beguines. She stops here and there and lays her hands on one of the women, praying softly. Someone calls out, asking for prayer. Another beckons. At last the instruments are picked up, and the beguine begin to dance again, filling their beautiful church with joy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Being slain in the spirit\u8221\'94 - person drops to ground in intense silence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Incarnational piety - affective devotion. They embodied their prayer and devotion, seeking to emotionally enter into their experience of prayer. Private dramas of their hearts. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They put themselves at Jesus events , experience rays of divine light via cruxifiction. But what is happening here interms of raw spirituality? Border transgression. Ecstacy arises when boundaries are invested in another???IDK what I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m saying here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In their embodied prayer, many beguines sooned on the cross with jesus christ himself, not as passive observers but sharing in the terror of the crucifixion; . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Angela of foligno believed that a loving relationship ith god in prayer was not the exclusive domain of the}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1  profesisonally religious}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  but available for all\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and then went on to describe in her Instructions what this inner journey might be like.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Angela\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s relationship with god was \u8220\'93a spiral rather than a linear one, for in their respective journeys God and ANgela come together and apart, they approach and abandon each other, so that this journey though made of steps, is not, or can be, a straight path.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Three forms of prayer - physical prayer is the expression of the heart\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s aspirations through words and bodily modtion (kneeling down). Mental prayer is when our mind is in deep meditation and solely pondering the divine presence, wihtout any distraction. And supernatural prayer is when God - who gives this gift and infuses it with divine presence - lifts the soul up so it is stretched beyond its normal limites. Then the soul understands more about god than would otherwise be possible. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hen we know who we are and who god is, we love. And when we love, we want to possess what we love. That is the sign of true love. The lover is changed - not in part but wholly - into the beloved.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beguines aspired to enter into an intense experinece of the passion adn death of christ in order to feel what he might have felt. Some of them embraced illness and harsh ascetical practices, believing that they might imitate jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suffering on earth in an effort to plumb the depths of chhrist\u8217\'92s humanity at the moment of his most insistent and terrifying humanness - the moment of his dying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hadewijch letter - WE all want to be god along with god; but god knos that there are fe of us who want to be man with him in his humanity, to carry his cross with him, to hang upon it with him, to pay with him the debt of human kind. If we look at ourselves we can see that this is true; we iwll not suffer anything, we will not endure. Just let our hearts be stabbed by the slightest grief, just let someone say a scornful or slanderous word about us, let anyone act against our reputation or our peace or our will, adn at once we are mortally injured: we know exactly what we want and what we do not want, there are som any different things which give us pleasure or pain, now we want this and now we want tha, our joy today is our sorrow toomorrow, we ould like to be here, we would like to be there, we do not want something and then we want it, and in everything all we are thinking of is our own satisfaction and how we can best seek it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Agnes Blannbekin - rapture = the soul brings three things with her after such rapture: first ,a certain noble indignation and contempt against all that is orldly and disgust against all that exists, except for god. And such contempt functions like a wall against sin. Secondly, there is a certain hidden sweetness. Thirdly, there is burning desire and languishing love for god. The first enables the soul. The second pours the soul into god, so that she will be received all the more deeply into god the more that she tastes of such lusciousness. The third iluminates the soul and makes her shine with light.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The intimate experience of contemplative gazing on the eucharist was a constant theme in beguine writings. Their passion was to see and gaze upon the host - not to partake. For beguines, abstaining out of awe was equal to receiving in confidence and joy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Agnes had taken communion, she was suddenly filled with such sweetness of spirit htat it spilled into her flesh insuch a way that there was not one place on her whole body where she could not feel physically the invaluable sweetness. And she remained in this sweetness physically as much as spiritually for the whole day, flowing over with delights and spiritual joy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How could an imperfect person be allowed into God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence? Enter purgatory - to extinguish lingering sin and prepare them to dwell in God\u8217\'92s place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Prayers a precious ointment to the damned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Albigensian heretics\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Church leaders and layiety alike knew without doubt that beguines had the power to release people from purgatory through intercessory prayer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purgatory was god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s prison. Closely related to penance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beguines believed that purgatory depened one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s capacity to experience and dwell with god; they taught purgatory was about love- god allowed purgatory to exist so that ultimately humans could spend eternity with god. ..on one hand, god was right to demand justice because humanity, in its sinning, had disobeyed god. On the other hand, the god who is love could not possibly want anyone to remain in hell.at times beguines felt scandalous in \u8216\'91defying\u8217\'92 god\u8217\'92s right to demand jusice from a sinner because they would accept onto themselves on behalf of the sinner the punishment owed. Yet beguines explained that love impelled them to asume this burden, believing that God\u8217\'92s love, rather than hell, would ultimately prevail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God is love\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85. Hadewijch, no one need to fear hell because even the path into hell ultimately leads to God. Beguine wrtings reveal some women \u8220\'93negotiating hell away from God\u8221\'94 because they could not imagine God who is Love tolerating souls suffering in hell. Diisstancing themselves from the groing comfort of medieval men and women with indulgences, beguines taught that people should not serve others out of hope of earning entry into heaven that way, because god\u8217\'92s love could not be bought with money or earned with good deeds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Christina the Astonishing - near death experience in 1182. Her biographer wrote that christian died and visited hell, purgatory, and heaven, then came back to life with great zeal to free souls from purgatory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 Love as boundary attraction or boundary negation. Hate as boundary attraction. Love as desire to destroy a boundary, Hate as a desire to build one.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Catherine of Genoa (1447-1510)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purgation and Purgatory is Catherin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s account of her own spiritual purificaiton that she described as a fier love. .. Catherine taught that God is Pure Love and the object of our total fulfillment, but that the spiritual life as a process or journey\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 growing from self-will into pure love-is not easy and continues after our death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God is my being, my me, my strength, my happiness, my good, my delight\u8230\'85 I will have nothing to do with a love that would be }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 for}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  God or }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 in}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  God. I cannot bear the word }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 for}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  or the word }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 in, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 because they denote something that may be in between God and me. Thisi s the love that pure love cannot bear since pure love is Godself.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Christina Mirabilis - the astonishing - willing to be perceived as a foolif it meant people might reform their lives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She threw herself into hot ovens, placed her hands and feet into fires, jumped into boiling cauldrons, stood in frigid waters in the dead of winter, hung herself on gibbets ,and entered tombs to preach to the dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once, upon entering a church, it was reported that she threrwherself before the altar as if she were a sack of dry bones. Then, wailing bitterly, she began to beat her breast and her body most often and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91O miserable and wretched body! How long will you torment me, miserable as I am? What are you doing with me? Why do you keep my wretched soul in you for so long? Why do you delay me from seeing the face of Christ? When will you abandon me so that my soul can return freely to its creator? Woe to you, most miserable one! And oe to me who am united to you!\u8221\'94  She was enacting purgatory for her audience with the intent of shaking them awake to the consequences of their sinful life and illustrating what the experience of purgatory might be for them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 Relgiion as necessary advancement because it forces you to hate your own body, to distrust your own base, destructive instincts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Visiting benedicting nuns at st. Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s near sint truiden - \u8220\'93suddenly and unexpectdly she would be ravished in the spirit and her body would whirl around like a hoop in a children\u8217\'92s game. She whirled around with such extreme violence that the individual limbs of her body could not be distinguished, when she had whirled around for a long time in this manner, it seemed as if se became weakend by the violence of the rolling and all her limbs grew quiet. Then there sounded between her throat and her breast a wondrous harmony that no mortal man could understand, nor could it be imitated by any artiicial instruemtn. That song of hers had only the pliancy and the tones of music. But the words of the melody, so to speak- if they coudl even be called words - sounded together incompreensibly. No sound or breath came out of her mouth or nose during this time, but a harmony of the angelic voice resound only from between her breast and throat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Church politics of imposing interdict in order to gain obedience from a monarch - the pope would command a spiritual punishment for a diocese or realm - denied the laypeople living there contct with their clergy. Churches might be closed for months or even years, denying to anybody who was not a cleric or monastic access to the proclaiming of scripture, preaching and the acraments. This denial was not tolerated by the beguines. So they chose to fill the spiritual void caused by an interdict withe their own proclamations and preaching ,in their own chapels and in the local square. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mental illness as fitness strategy - religious expression}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Marguerite porete - Mirror of simple souls - trinity - Lover, Loved, and Love. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mechthild Magdeburg - the flowing light of the Godhead, - applying a common defense tactic of her day, mechthild undermined her detractors by pointing to God as the one who had commanded her, a mere woman, to write down god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In a loving relationship with a nonexistant entity. Drawn a boundary around nothing and called it god, then entered into a relationship with it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The highest mountain cannot receive the revelation fo My grace, for hte flood of My Holy Spirit flows by nature into the valley. You find many a wise master, learned tin the scripture who himself is a fool in My eyes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Your precious stones have fallen from you because you are weak and you disgrace the holy christain faith\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 your prity is burned up in the ravenous fire of gluttony; your humility has sunk to the swamp of of your flesh; your truth has been destroyed in the lie of this world; the flowers of all your fvirtues have fallen from you. Alas, crown of holy priesthood, you have disappeared, and you have nothing left but your external shape - namely, priestly power - with this you do battle against god and his chosen frineds. Therefore, god will humble you before you know what has happened.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hadewijch is considered one of the most exquisite and exacting creators of the courly love poetry so valued in her day -  p 151. Longing for god. Courlty love poetry favored images of the unattainable lover, the submissive service to love, the complaints, the hope and despair, and the all-pervading power of love.  While these courtly poems contain stories of star-crossed lovers and the gentleman suitor searching for the unattainable lady, hadewijch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mystical poetry centered on the sense of agony that the uncesasing desire for oneness with god caused in her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 French poet Rutebeuf - Whatever happens in her life is religious in character; her word is prophecy; if she laughs it is good manners; if she weeps it is devotion; if she sleeps she is in ecstasy; if she dreams it is a vision; if she lies think nothing of it; if she marries it is because she is sociable; her vows and profession are not for life; last year she wept; this year she prays; next year she will take a husband; now she is Martha, now Mary.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The SPanish Inquisition was set up by the Catholic monarchs  - pursued beatas with charges of heresy, unusally for \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93leading ecstatic prayer meetings\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93religious enthusiasm\u8221\'94 for claiming ecstatic visions, for allegedly using \u8220\'93strange powers to heal and prophesy,\u8221\'94 and for heretical teaching.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beguines were basically proto-pentocostal - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91charismatic christainity\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg 167  - but the inquisition investigated beatas primarily for their independence. Spanish rulers were attempting to control all women, sequestering them to homes and monasteries, and beatas in public ministry made these powerful men uncomfortable. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}