{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab Philippe LaJoie would be the man who killed a horse with walnuts. He had nothing against horses, but he wanted to assist walnuts in being made good use of for all of their properties. Maybe a man on horseback would kidnap him, and his sweat would founder the horse and allow him to escape. Or maybe he would trick the British into sending their cavalry over his walnut-shell paths. It was all the same to him. What mattered was enabling the walnuts to do their work. The fact that they killed horses had not yet received the demonstration it deserved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab Ten acres of walnut trees fed him comfortably, even with the squirrels and woodpeckers. A modest inheritance supplied his other needs. In the fall, he would ask his occasional visitors to feed him a nut from any tree on his land, and then he would name the tree and take them to see it. He rejoiced in their surprise, not because it confirmed his subtlety of palate, but because it signaled an advance in the general understanding of walnuts: that, like grapevines, they were not interchangeable. After that, he would show them dozens of brown linen swatches, each dyed with a different blend of walnut shells, and explain the principles on which he had devised his outfit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab In time, his skin shriveled and tanned, and his hair fell out, until visitors remarked that his head resembled an unshelled walnut. He became dizzier and less lucid. Finally, one winter morning, as he staggered over the snow to speak with Marsh Giant, he slipped on a patch of melt and broke open his head against Little Spring\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trunk. His brain resembled a shelled walnut. He died at 46, without having told anyone of his horse-killing aspirations, and his body was never discovered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}