{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 There would be storage vats and mills: edge-runner mills to separate pigments from crude ores, ball mills to powder the pigments, pug mills to mix them with oil. There would be boiling vats and calciners \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  15-foot-high furnaces used to produce caustic lime for sealant solutions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~The valley floor was cultivated into fields of bananas and cane and melons, and where it was not cultivated there were stands of thistle palms and berry thickets and the occasional giant fig brooding sentinel over the rest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~The land continued to slope upwards, but more gently than before. Gnarled, stunted oaks pushed up from thickets of chokecherry, and insects sizzled in the weeds. They might have been walking on a natural shelf several hundred feet across; but ahead of them, where the ground rose abruptly, a number of thick, greenish-black columns broke from the earth. Leathery folds hung between them, and these were encrusted with clumps of earth and brocaded with mould. They had the look of a collapsed palisade and the ghosted feel of ancient ruins.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~the dragon had seemed to Meric a simple thing, a big lizard with a tick of life left inside, the residue of a dim sensibility; but he was beginning to suspect that this tick of life was more complex than any he had encountered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With the ponderous slowness of a theatre curtain opening, the halves slid apart to reveal the glowing humour.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~What had looked to be vague glints, odd refractions of the sunset, he now realized were photic reactions of some sort. Fairy rings of light developed deep within the eye, expanded into spoked shapes, flooded the humour, and faded - only to be replaced by another and another. He felt the pressure of Griaule's vision, his ancient mind, pouring through him, and as if in response to this pressure, memories bubbled up in his thoughts. Particularly sharp ones. The way a bowlful of brush water had looked after freezing over during a winter's night - a delicate, fractured flower of murky yellow. An archipelago of orange peels that his girl had left strewn across the floor of the studio. Sketching atop Jokenam Hill one sunrise, the snowcapped roofs of Regensburg below pitched at all angles like broken paving stones, and silver shafts of the sun striking down through a leaden overcast. It was as if these things were being drawn forth for his inspection. Then they were washed away by what also seemed a memory, though at the same time it was wholly unfamiliar. Essentially, it was a landscape of light, and he was plunging through it, up and up. Prisms and lattices of iridescent fire bloomed around him, and everything was a roaring fall into brightness, and finally he was clear into its white furnace heart, his own heart swelling with the joy of his strength and dominion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~torn banners and spoiled food littering the streets}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~calciners and vats atop his head belched flame into the sky,\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 populated by prostitutes, workers, gamblers, ne'er-do-wells of every sort, and soldiers: the burdensome cost of the project had encouraged the city fathers of Teocinte to form a regular militia, which regularly plundered the adjoining states and had posted occupation forces to some areas}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Herds of frightened animals milled in the slaughtering pens, waiting to be rendered into oils and pigments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~who was the soul of the practical man, without a visionary bone in my body - felt as though I were being whirled away into the painting, up through geometries of light, latticeworks of rainbow colour that built the way the edges of a cloud build, past orbs, spirals, wheels of flame\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~She was twelve years younger than he, tall and lovely, with sun-streaked hair and brown eyes that went dark and seemed to turn inward whenever she was pensive.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She was in the habit of analysing everything that affected her, drawing back from her emotions and inspecting them as if they were a clutch of strange insects she had discovered crawling on her skirt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Peels of dead skin hung down from the shadows like torn veils of ectoplasm; ferns sprouted from the vanes, which were thicker than cathedral columns; swallows curved through the black air. Sometimes, lying with her hidden by a tuck of the wing, Meric would think the beating of their hearts was what really animated the place, that the instant they left, the water ceased flowing and the swallows vanished. He had an unshakable faith in the transforming power of their affections, and one morning as they dressed, preparing to return to Hangtown, he asked her to leave with him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her fingers trailed over his shoulder - a gentle, treasuring touch.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Acne-scarred, lean, arrogant, Major Hauk was a very young major with a limp. When Meric had entered, the major had been practising his signature; it was a thing of elegant loops and flourishes, obviously intended to have a place in posterity.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "A question\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 of materiel"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~said the major firmly. "The price of antimony, for example\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Hardly use it any more," said Meric. "I'm almost done with the mineral reds."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~It looked as if the sunlight were an extension of the gleaming resins, as if the thickness of the paint were becoming infinite. He let the major's voice recede to a buzz and followed the scatter and dazzle of the images; and then, with a start, he realized the major was sounding him out about stopping the work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}