{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78721"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 With the Lost Legion in New Zealand by G. Hamilton-Browne | Project Gutenberg}}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Every\~Johnny not a professional novelist has, I suppose, some reason besides making money when he sits down to write a book, for, as far as I can see, there is deuced little pleasure to be gained by the author while occupied in doing so, especially if, like myself, he should have passed some forty years of his life on the frontiers of the Empire, and, with the exception of writing an occasional letter, has never, during that time, taken a pen in his hand. My reason is that during the last three or four years, since broken health and bad luck drove me back to civilisation, such as it is in England, I have frequently been knocked end-ways by the woeful ignorance of all classes of Englishmen, not only of the history of the various colonies that form the Empire, but also of the struggles of the men in acquiring and holding the same. Again I have noticed no one ever gives the colonial irregular troops the least credit of having fought and suffered in the Imperial cause, nor does anyone in this country seem to be aware of the debt the Empire owes to the men of the Lost Legion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Not long ago I dined at the same table with a big city pot, who after dinner gassed inordinately about OUR Empire, laying a great stress on the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93our,\u8221\'94 as if he had been a prime mover in the settlement of every country contained in it. New Zealand was the country under discussion, and amongst}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 2]\~other twaddle he discoursed on the wonderful progress WE (a very big \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93we\u8221\'94) had made in those islands. During a pause in the conversation I humbly asked him: \u8220\'93How did England acquire this fruitful country?\u8221\'94 With a disdainful smile he condescended to inform me Captain Cook found it and gave it to England. \u8220\'93But,\u8221\'94 said I, \u8220\'93surely in my young days I remember a lot of fighting going on there.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Oh yes,\u8221\'94 he replied, \u8220\'93there was some trouble out there, but WE\u8221\'94 (a big \u8220\'93we\u8221\'94 again) \u8220\'93sent out our soldiers, who soon put a stop to that, and then WE\u8221\'94 (a huge \u8220\'93we\u8221\'94 this time) \u8220\'93developed the country until it is one of the gardens of the world.\u8221\'94 Still with due humility I asked if he were a New Zealand colonist, and was not astonished when he replied: \u8220\'93Good gracious me, no; I have never been in the country, and except to occasionally visit the Continent, I never leave England.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This and many other instances determined me to jump into the breach, and try if a yarn, even written by such a duffer as myself, can educate some few of my countrymen, and let them know what sort of a life the men of the Lost Legion led during the wars that took place in New Zealand from 1866 to 1871, which wars eventually pacified the North Island, and were fought without the assistance of a single Imperial soldier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Moreover thousands of novels have been written with plots founded on the splendid achievements of our gallant army and navy, then why should not one be penned about the deeds of the Lost Legion, the men who have not only rolled out the map of the Empire, as the deft hand of a cook rolls out}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 3]\~a lump of dough, but who have also held that ground until properly settled by their own countrymen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Innumerable and unknown are the graves of the Lost Legionaries, slain as they have been by the bullet, tomahawk and assagai of their savage opponents, or cut down by hunger, thirst and the malarial fevers of the lands into which they have penetrated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And now if I need any further excuse for inflicting this badly written (for I claim no pretensions to literary skill) yarn upon you, let me inform you that in the main the facts are all strictly true, and that the men I have tried to depict lived, starved, fought and died in the very manner described in this volume.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So now that we are inspanned let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trek.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 from both sword and distaff side I inherited the longing to be a soldier.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 the first licking I ever got was for a breach of military discipline, the crime being that while under lawful control of my nurse I had committed mutiny by direct disobedience of orders, and had aggravated that crime by conduct unbecoming a soldier, insomuch as by crawling through a drain I had broken away from my escort, who, being portly, not to say fat, was quite unable to follow me, and in direct defiance of her repeated orders had betaken myself to the barracks, where I was subsequently discovered and arrested while playing at soldiers with the barrack children.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 gone through the drill as well as the regimental fugleman.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It happened in this way. I was called out by an Italian nobleman of sorts, who objected to some small attentions I had paid to a Tyrolese chantress in a caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9. Him I easily defeated, wearing him out by my better training and then administering a pin-prick on his forearm, whereon he insisted upon embracing me and we became great friends. Towards the end of the trip, however, I had a misunderstanding with a French artillery cadet at Strasbourg, who, as I was too self-confident, ran me through the arm. He also embraced me and we became good friends.}{ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 mighty potentates}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It fell out in this way. One day I chanced to meet an old schoolfellow}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~You will lose many friends through war and sickness, but though often hurt you will live a long life of disappointment. Others will make fortunes round}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 11]\~you, but you will remain poor. Women will be your best friends and your worst enemies, and you will be robbed of your birthright by your own brother. Many times you will have grasped the cup of good fortune, only to have it dashed from your hand. Yet you will meet every disaster with a laugh, and will learn nothing. Still keep up your heart, for, although you will live a rough, hard life, you will live a long one.}{\f0\fs24\b1  The end is hidden from me, but remember there is often a burst of sunshine at the end of a cloudy day.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a cloudy day- sun can get below them to see the light. Sometimes, the sun must get below the clouds for you to see its light.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 While waiting in Spa to oblige him I got into serious trouble. Among the gang of blacklegs and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 chevaliers d\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92industrie}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~who in those days hung about the Continental gambling resorts was a man called Baron Touchais, who with his wife clung to the fringe of the fast society that frequented the tables and took part in the gaieties of the very gay little town. I was quickly introduced to these people, and very foolishly allowed myself to be drawn into a flirtation with the lady, who was a}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 12]\~pretty, vivacious little Frenchwoman. The man was a well-dressed, plausible fellow, a past master at all games of chance, who, not having yet been discovered cheating, was still a member of the clubs, and tolerated by the fast set. I, however, very soon got sick of the whole business, and strove all I could to break loose, but it eventually ended in a scene, evidently prearranged for the purpose of blackmailing. The lady, with her hair down, weeping and hanging on to my shoulder, is discovered by the bold, bad baron, who rushes in with a sword-cane, but, getting knocked end over end by a straight left between the eyes, reclines on the floor drumming with his heels and vomiting blue blasphemy.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The infernal row he made brought everybody in the hotel into the room, and the publicity of the affair forced him, very much against his will, to call me out, as it was cash he wanted, not blood, as of course had he not done so he would have been kicked out of society. Naturally I was obliged to go out with him, although I did so much against my will, especially as H.R.H. had just promulgated an order that any officer taking part in a duel would be at once cashiered, and although I had not yet been gazetted I knew full well that if a duel got bruited about I should not be permitted to serve in H.M. army. Notwithstanding this I had to go out, two of my Belgian friends kindly volunteering to act as my seconds. It was arranged that the duel was to be fought with pistols\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u224\'E0 la barri\u232\'E8re}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and I received instructions from Baron Le Noble, my principal second, that unless my opponent advanced to the mark I was to allow him to fire two}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 13]\~shots, delivering my own in such a manner that all the seconds could see that I missed intentionally. These orders I carried out, receiving my enemy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fire and then knocking up the turf three or four feet from him. The duel should now have terminated, but my opponent claimed a third shot. This for some time my seconds refused to allow, but at last gave way, and Le Noble, as he handed me my pistol, said to me: \u8220\'93You have done all that honour demands, now fire at him.\u8221\'94 Again I obeyed instructions, for on the word being given Touchais strode up to the barrier, and was taking deliberate aim at me, when I dropped him. As the wound was considered mortal, my seconds hurried me out of the country, and I crossed over to England.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 New Zealand, where plenty of fighting was going on. This I did, and in a very few days, with plenty of money in my pocket, and}{\f0\fs24\b1  a bundle of letters of introduction, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Christianity was first introduced into New Zealand in 1814 by Marsden, who started the first Church of England Mission. The Wesleyan missionaries arrived in 1822 and the Roman Catholics in 1838; other denominations quickly followed. Up to the year 1830 very few converts had been made, but in 1838 more than one-fourth of the natives had been baptised, and the numbers increased rapidly. In 1838 the New Testament, published in the Maori language, was in the hands of the converts, and the complete Bible was finished in 1853. Very many of the natives had learned to read, and the Sacred Writings were }{\f0\fs24\b1 read with avidity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now the Maoris were puzzled, like many others, by the different dogmas set forth by the various denominations, each claiming they were right and that the others were wrong, yet all asserting they}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 15]\~drew their inferences from the same Book. Among the tribes existed bitter rivalry, hatred and jealousy, so they gloried in belonging to different sects, and consequently added religious rancour to their tribal hatred. Missionaries, however, travelled through the country with impunity, not one receiving any harm until 1865. There was, however, a very great desire on the part of a vast number of the natives to find out which was the real and true faith, so that many of them joined one sect after another, as if to discover which fancy brand of religion suited his own constitution best, and being highly intellectual and keen reasoners they came to the conclusion that each sect was only formed from the interpretation by the devotees of the Book itself, and that therefore they (the Maoris) had a perfect right to interpret the Sacred Writings in any way they saw fit.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Just previous to the promulgation of the Pai Marire faith the Maoris had elected a king. Why, therefore, should they not have a new religion? Hence the growth of the Hau Haus. The Hau Haus first came into collision with the white men in April 1864. For although this extraordinary religion was known to exist previous to this date, the majority of the settlers and the authorities only looked upon it as a farce, and never for a moment thought that the natives, most of whom professed Christianity, could tolerate such an absurd, fantastic and fanatical creed of murderous tendencies as that denominated the Pai Marire or Hau Hau religion. The origin of this fanatical creed is obscure, as well it might be, for the author, Te Ua, had up to the date of his inspiration been}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 16]\~considered a harmless lunatic, and had been tolerated by his tribe as such. (The Maoris, like all other wild races, never interfere with and are always kind to the demented.)}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It must be remembered and thoroughly understood that the magnificent service afterwards rendered by the friendly Maoris was not prompted by their love for the white man, but by the hatred}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 21]\~and jealousy they entertained against the hostile tribes, in very many cases their bitter enemies in old-time wars. It was indeed fortunate for us that Te Ua\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s subalterns, Hepanaia, Matene, Kereopa and Patara, allowed their diplomacy to be outrun by their ferocious desire for blood, and the savage murders perpetrated not only on inoffensive white men but also on friendly natives roused such desires for revenge in the hearts of the latter\u8217\'92s tribes that caused them to be just as anxious as the white man to stamp out the fiendish brutality of the Pai Marire faith and allowed us to retain our hold on the North Island, which we should have undoubtedly lost, at least for a time, had they joined the Hau Haus.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There was no attempt made to surprise the place, for previous to the assault at daybreak on the 1st of May 1864 the fanatics danced a war-dance (a very noisy ceremony) and went through their incantations. These finished, they advanced in close formation to the attack.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The natives, three hundred strong, advanced in broad daylight in close column, shouting \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hau Hau\u8221\'94 and confident of gaining a bloodless victory. Something, however, must have gone wrong with their incantations, for the angel Gabriel was not on deck on this occasion to deflect the bullets, nor even to turn the Tommies into stone.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In this defeat Hepanaia and most of the principal}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 23]\~chiefs were killed, Titokowaru losing an eye. Anyone would think that a disaster of this sort would make the natives pause in accepting and believing in their wild faith. It did nothing of the sort, as Te Ua quickly persuaded them that the men who had been killed must have broken one of the numerous directions given by Gabriel through the medium of the head, and thereby caused the jealous angel to bring about the catastrophe. So the crazy superstitions spread and flourished until the whole of the west coast and the interior of the island reeked with murder and violence.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It\~was on the 14th September 1865 the ship\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Queen Bee}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was towed down the river and dropped anchor at Gravesend, so as to allow the crew to sober up, and the captain to join.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now the General ought to have learned something from that lesson, but he didn\u8217\'92t, for next night, a gale of wind blowing, the column was halted to bivouac in long dry fern. Fine beds for tired men long dry fern makes, provided there is not a gale of wind blowing and the Hau Haus are not hostile, but on this occasion such was the case, and we were roused out by shots and bugle calls to see a wall of fire, twenty feet high, charging us faster than a horse can gallop. Gad, sir, it was a case of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sauve qui peut}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and we all bolted for the sand-hills like redshanks, the Maoris tomahawking five of the 18th R.I. picket and a lot of others. This last affair so disgusted the General that he refused to leave the beach, and, without making another attempt of any sort, consumed fifty-seven days to march fifty-four miles, while the Maoris, only a handful in number, used to chaff us and called the General the lame seagull.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Pg 46.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}