{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Treasoury of American Folklore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 B.A.Botkin}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fork-in-the-creek philosopher}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These feats of markmanship are in the true mike fink tradition, which ranged from driving nails with bullets to shooting tin cups and scalp locks from heatds. Most of his shooting wagers were sadistic pranks\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85unlike the former rascals who thought that \u8220\'93even a crime might take on the aspect of a good joke,\u8221\'94 Mike was one to carry a joke to the point of being a crime. ; shooting off a negros heel because he disliked it\u8217\'92s shape., forcing his woman to lie down I na pile of leaves to which he set fire, to cure her of looking at other men.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 King of the keelboatment, snag on the mississippi, and the snapping turtle on the ohio. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Among the various types of river craft the keelboat offered the greatest challenge to the boatmean\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s strength, skill, and endurance. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The boat was propelled by poles, against which the shoulder was placed; and the whole strength and skill of the individual was applied in this manner. As the boatmen moved along the running board, with their heads nearly touching the plank on which the walked, the effectwas similar to that on beholding the ox, rocking before an overloaded caret. Their bodies, naked to their waist, and of enjoying the river breeze.were exposed to the burning suns of summer, and rain of autom. After a hard day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s push, they would take their fillee, or ration of whisky, \u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name\u8217\'92s tom dowdle, the rag-man, and I\u8217\'92m for any man that insults me.! Log-leg or leather-breeches, im the man for a massacree!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Where\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s your buffalo-bull, he cried, to cross horns with the roarer of salt river? Whars your full blood colt that can shake \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was ridin\u8217\'92 along the mississippi in my wagon, when I come acrost a feller flatin\u8217\'92 down stream  settin\u8217\'92 in the stanr of his boat fast asleep. Well, I hadn\u8217\'92t had a fight for ten days- felt as tho I should have to kiver myself up in a salt barrel to keep- so wolfy about the head and shoulders. So, says I, hulloa, stranger! If you don\u8217\'92t take keer your boat will run away with you!\u8221\'94 so he looked up at me slantidicler, and I looked down on him slantindicler- he took out a chor o\u8217\'92 tobaccer, and says he, \u8216\'91 I don\u8217\'92t value you tantamount to that!\u8217\'92 and then the varmint flapped his wings and crowed like a cock. I rise up, shook my mane, crooked my neck, an neighed like a horse. He run his boat plump, head foremost ashore, I stopped my wagon an sot my triggers. \u8220\'93Mister, says he I cn can whip my weight in wildcatas, and ride straght through a crab-apple orchard on a flash of lightning. Clear meat-ax disposition; the best man, if ain\u8217\'92t, I wish I may be tetotaciously exfluncted!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I put it to him might droll \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  in ten minutes he yelled Enough! And swore I was a rip-staver! . I\u8217\'92m all brimstone but the head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 My name is nimrod wildfire. Halfhorse, half alligatore, and a touch of the airthquake\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got the prettiest sister, fastest horse, and ugliest dog in the district, and can outrun, outjump, throw down, drag out ,and whip any man in kentuck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Grinning at a coon in a tree- grinned the bark off a gnot that looked like a coon. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Left the knot perfectly smooth\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tie this in wit hthe \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91pages get tired after he reads them\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}