{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was the first person to set out to walk the Sand. She complained about how slow everyone was, and that she was going to do what she wanted to do. Nobody tried to stop her. Mandri suspected her advance march was a cover story. She was, no doubt, eager to enjoy her burgeon binge in peace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The night was full when Ayram set out. He never announced it was time to leave, or that everyone should think about heading out, he simply gathered up his enormous pack and started off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice the man leave because the night sky had entranced him. It was unusually bright. The whole sky in the west was flush with a gradient of dark blue which wrapped around the world to blacken the east. There he saw Ayram lumbering towards a featureless horizon. Beyond that giant was a much smaller black dot named Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Elrahet was good and ready to leave, she told Moto to, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring the cursed Mazid with you.\u8221\'94 She waddled, packless, out into the Sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto turned to Moteah. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You heard the woman,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Bring the Mazid with you.\u8221\'94 He jogged off after the others before Moteah could counter. The clank of tin against wood inside his own heavy pack was as good as teasing laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah ignored Mandri as she finished reorganizing her backpack to fit in a few extra sheaves of Hrkan hardtack. Mandri still hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t moved from where he\u8217\'92d sat down earlier that evening; plump on a bump of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He studied Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She fit the standard rule of thumb for beauty that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s taught to artists at an early age\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t make too many marks. A person starts to look ugly if too many marks are made to bring out the nose, cheeks, and chin. If Mandri were to paint Moteah with as few marks as possible, he wouldn\u8217\'92t be lying all that much. A few swipes to capture the sheen of the blue night as it defined her high arched cheeks. A smudge for a lip. That was it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was attractive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No doubt about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But if one sits and stares at another human being for long enough, as a portrait artist must do, the features of the face start to lose the illusion that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re working together for a purpose. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter how attractive the person is. The strangeness is there in everyone. Usually it starts with the ears, and sure enough, Moteah had ears. Peeking out from under her tight hairwrap were tiny ears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He hated them, those odd, fleshy protuberances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as if, when Solraheen was creating people, He took a wad of clay, crumpled it up, then slapped it onto the side of the head expecting to come back to it later to make it work, but never did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the worst. The worst part of the face was the breath. That\u8217\'92s not quite part of the face, but oh, the breath! If there was ever a sign of what a person is, it was the stench of breath. Cover it up by gargling pango juice, but that never lasts long. Little wonder that Jeket has a whole market street dedicated to tinctures and chews that are supposed to suppress the smell of the curdled things hiding in between the teeth, or pasting the tongue, or tucked into tonsil folds. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now, Mandri }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 could}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  ignore all that, if he must. But there was no getting past the basics. There was no fixing a face\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s structure. There was not one person alive whose face was symmetrical. There was always, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , some feature which started growing in the wrong direction as a child and kept going with age. Perhaps the left nostril didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grow fast enough to keep up with the right nostril when puberty hit. Titled chins. Slanted eye sockets. Most common is the uneven brow. Sometimes the whole face swivels around to one side of the skull, and so one cheek gets slapped more than the other. Perhaps it was all smushed that way as the head squeezed out of the womb and there it stuck, leaving the mentioned with a lopsided smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only parts of the body Mandri liked to look at were the ones he generally wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allowed to look at\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a comic cruelty, but one he didn\u8217\'92t fret over, because the only reason he liked to look at those bits was precisely because he wasn\u8217\'92t allowed to. It was the temptation of the undiscovered. Though it wasn\u8217\'92t always that way. When he was younger, he could be fascinated by the depths found in the eye. Unfortunately, his brush spent so much time nibbling them that they\u8217\'92d lost their sparkle. Nowadays, they were nothing but squishy wet orbs squelching around in sockets. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And just as outer beauty is deceptive, so too is inner beauty. Mandri was certain that if he got close enough to Moteah, that if he got a whiff of her breath, so to speak, then the illusion that she was something greater than a walking, talking sack of Sparked meat, well, that illusion would crumble. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Still, she had no obvious tells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her hawkish features were tailor made for serious moods, and that was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s preference\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a frowning, serious girl. She was even frowning right now. She stood, hands on hips, that timeless pose of a girl trained in the art of woman-standing-still, and she was frowning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was frowning at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something the matter?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stand up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood up and walked over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re carrying that,\u8221\'94 she said, and she pointed to a wooden, L-shaped frame fitted with a bulging sack. It was the same device morning walkers used to haul sacks of grain to work off a drought debt. Mandri lifted it up without much trouble and slipped into the leather straps. The frame was the perfect size for his scrawny back. It even had a waist strap that pulled fast around his belly, keeping the weight resting kindly on top of his hips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He bounced up and down to test his chewed up leg. It was making a remarkable recovery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thought it\u8217\'92d be heavier,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you can carry more...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no. No. It\u8217\'92s more than heavy enough.\u8221\'94 He made a show of shifting the weight atop his shoulders. Moteah\u8217\'92s own pack was a huge, canvas wrapped lump in the shape of a giant bean, with the head of it looming over her own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How far is it?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Bullr bones lie two hundred miles east of here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two hundred miles?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was to start walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hurried after her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what, eight days?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It depends on you,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Ayram could make it in one\u8230\'85Have you ever walked that far?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not all at once.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked to see if they were following one of the old charnel roads. If it was there he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see it, as there weren\u8217\'92t any gentle humps of earth. The world was flat, and even flatter further on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He returned to the subject of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ugliness. He hadn\u8217\'92t seen it yet, but he was determined to find it. An easy way to capture a thing like that, when it was well hidden, was to ambush it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He waited for her to settle into the inertia of the journey, then he pounced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is something bothering you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face scrunched up, and her glaring eye suggested that he was the answer to his own question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ask, because it seems like something\u8217\'92s bothering you. I mean, a lot of people died today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was fishing now, and it seemed like she could tell. She glanced at him, perhaps expecting to find a sense of shame, but he had none.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a good thing you\u8217\'92re out here,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because the Sand is going to lick your spit until you\u8217\'92re dry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what that means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please, you\u8217\'92re not some regular Outland poke. You don\u8217\'92t belong out here any more than I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody belongs out here. You only come out here if you\u8217\'92ve got somewhere else you need to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, right. Like you\u8217\'92re looking for the Burshageet, is that it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you know about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only what Seb told me. She said no one\u8217\'92s ever seen it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have,\u8221\'94 she said darkly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should say, I\u8217\'92ve seen }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Burshageet. It was not the Burshageet that we now hunt.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s more than one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are. Or, there were. There will only be one in the end. There have been many, but as they find each other, they swallow each other, so in the end, there will be only one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does that mean you\u8217\'92ve killed one Burshageet already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Five years ago. It hadn\u8217\'92t yet grown into godhood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Five years? You must have been what, fourteen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah sighed. It seemed she was weighing whether or not she wanted to share the story. But seeing how eager Mandri was, and how many miles lay ahead, she decided it was best to get it over with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My grandfather\u8217\'92s tribe lived on the left bank of the Gan. A tribe called the Marggi lived on the other side. They were our enemies. Every year, in the summer flood, the blackgrass bloomed and the redtrout swelled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there were thousands of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and we fought with the Marggi over the good stretches of the river. We killed them, they killed us, all over fish. Thinking about it now, I almost can\u8217\'92t believe it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that strange a story,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how the Sand is, isn\u8217\'92t it? You have to fight for what\u8217\'92s yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah side-eyed a warning to be quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Marggi were Old, Old Jandri,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93They walked naked at night. By day, they wore nothing but hole-cuts; bark armor to ward off our arrows. We never did find out where they got bark that strong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds interesting,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t. It was constant fear. It was nasty. It was personal. You didn\u8217\'92t feel safe washing your robes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how blood feuds work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was worse than that; it was evil. I think both sides knew it. It brought a shame on all of us. My grandfather would hate me for saying that, I suppose\u8230\'85I should say I was too young to ever truly hate the Marggi. I never knew my uncles. I never saw them die. Moto did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does this have to do with the Burshageet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only way we ever talked peace with the Marggi was if someone sent a messenger across the river with a leg bone. One day, a Marggi man swam across the river bearing a painted skull. We could hardly understand what he was saying, because they spoke a strange tongue. He only knew one Hrkan word. He\u8217\'92d brought the skull, pointed to it, and said, \u8216\'91Demon ugi\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A demon did it,\u8221\'94 Mandri translated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He wanted us to follow him back across the river. We sent Moto to go with him. Moto came back with a story we couldn\u8217\'92t believe, and so more of us went over. I was one of them. I was young, but they let me go because there weren\u8217\'92t many fighters left. Two days of walking took us to the Marggi village. The first of the dead I saw was an old man pinned to a thick wooden post. He\u8217\'92d been pinned by his own bones. Something had ripped off his arms, flayed them, sharpened the wrists, and then used them as stakes. That was only the start of it. I don\u8217\'92t want go into the rest of it. The children weren\u8217\'92t spared. Anyways, the Marggi man pointed to each of the dead, pointed out his own dead wife\u8230\'85there were least two hundred of them, and each time, he said, \u8216\'91Demon ugi\u8230\'85demon ugi\u8230\'85demon ugi\u8230\'85\u8217\'92 The last hut we entered was his chief\u8217\'92s. The Marggi throne was a simple old chair that sat a little higher than the others. It was empty. He pointed to it and he said, \u8216\'91Demon ag\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is a demon?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. Simple as it was, he was less sure of this translation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The story we pieced together was that his chief had been ill for some time, and nearing death, he made a pact with Shis to destroy my tribe. But, as always happens, the Shis worked against him. Elrahet says that a Burshageet is born when a man sells himself to hate, and that is what happened. He must have turned and slaughtered his own people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We set out with the last Marggi to hunt this demon, but we never found it. We should have, but we were stupid. We didn\u8217\'92t know at the time what a Burshageet truly was. We thought it was mindless. It didn\u8217\'92t occur to us that the creature hadn\u8217\'92t finished eating. We had no idea what waited for us when we returned home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered, fearing what was coming next. Moteah paused her story to push down a lump in her throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dead everywhere. Those who weren\u8217\'92t dead were missing. Any hope of survivors was dashed when we found\u8230\'85I can only describe it as a man with a belly as big as he was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Marggi chief. He was passed out near the center of the village next to a pile of half-eaten friends. They were all missing their stomachs. He\u8217\'92d gotten those first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were able to kill him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto cut off his head. Elrahet says that it would have been the smallest Burshageet she\u8217\'92d ever seen. Because the way it works is that a Burshageet consumes Sparks, and as it does, its stomach grows, and the big ones can birth demons. The Burshageet we killed was still too small to breed. If it were any larger, we might not have been able to pierce its skin. If an Burshageet gets big enough, it can\u8217\'92t be killed. It takes the power of a god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri mulled the story over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If she were lying, she were an expert actress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It must be true.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He felt a sense of solidarity with her cause rise inside him. Hers was a great tragedy, one still clearly working on her even though she seemed to have pulled through it all admirably.  He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happens if you can\u8217\'92t get the Mazidfire out of me? If we can\u8217\'92t kill the Burshageet, then what, nothing can?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You worry too much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could I not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just don\u8217\'92t? That\u8217\'92s the dumbest thing I\u8217\'92ve ever heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94 Moteah said as her march came to abrupt stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry,\u8221\'94 Mandri said quickly. \u8220\'93Sorry\u8230\'85sometimes I say things without considering the impact. I didn\u8217\'92t mean upset you. I mean, I would think you would value the honesty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, the last thing you are is honest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is simply not true.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not even honest with yourself. You act like you don\u8217\'92t want to be here, but you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know you\u8217\'92re allowed to leave, right? You\u8217\'92ve always been allowed to leave, but you haven\u8217\'92t, and you won\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can walk away? Right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s what you want to do, then do it. The Sand is yours.\u8221\'94 She gestured wide to the empty landscape. \u8220\'93Do it. Maybe you\u8217\'92ll wander into the Burshageet and kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would chase me down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe. But that\u8217\'92s not why you won\u8217\'92t leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pointed over his shoulder, to an nearby patch of scrub brush, whose wild branches were clouded by a swarm of pinprick dots. It was a horde of tiny flies, looking like a misty, black aura. Their zipping wings whirred like a lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only Solraheen knows how many hook flies are over there,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93Why are they over there? They can go anywhere\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they can crawl into any hole, they can fly in every direction, they can explore the entire world and see things no hook fly has ever seen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but they don\u8217\'92t do it. They hover in that small bush out here in the desert. Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. He braced himself for a bit of folksy Outland wisdom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hook flies swarm like that because the most interesting thing around is each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She gave Mandri a considerate smile of unquestionable sincerity. Then she resumed her journey, leaving Mandri standing stock still, gawking at those stupid flies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like most figures of speech, Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s analogy had a surface charm that suggested a deeper truth, but it completely broke down upon further investigation. Humans weren\u8217\'92t like hook flies in any respect. There }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a reason those flies were flying around in a ball, but it had nothing to do social dynamics. There were more primal interests at play. Perhaps they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d found water there in that bush, or food, or the bush broke the breeze making it easier to fly in the first place. Most likely it was about sex; no doubt they bunched up into a cloud like that because it was the easiest way to bump their stiff little uglies into something that makes them feel alive. Maybe one could say that still lines up with Moteah\u8217\'92s analogy, because humans are much the same, but Mandri didn\u8217\'92t get the feeling that\u8217\'92s what she meant. In fact, these Ayramun were the least lascivious group of people he\u8217\'92d ever known; he\u8217\'92d not seen a single lip-licking wink between any of them, and he had been looking carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She called back to him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t fall behind!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He called back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to pee.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah hiked her bean-bag pack further up onto her shoulders and continued on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t she interesting,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She most certainly was. She matched the pattern of an idiot caught in the grip of a death cult. Yes, these Ayramun were a death cult. The way they handled those giant corpses inside Minting Rock. The way they gathered up those who fell in battle, Hrk and Ayramun alike; why pile them into a sphere? That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what death cult would do; compress the dead into a tight ball, for in death all Sparks would be joined together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He hiked up his robe to relieve himself. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to pee, but he pretended to. While he stood there, wondering what to do, a small brown lizard came crawling out of the sand. It hissed when it realized Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t forthcoming, and it scurried away and buried itself again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps the Ayramun weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a death cult.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If they wanted everything to die, then why try to kill the Burshageet?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was plausible that death cults would fight each other for the right to kill everyone else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He scanned the horizon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wide open in every direction. He imagined what would happen if he run out into it. There weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any hills to hide behind, but the shadows under every bush were dark as Fabled Black. He could hide in one of those.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Should he do it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wiggled his member and dropped his robe. Then he prayed to Solraheen in the best way he knew how, by giving a thinly-veiled critique. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it be said that I think this is a bad idea.\u8221\'94}}