{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 PUSH that her parents dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hair is loose here}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Is taht the same as in Minting Rock???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Thoughts:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Might be able to expand on \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91then he pounced\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Yeah the entry into the storytelling is somewhat weak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Maybe needs walking business}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PRIORITY CHAPTER}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only parts of the body Mandri liked to look at were the ones he generally wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t allowed to look at\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a comic cruelty, but one he didn\u8217\'92t fret over, because the only reason he liked to look at those bits was precisely because he wasn\u8217\'92t allowed to. It was the temptation of the undiscovered. When he was younger, he could be fascinated by the depths found in the eye. Unfortunately, his brush spent so much time nibbling them that they\u8217\'92d lost their sparkle. Nowadays, they were nothing but}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I might not need the second ugliness.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked to see if they were following one of the old charnel roads. If it was there he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t see it. The world was flat, and even flatter further on.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He returned to the subject of Moteah\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ugliness. He hadn\u8217\'92t seen it yet, but he was determined to find it. An easy way to capture a thing like that, when it was well hidden, was to ambush it. He waited for her to settle into the inertia of the journey, then he pounced.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah side-eyed a warning to be quiet. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The Marggi were Old, Old Jandri,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93They walked naked at night. By day, they wore hole-cuts\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 bark armor to ward off our arrows. We never did find out where they got that bark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds interesting,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah sighed. It seemed she was weighing whether or not she wanted to share the story. But seeing how eager Mandri was, and how many miles lay ahead, she decided it was best to get it over with.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In fact, these Ayramun were the least lascivious group of people he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d ever known; he\u8217\'92d not seen a single lip-licking wink between any of them, and he had been looking carefully.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It depends on you,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Ayram could make it in one. Have you ever walked that far?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not all at once.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face scrunched up, and her glaring eye suggested that he was the answer to his own question.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I ask, because it seems like something\u8217\'92s bothering you. I mean, a lot of people died today. Or maybe it was yesterday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She glanced at him, perhaps expecting to find a sense of shame, but he had none. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a good thing you\u8217\'92re out here,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please, you\u8217\'92re not some regular Outland poke. You don\u8217\'92t belong out here any more than I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody belongs out here,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You pass through it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re just passing through?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got somewhere I need to be. Both of us do.\u8221\'94}}