{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If Mandri had a kind bone in his body he would have shared a shoulder in comfort, and he would have told her that, no, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not your fault. But it was her fault. It was everyone\u8217\'92s fault but if she\u8217\'92d been able to control Obo from the start, then surely, it wouldn\u8217\'92t have come to this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And now Mandri was alone with the witch and Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dead body. He had no allegiances here. He stood up and joined the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop!\u8221\'94 Elrahet shouted.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The spreading pool of bile reached her toes. She sighed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know this might end wrong, but I\u8217\'92m tired. I\u8217\'92ve been fighting for too long\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 longer than any of you. I can\u8217\'92t fight any longer. It\u8217\'92s either this\u8230\'85or I won\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85it must be this.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo wrapped twisted his left arm up in the rag and used it like a club to wipe his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I remember proposing something to that effect,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93But I thought I was refused.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have accepted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Both parties have to accept\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 isn\u8217\'92t that how a deal works?\u8221\'94 He flashed a deadly serious face in between wipes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I do that? I don\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to kill any of you. We might not have made a deal, but there is a deal here to be made.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, \u8220\'93If you had a good reason to free Solraheen, would you do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo thought for a moment and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can only think of one good reason\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I would free Solraheen in exchange for the knowledge of the Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked for clarity in the faces of the Ayramun, but they were each as confused as he.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry!\u8221\'94 Elrahet called. \u8220\'93The Hrks still hunt us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was the first to move, for he very much wanted to know what Elrahet was on about. It was clear she possessed a secret knowledge, and maybe more. If she truly knew how the world was made, then perhaps she could explain a whole lot more than that. She might explain all of life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s absurdities\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why he felt like he\u8217\'92d been saved for something, why he wanted to know anything at all, why he wanted what he wanted, and why he despised everything else. All of this, surely, could be explained by this crotchety old witch named Elrahet. He ran after her, but first he stopped to retrieve his pack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo asked Mandri for a helping hand, for old times sake. Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dare refuse, and so he let the Mazid squeeze himself back onto the litter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, Moteah, and Purl shared a hushed conversation, and eventually they took up their packs and joined up with Mandri and Elrahet, bearing with them a trio of torches.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}