{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {He was always off and away; roaming deep in the forest, swimming in the pools of the River Ar that like all Gontish rivers runs very quick and cold, or climbing by cliff and scarp to the heights above the forest, from which he could see the sea, that broad northern ocean where, past Perregal, no islands are.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {There his aunt sat crosslegged by the firepit, and looking sidelong at the boy through the tangles of her black hair she asked him what he had said to the goats, and if he knew what the rhyme was. When she found that he knew nothing, and yet had spellbound the goats to come to him and follow him, then she saw that he must have in him the makings of power.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {She smiled at his ready ignorance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well and good. But I will bind your promise. Your tongue will be stilled until I choose to unbind it, and even then, though you can speak, you will not be able to speak the word I teach you where another person can hear it. We must keep the secrets of our craft.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good,\u8221\'94 said the boy, for he had no wish to tell the secret to his playmates, liking to know and do what they knew not and could not.}
\par\plain {He sat still while his aunt bound back her un-combed hair, and knotted the belt of her dress, and sat crosslegged throwing handfuls of leaves into the firepit so that a smoke spread and filled the darkness of the hut. She began to sing, Her voice changed sometimes to low or high as if another voice sang through her, and the singing went on and on until the boy did not know if he waked or slept, and all the while the witch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old black dog that never barked sat by him with eyes red from the smoke. Then the witch spoke to Duny in a tongue he did not understand, and made him say with her certain rhymes and words until the enchantment came on him and held him still.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Saying no word the mage came past Ged, and lighted the lamp, and put the books away on their shelf. Then be turned to the boy and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will never work that spell but in peril of your power and your life. Was it for that spell you opened the books?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Ogion knelt down and built the fire on the hearth and lit it, for the house was cold. Then still kneeling he said in his quiet voice, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ged, my young falcon, you are not bound to me or to my service. You did not come to me, but I to you. You are very young to make this choice, but I cannot make it for you. If you wish, I will send you to Roke Island, where all high arts are taught. Any craft you undertake to learn you will learn, for your power is great. Greater even than your pride, I hope. I would keep you here with me, for what I have is what you lack, but I will not keep you against your will. Now choose between Re Albi and Roke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ged stood dumb, his heart bewildered. He had come to love this man Ogion who had healed him with a touch, and who had no anger: he loved him, and had not known it until now. He looked at the oaken staff leaning in the chimneycorner, remembering the radiance of it that had burned out evil from the dark, and he yearned to stay with Ogion, to go wandering through the forests with him, long and far, learning how to be silent. Yet other cravings were in him that would not be stilled, the wish for glory, the will to act. Ogion\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seemed a long road towards mastery, a slow bypath to follow, when he might go sailing before the seawinds straight to the Inmost Sea, to the Isle of the Wise, where the air was bright with enchantments and the Archmage walked amidst wonders.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }