{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before the rise of the Hrks, the Fertile Portion was ruled by an Old Jandri king named Duror. To prove his dominion, Duror built granite brick columns, two-by-two-by-ten, at every bend of the river Jek. He carved his own his long-bearded, stone-cloaked, menacing visage into these columns, head heavy with a conical crown that weighed a quarter-ton. The first statue of Duror was built at the Jek\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s source, a spring high up in the Goree mountains overlooking a dramatic fall. The ages have sanded this statue smooth. He is little more than a gray wither of stone in the general shape of a man, earless and eyeless, a pillar that pokes the sun, moon, and stars as they spin endlessly overhead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Jek river descends down into the foothills where it is guarded by a spate of statued Durors that are sanded smooth as well. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re more like cattle scratch posts than filigreed statues of a king. Their heads are nubs, their swords are worn down to the hilt. Reed boats float by unoppressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then the river pours out of the foothills and meanders down into the brink of Hrkan civilization. There the statues of Duror were able to escape the erosive wind, though they could not outrun the chisels of recriminate outland men. Once inside Hrkan lands, the many Durors start to lose their bricks altogether as the stones are stolen to reinforce pastoral walls. When the river arrives at the outskirts of Jeket, all that is left of Duror\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s monuments are the enormous plinths upon which they once stood, for those stones are too large for anyone to bother with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Old Jandri statues disintegrate the nearer they come to Jeket\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there is symbolism here, and it is not subtle. Of course, everyone disagrees about what it means. A Hrkan patriot claims that it is a sign of Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cleansing influence on the old world, while outland folk see it as a sign of the corrupting evil inherent to city life. Outland folk yearn for that storied age when all peoples were rootless, when herds of oxen were free to be chased across the entire continent, when women wove blankets so long they could be wrapped around a village, when men were honest and would cut off their own fingers just to prove that they were sorry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But they were idiots. The Hrks were idiots too. Everyone involved was an idiot. The pivotal detail that no one cared to notice was that most of thoese statues were sitting alone out in an empty desert because the course of the Jek had changed dramatically over the centuries. The statues had nothing to do with Hrk and whether or not Solraheen smiles upon it. The correct interpretation was that nothing lasts forever, and while Mandri was sure about everything, he was damned sure about that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Observe reality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rivers change their course. Rivers dry up. Continents dry up. Everything living dies. Solraheen Himself was killed. Beauty fades. Sparks get sucked out of stomachs. Statues turn to dust. Everything living dies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth mentioning twice. Ideas are easy to kill, or at least, easy to corrupt. Nothing is permanent, and nothing is blameless, for innocence is famously easy to kill. In fact, that seems that to be the main function of innocence, to be killed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the cultured wail, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of Art?\u8221\'94 Great works of art are resilient. The statues of Duror may be withered crumbles but they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 are }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 still there, most of them, brooding over the countryside. In ten thousand years when they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re gone, they\u8217\'92ll live on in stories. And anyways, there are greater, older works of Old Jandri still living.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Mandri had seen all there was to see of Old Jandri make.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was not impressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 None of it would be valuable if Old Jandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t near to death. That\u8217\'92s what dying does for a work of art. A culture dies off, and whatever\u8217\'92s left gets priced as a relic. That\u8217\'92s all fine unless people mistake an antique\u8217\'92s aura for greatness. No, that\u8217\'92s an aura of doom. The browning, cracked paint is an invitation to imagine a world which failed to survive. The dust which dulls the surface, a sprinkling of dread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Minting Rock was such a relic. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri entered into its belly from the bottom, and was looking up at a central sunlit well that ran straight through the entirety of the rock. Far above, a canted column of sunlight split the blackness of the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interior. Mandri felt, without exaggeration, that he was inside the eye of a bead cast off from the necklace of some long dead mountain god. If it weren\u8217\'92t for the pain in Mandri\u8217\'92s leg he might\u8217\'92ve had a spiritual experience. Instead, he winced and whimpered from the pain in his leg as the knotted rope on which he sat jerked upwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ascended into Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s antechamber, which was a bulbous cocoon eight men tall. Aside from the central column of light, it was lit by two flower-flame oil lamps affixed to either shoulder of an Ayram-sized passage. The lamplight was dim, and so much of the room\u8217\'92s detail was lost to blackness, but what was visible as Mandri was pulled up took his breath away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The flat disc of a floor was embossed with a rotationally symmetric diamond pattern, and at the floor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edges this pattern ran smoothly up onto the wall, such that there was no distinction between where the floor ended and where the wall began. The pattern flowed upwards and split into several ribbons of sculptural stone, a weave that criss-crossed in and out of itself, a stunning fantasy that coupled geometric recursion with organic fluidity and pulse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all in stone. And it had dimension, as the topmost ribbons cast hard, shifting shadows on the ribbons underneath. It seemed as if the room were a cage dipped into some kaleidoscopic boil stolen from a burgeon binge. And that topmost layer, the bars of this cage, graduated from a swirl of ribbon at the floor into a prickling fence of barbed thorns towards the ceiling, and like climbing vines they spiraled all the way up this bulge of a room and converged towards the center of the ceiling, merging into the lashes of an oval eye whose iris was the open shaft which led ever upwards and into the light of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The room smelled like death. Before this smell could truly sour Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s experience, an unseen hand grabbed a fistful of his robe between his shoulder blades and yanked him off the rope. He was then plopped ass-first onto the richly patterned floor and the pain in his thigh reasserted itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Seb who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pulled him out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked in whispered wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Already told ya,\u8221\'94 Seb said as her near-toothless mouth squelched on a spine. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about the name,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93What }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  this place? Who made it? It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not Old Jandri make.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Already told that too,\u8221\'94 Seb said as she leaned towards him. The neck of her robe yawned at Mandri\u8217\'92s nose and her odor poured out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the horrible smell in this room was coming from her, like butter gone bad. She peered into Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes and said, \u8220\'93Now do what you\u8217\'92re told and get them burgeons, yeah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her smell was nauseating. Mandri scrunched up his nose and simply replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stood back up, then wilted. Even a hard-up outland woman couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t abide being found out like that. Her face could be ugly as mud, that was the world\u8217\'92s fault, but her smell was coming from the inside and it said something about her constitution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her tired eyes managed to impress upon Mandri a great disappointment. Mandri shrugged in turn. He knew her type. She was a nobody amongst nobodies, as irrelevant as one of Jeket\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crawlers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 beggars who beg from beggars. Mandri had a sense for these people even if they hadn\u8217\'92t yet fallen that far. There\u8217\'92s a dopiness about them. The face kind of sags. And they smell. To a man and woman, they smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess you don\u8217\'92t like burgeons,\u8221\'94 Seb snarled as she grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist and yanked him to his feet. Mandri groaned as his leg screamed while Seb pulled him headlong into the dark passage. Mandri limped along, steadying himself against the sculptured stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry!\u8221\'94 Seb barked as she yanked Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist again. Just ahead was a sputtering lamp whose light flickered over a set of chubby, upward swirling stairs. Ascending these stairs put an odd twist in Mandri\u8217\'92s mental map of the place, and it became difficult to maintain a sense of where he was within the rock. There was almost no light, and he was shoved through so many warped passages that all he knew for certain was that he was moving away from the center. Every new chamber and corridor became more cluttered and cramped, and the stonework less polished and more rough. The walls were still sculpted into an otherworldly weave but Mandri\u8217\'92s fingers could feel an inattention to thickness of edge. It was clumsy work, clumsy in comparison to what he\u8217\'92d seen in that central shaft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri got to thinking, after bumping his head on an absurdly low door frame, that whoever had carved this rock had perhaps carved out too much of it. Unless Older Old Jandri tribesmen were as learned as Hrkan architects in the art of stressing stone, the whole thing was bound to fall apart. And the further up and out Mandri went, the more slapdash the passages and rooms became. By the time he reached the outer edge of the rock, and saw a slit of bright blue sky though an embrasure, his fingers were brushing over stress cracks in walls. Once, in this dusty dark, he bumped his shoulder against an unworked wooden beam that arched over his head. He swore he heard the floor above buckle and sag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed him into a long and narrow room. It was long enough for him to lay down in, but barely enough room to turn around. This space had access to the outside air through a stippled pattern of finger-sized holes bored into the far wall. The sun didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shine directly through them, so these pinpricks of day sat on the black rock wall illuminating nothing, like a constellation of stars. They composed an Old Jandri pattern\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a simple, eight-flamed sun, the traditional symbol of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb elbowed Mandri further into this shoulder-squeezing closet, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when the room\u8217\'92s defining quality hit him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the air inside was thick with a foul smell, sweet and horrible, cloying, as if a mound of peaches had putrefied in some dark corner. Mandri gagged, clutched at his nose, and when the spicy bitterness stung the back of his tongue like rancid burgeon bile he spat and choked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought, at first, that this was a prayer room and that the smell was incense put here to trigger his spiritual impulse. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t entertain the thought that this scent was meant to mask a fouler smell until he reached out into the dark to steady himself. Instead of slapping against stone, his fingers sank into something that felt curiously like skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped and recoiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He bounced into the opposite wall, and his palm brushed up against a dried and bony limb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped again, and prayed fast that Solraheen would adjust his eyes to the darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb slapped the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep still. Damn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s in here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry \u8217\'92bout it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed Mandri towards the stipple-pricked sigil of Solraheen. Mandri turned to protest his new accommodation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ass down an\u8217\'92 quit flappin,\u8221\'94 Seb commanded. \u8220\'93Place is sacred.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandi didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to get slapped so he shut up and sat down. This was a dicey proposition, because something dead was resting on either side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri prayed for a light, and by Sol, there it was, it came creeping up the corridor behind Seb, a diffuse orange lamplight. Seb spun around and there was the girl Moteah, standing in the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance, looking a little scarier than Mandri remembered. She was clad in a clean beige robe and her wild hair was wrapped up tight in a severe headscarf, such that it almost seemed she had no hair at all. Her black skin glistened red from all the red kell oil she\u8217\'92d smeared on her face. In the dim light, it almost looked like blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move,\u8221\'94 she said to Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb begrudgingly stepped out of the room to give Moteah the space to enter. As she did, the oil-dish lamp she held before her splayed its light into the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interior, bringing this haunting \u8216\'91closet\u8217\'92 to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cut into the black rock walls were coffin-sized slits, three on either side, stacked one above the other. Inside each of these, resting in peaceful repose, was a corpse, each in a different stage of decomposition, and each naked as from the womb, and all of them, as far as Mandri could tell, were giant men. Ayram-sized men. Their beards were black and gray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The corpse that the light lit clearest was as black and shriveled as a grape weeks fallen from the vine. It was impossible to say for certain how long that body had been lying there, for an unbothered corpse in the Sand could last an age, but cloistered away in Minting Rock, sheltered from the wind and abrasion, well, a corpse could last for as long as Solraheen willed it. That body could be as ancient as the sun itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shadows licked at its dry, pruned up shoulder. Its desiccated hand with purpled fingers sat on the grave\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge, like a giant spider creeping into the light. All of it was frosted by a layer of dust. There was no hint of bloat, no tar-like iridescence of fresh rot, though it was clear now that these bodies were the source of the smell. Mandri compared the disgusting sight of them to the memory of his own demon-bitten leg. He wasn\u8217\'92t faring much better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah set her lamp down in a shallow recess in the wall which had been carved for the purpose. In her other arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her handless arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she clutched a small grass basket close to her chest, and this she set on the floor at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. From it she pulled a puffy square of gray wool folded up into itself. Next was a bundle of hairy, spade-shaped leaves knotted at the stems. Then came a stone mortar which tinked against the floor. Last came three small alabastron jars that were packed to the brim with waxy substances, one red, one green, and one blue. Moteah hesitated with these, treated them more gently than the rest, and once all were arrayed out before her, she handed the basket back to Seb, who tucked it mindlessly into one of the corpsedens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see the bite,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri leaned onto his right ass cheek and drew up his robe. He rolled his wounded thigh into the light. The old poultice was wrinkled and hanging half off. Moteah eyed the dark veins in his leg with a keen interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you look at that,\u8221\'94 she muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was standing right behind her, hovering over her shoulder, chewing on a fresh borcandi spine, munching it right by Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop blocking the light,\u8221\'94 Moteah snipped. She then pulled a thumb-sized pestle from her robes and she dolloped a two-finger-dip of each colorful wax into her mortar. She clearly wasn\u8217\'92t accustomed to doing everything with one hand, so each time she clawed wax from a jar, the jar slid and teetered on its base and she had to catch it from rolling. It was hard to tell which annoyed her more, her handless left arm which hung in the air like a useless fool, or Seb, who did much the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How bad does it hurt?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About as bad as can be,\u8221\'94 Mandri grimaced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should be dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah peeled back the old poultice to reveal the black wound underneath. It was an awful sight, smothered over with that mucky paste}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You survived because you\u8217\'92re a Mazid,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Demon blight seeks the Spark, but you haven\u8217\'92t got one. You should count yourself lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb crowded back into the light, and she started to speak before dealing with the wash of juice in her mouth, so her tongue was swimming under the consonants, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He ain\u8217\'92 luggy, he onna path.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah pushed Seb back with a miffed look, and then set herself to mixing the medicine in the mouth of her mortar. She poured a finger-full of water from her personal waterskin into it, swirled it around with the wax, then plucked three leaves and dropped them onto the swimming globs of color. She let it all soak for a spell, and then she began to knead it all into a paste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri watched with eager intent. So did Seb. She leaned back into the light and her shadow interrupted the rhythmic thump of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pestle. Moteah paused and gave Seb another miffed look. Seb held her hands up and moved back slowly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought that wax was insoluble in water,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as Moteah resumed smashing the bits of leaves down into the sopping goop}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must not be wax,\u8221\'94 Moteah said dryly. By now the colors in the mortar were beginning to mix, turning a greenish shade of brown that looked nearly black in the lamplight. She then unfolded the woolen square to make a pocket, which she then packed full with the dark goo from her mortar. She cradled this poultice patch in her hand and slapped it paste-down on Mandri\u8217\'92s wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shock of pain ran through his hip, and he nearly bit through his tongue. Just as he was about to curse Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name, a quick iciness shot into his leg and chased the pain deep down to the bone. When the wincing excitement wore off, he was surprised to find that the pain was gone completely. His leg was numb cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 he said, relief shaping his voice. \u8220\'93That was fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re welcome.\u8221\'94 She was clearly expecting thanks, unfortunately for her, she looked a little too much like her brother for Mandri to say thank you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know your brother did this to me,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The twist in Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow unraveled. She sat back on her haunches with a sigh. \u8220\'93I would apologize, but I try not to make a habit of cleaning up after him.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. He\u8217\'92d expected her to defend her brother. \u8220\'93Well, thanks\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for, you know\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah flashed a quick smile, more in reflex than appreciation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t get used to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb swallowed back the flood in his mouth and said to Obo, with a little more diction, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now that ya got ya back, make \u8216\'91im do somethin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As Mandri wondered how that could be construed as an acceptable answer, a worried, wordless shout sounded out from somewhere below. That shout was followed by a loud, two-fingered whistle ringing through the rock. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah and Seb share a look, like WTF?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 Moteah muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t be good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah fetched her basket and gathered her ministrations. She swept herself up, and before she left the room she turned and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Watch him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No shit,\u8221\'94 Seb mumbled as Moteah disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was left confused, and when Seb}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was the whistle for Hrks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrks?\u8221\'94 Mandri ask You mean they\u8217\'92re near here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what the whistle said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She cocked his ear towards the stipple-pricked wall and listened for something which Mandri could not hear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After a suspenseful pause, Seb answered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a column of Hrkan Skulsi marchin\u8217\'92 right at us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gonna to slaughter us all.\u8221\'94 Her dark eyes settled into an easy gleam as if she were happy about it. \u8220\'93Unless you do somethin \u8216\'91bout it,\u8221\'94 she added. \u8220\'93You a Mazid, you ain\u8217\'92t gotta choice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, I think I do. That witch will never be able to wield me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To put it simply\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she\u8217\'92s too kind to be a Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94 Seb exclaimed as a smirk played on her lips. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know shit \u8216\'91bout Elrahet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You forget that I am bound to her will. As we speak her fingers grip my heart. I can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 feel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  what she feels, in a way.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve had a Minder before and his will was pitiless, so believe me when I tell you that I know what cruelty feels like\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she doesn\u8217\'92t have it. It\u8217\'92s a constant gnawing. And I suspect that cruelty is a necessary part of being a Minder. Foul as Elrahet is, she doesn\u8217\'92t have it. In fact, I bet if I got to know her, she\u8217\'92d be kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb chuckled and ___. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kindness don\u8217\'92t mean what you think it means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think \u8216\'91bout it. On the whole, and this is more\u8217\'92n true, on the whole folk are more likely to hate than love. So if }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 kindness }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 is how people treat their }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 own kind}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , then a kind person is a hateful person.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stupefied. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not what the word means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think I\u8217\'92m wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter what word we use to describe how Elrahet is. I said kindness, and while that might not be it, it doesn\u8217\'92t change the fact that she isn\u8217\'92t cruel enough to do what needs to be done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Words matter, Mandri. Tell me to be kind an\u8217\'92 I\u8217\'92m gonna to be kind, but I got a different understandin\u8217\'92 of the word. But we far afield from the problem at hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb set her eye once again to the Sand, and just as Mandri was about to ask \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how long till they arrive\u8217\'92, an answer rudely interrupted him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 from out beyond the stipple-pricked sun of Solraheen came the deep and yawning howl of the Hrkan horn of war. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEEoooooooooooooooommmm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole room vibrated. The rest of Minting Rock was sent stirring with hollers as the Ayramun whooped their excitement. Mandri gingerly pushed himself up against the corpsefilled wall, careful to not bother his leg, all so that he could turn and look through one of the small holes in that stippled sun. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see much, but sure enough, set against a field of fiery sand was a distant column of white-robed men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Proves my point,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Folk don\u8217\'92t march around like }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to feed widows and orphans, do they?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That there is the kindness of men in full regalia.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shrill whistle suddenly rang out from the oculus above. A heartbeat later, and Minting Rock was alive with the slapping patter of leather-soled feet as muffled shouts reared out of unseen corridors. It was as if Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s door had just been knocked and all the house mutts were flung into a muster. Hill came climbing up the well-shaft rope, his stout frame slinking up like a fat caterpillar. He regarded neither Mandri nor Seb as he disappeared into the chamber above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There came, springing out of the tall passage to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left, a clink of metal on stone. This thumping clink repeated again and again, in time with a giant\u8217\'92s stride, growing louder as it neared the antechamber. Mandri found himself trembling when Ayram stormed into the room, beard-jutting and wild-eyed. In his hand was his long iron spear, which barely cleared the passage ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto followed him in, and waddling in behind Moto was the short, black-ragged witch, Elrahet. She lingered in the passage mouth, under the flickering lamps, and her dark hood cast a long, hard shadow which hid her eyes from view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me how you did it,\u8221\'94 Ayram growled. His deep voice was twice as deep inside this echo chamber.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t do anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  He said, voice hoarse, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me how you did it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He knows nothing,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, as if pressed for time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram did not reply. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to. A man his size could simply stand still, and that was intimidating enough to scare a reluctant tree into shaking off its fruit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pushed himself up into a sitting position. His head drooped as if his neck were so weak it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bear the burden. He hoped they couldn\u8217\'92t see that playing too hard for sympathy here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it can be difficult, sometimes, to draw a clear line between cause and effect, but blaming me for anything seems unreasonable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram lifted his great spear, then let it slip down his fist and its wide chisel tip hit the stone floor next to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the one that captured me and brought me here. If I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve brought you any trouble, then you\u8217\'92ve brought it upon yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram remained silent. Mandri suspected the man was realizing that Obo was incapable of feeling fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I may take a moment to ask,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93What is it you plan to do with me? You speak of killing demons but I don\u8217\'92t believe you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With a twist of his wrist, Ayram set the iron spike to rest against Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collar bone. The weight of it almost tipped Mandri over. He tried to shrug it off, but Ayram set it right back on the bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did they find us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at the spike\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tip and was unimpressed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you honestly believe that a Hrkan Lord would make a weapon as powerful as me without devising a way to track me down should I get loose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They can track you down to anywhere?\u8221\'94 Moto asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you truly never heard of the Mazidariga?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had never heard of the Mazidariga. And judging by the dumbfounded expression in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, and the odd tilt in Ayram\u8217\'92s chin, neither man had heard of it either. Since neither were willing to admit to not knowing something, an uneasy silence went unbroken until Elrahet grumbled aloud, \u8220\'93Riga means shadow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto bent down and began to examine Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow on the wall for a sign of some obscure magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not my literal shadow,\u8221\'94 Obo said with disdain. \u8220\'93A Mazid\u8217\'92s shadow is a creature. Their purpose is to hunt us down. You cannot hope to hide from the Hrks so long as you hold onto me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going to fight them?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked in disbelief as he watched Moto disappear. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very brave. I hope you don\u8217\'92t expect I\u8217\'92ll be of much help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was halfway through a frustrated sigh, when a shrill and steady whistle sounded out from the Hrkan column and pierced his thoughts, pushing out all other concerns. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a metallic, tinny tone that quivered like a strandtail\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warble, only it was ten times louder and harsher than any shriek any bird could ever make. That damned sound cut through the rock so clearly that its source might as well have been in the room. For Mandri, it was an ear-splitting pain, but to Obo it was doing something stranger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Mazid had fallen over onto his side and was squirming. His eyes rolled around in their sockets, twitching and turning as if a worm were chewing his ocular nerve. The whistling jumped to a higher pitch and Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole body began to convulse in violent fits. Mandri reached out to keep Obo\u8217\'92s head from thumping against the stone, but Obo\u8217\'92s stomach wretched, his chest heaved, and a dim gray formless ember shot out from his mouth, leaving his body limp and lifeless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The strange light hovered just above Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips for the briefest sPel, and then the whistling shifted its register again, higher still into a pitch reserved for animal spirits, and the gray ember shot right towards Mandri\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ducked and the ember whizzed past his neck, its energy scorching his skin as it went. It zipped on to punch a hole the size of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fist into the rock behind him. Mandri spun around in time to watch it fly up into the air. He lost sight of it for a moment against the bright midday sky, then found it again as it dove towards the distant column of Hrks. As it fell, the whistling fell to a drowning timbre, until, with a flash, the light and the whistling were snuffed out altogether, apparently swallowed by a figure at the head of the Hrkan column\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a figure much shorter than the rest and robed in black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears could recover their tuning, the Hrkan horn of war sounded out again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWWWEEEEeeeeoooooooommmm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The deep bellow shook Mandri out of his skin. Terror welled up in his gut. He could see the column clearly now through his punched out window, and as the Hrks marched they flattened out into a solid square. A command was barked and the soldiers quickened their advance, bracing their white, oblong shields up against the smattering of arrows that was sure to come.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto,\u8221\'94 said Ayram after a thoughtful pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get the pokes blooded up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 said Moto. He then jumped onto the well-shaft rope and climbed out of sight with a few, powerful pulls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram twisted around to glare at Mandri. It might have been the shadows, but Mandri thought he saw a flash of ire. H swung his spear around so that the sphere-end struck the ground. The metallic clang shut Obo up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bowed in deference as Ayram and Elrahet swept out of the chamber, back into the passage from whence they came. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s iron clinked against the stone as he went, though the sound was soon lost amongst the yip and din as a band of the hardest pokes prepared themselves for battle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Recovering}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Twenty paces later, and Mandri heard the twang of bows and the fluttering phhht of arrow fletchings brushing through the air, rushing high up into the sky. Ten Hrkan paces later, and a flock of black arrows fell upon the hide of that onrushing Hrkan square. Most of these missiles bounced harmlessly away, but some snuck in between the scales, marked here and there by the sudden tumbling of one of the Hrkan number, each followed by a chorus of triumphant yips as several Ayramun took credit all at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These little victories did nothing to slow the Hrkan advance. Every gap opened by the felling of one soldier was closed in quick-step time, and when, at last, it was clear that they would not scatter and flee, the yips of the Ayramun twisted into stressed appeals for Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intervention. The more practical among them sprinted from room to room, trying to find better angled holes to fire upon their target, sometimes crashing into each other, each screaming insults as whole bundles of arrows were split.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb rushed by Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hole, then came back, noticing the fresh new vantage in the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move out of the way!\u8221\'94 she shouted as she ran in. She kicked Obo\u8217\'92s lifeless body to the side, then squatted down and started firing arrows at the marching men. They were close enough now that their eyes could be clearly seen peering over their shields.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb fired her arrows with ruthless efficiency, but judging by the stream of curses that followed every shot, she was missing her mark. After each twang of her bow, her shooting angle shifted steeper and steeper down to match the Hrkan advance, until at last the white-cloaked Hrks tucked themselves up under Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bulging belly. Seb then grabbed her bow in both hands and snapped it on her knee. She tossed the kindling at Mandri and pulled her dagger, then fled from the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Mandri heard a noise which froze his body solid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chink-TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 Mandri wondered aloud.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chink-TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It sounded like a chisel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked again through the hole in the wall and tried to make sense of the situation. So high up, it was impossible to see directly below. He only caught glimpses of upturned shields, and in the center of each, the gold-eyed Hrkan sun was looking up at him with dumb indifference.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK-TINK-TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The chiseling was getting louder, faster, followed close behind by the roars of Hrkan men possessed by the spirit of battle. Somewhere far below, in Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance well, limbs were getting hacked to pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then came a loud stone-splitting crack and the whole of Minting Rock lurched. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stumbled but caught himself as the sound of crunching rock ran through the floor and ceiling.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CRRRCKKKKkkkk-krrrk-kkkkkk-k}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All went silent in the wake of this rock-hewn thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No shouts of struggle below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No clash of sword on shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For a brief, glorious moment, every Sparked body, from man to flea, dropped their troubles and shared the exact same fearish feeling, and this glorious communion might have lasted forever if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t split by the tinny sound of another chisel strike on stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A long, jagged crack exploded into the floor of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s burial chamber as Minting Rock lurched again. The dust of ages shook loose from the ceiling, as if the room above had been hammered by Solraheen\u8217\'92s fist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo,\u8221\'94 Mandri said to the glassy-eyed and lifeless Mazid. \u8220\'93Obo, we\u8217\'92d better leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another jolt shook the room, and the crack in the floor opened wider. Mandri shuffled away just as a thunderous boom sent the crack darting across the whole length of the floor and up the sun-stippled wall, fracturing the chamber in two. With a sudden crunch, the chamber\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole left side slid down an inch before coming to a rest on some new fault in the foundation far below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, fear pulsing wild in his chest, yanked one of the aged corpses out of its resting place and tossed it onto the ground. He then grabbed Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limp body and threw the Mazid into the now unoccupied grave. He pushed Obo as far towards the back as he could, and then he crawled in alongside. The very moment that Mandri tucked in his legs, the opposite wall started to collapse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first thing to go was Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clay oil lamp. It jostled loose from its perch and smashed onto the floor, splashing licks of oil and flame about the room. Then the wall behind it shook, and the seams in the ceiling burst, shooting a jet of smoke into the room, flooding Mandri\u8217\'92s grave with dust, obscuring the air so completely that Mandri could not see the hail of stone come crashing down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What he did see, after wiping the dust from his eyes, was the awesome sight of Minting Rock split in half like a geode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before he could even register his shock, the opposite half began to fall away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Haunting screams split the air as those Ayramun stuck on the wrong side of this split-open stone grasped their impending doom. Three men jumped across to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, but below, a ragged, fear-stricken woman straddled the half-shorn wall of what once was a tunnel. Mandri watched in terror as she rode the undone structure down into a billowing cloud of dust, crying, \u8220\'93Sol! Sol!\u8221\'94 as she went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri closed his eyes against the deafening crash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen, my god,\u8221\'94 he prayed. It was the start of a daily prayer, but there was nothing in it for he\u8217\'92d long forgotten the rest of the words. He hoped it was the thought that counted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He opened his eyes again, and peered down at the chaos from his blessed perch. The floor was completely gone, and in its place was a hundred foot drop down into a swirl of rust-colored smoke. Beyond that, the bright desert stretched out for forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shout rang out below. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a shout of fright. It was a shout of effort, of murder. Mandri watched as the swirling smoke lifted to reveal a swarm of white Hrkan cloaks, some moving amongst the crumble of black rock, some deathly still, and some of those black rocks moved, some jumped out of the structure still left standing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these were Ayramun in their dark, dusty rags. Once again, the battle was joined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri crept back into his hole\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no clear way to get down, not that he wanted to. He was oddly happy to be stuck up in his high hole. No matter who won down below, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be safe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK-TINK-TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whatever demon had split open Minting Rock was not finished, and this time Mandri could feel the chisel strokes resonate all through the rock around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He curled up in his grave, wrapped his head in his hands and tried to shut out the horror of it, but this was no good, because his sense of equilibrium remained, and it screamed bloody murder as his half of Minting Rock began to tilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first it was only a slight shifting as the rock swayed away from the melee down below. Then a loud clap of snapping stone sounded out, and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perch swayed precariously back the opposite direction. He scrambled to grab hold of something, to stop himself from spilling out of his hole and into the open air, and just as his hip began to slide, a thunder of faulting joints burst up from below, and a puff of smoke shot up from the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole terrifying thing swayed back away yet again, before settling into an unstable, precipitous tilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What was left of Minting Rock dithered there, letting the dread get nice and settled in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, until, at last, there came a shattering CRACK, and the structure began to fall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri braced himself in that half-shorn tomb as the horizon fell out of the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole structure rolled onto its back like a freshly halved melon, and Mandri could do nothing but look to the sky and be helpless. If there were clouds they would have been zipping by, but there was only the atmosphere, that gradient of blue shifting into a deeper blue, and for the first time ever, Mandri noticed that the desert sky is a bluer blue than any other. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have time to wonder why that was, for amid the rush and tumble his sight was swallowed up by a cloud of black-red dust, a suffocating blur of sand and stone. As Mandri began to realize the horror of being buried alive, his rock grave snapped open, and the back of it sprung loose like a tensioned lever, catapulting him into the air. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri flew low above the surface of the earth, and such was his speed that he smashed right through the brambles of a karkle bush before tumbling into a ragdoll skip along the surface of the warm, red-orange sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he finally came to a stop, he found himself half buried in a fledgling dune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And he was alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled himself free from the earth, spat some of it out of his mouth, coughed a bit of dust out of his lungs, then rubbed his eyes open, surprised to see that his scrawny self was still well-put-together. The shoulder which had borne the brunt of impact wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even scratched. There weren\u8217\'92t any bones sticking out, at least. And while the demon bite on his leg was still smarting, Moteah\u8217\'92s poultice was still knotted tight. Everything else was where it was supposed to be, save for his hand. The only thing that truly hurt was the left side of his face, which had bit the sand when he landed. Still, that was nothing. Considering everything, that was nothing. He\u8217\'92d been tossed almost fifty yards and was no worse for wear. Meanwhile, what was left of Minting Rock had collapsed into a heap of rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a miracle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a miracle coming after a string of miracles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By rights he should be dead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dead three times over. In Meskalim, Salavan had choked him to death, and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come back from that. He\u8217\'92d been chewed up by a demon, and he just so happened to be traveling with a woman who knew how to cure it. And now he\u8217\'92d survived a fall from a height that should have squashed him flat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yet here he was, alive and breathing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wild.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked up at the bright blue sky and blinked at the sun, and he felt, in that blessed moment, that he was staring into the Spark of Solraheen Himself. Perhaps this rapture would have drawn out a word of praise, and he might have become, then and there, the most devout of all possible men, but it was not to be, for a Hrkan Skulsi was creeping up behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Die, you rangy lizard!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned and saw a mustachioed man in a sparkling white robe running at him with his blade drawn high. Despite the look of fury and rage twisting this soldier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t frightened. Actually, he felt a confidence brewing. If he was supposed to be dead three times over, then what was a fourth?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He held up his hands and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I surrender!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soldier stopped his sprint and seemed pleased to hear it. A proud curve swelled in his chest, and he stomped over to where Mandri knelt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My luck I should catch a coward,\u8221\'94 he said. He held his shining iron sword towards Mandri\u8217\'92s neck and beckoned with its tip for Mandri to stand up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walk,\u8221\'94 said the soldier, and he pointed with his sword in the desired direction, towards a detachment of white cloaked soldiers standing some thirty yards away from the cloud of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s still seething rubble. Those Hrks stood shoulder to shoulder, watching the throes of Minting Rock as if it were something they\u8217\'92d seen ten times before, and perhaps they had. They were big, bearded men, veterans of many battles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced as his captor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword prodded the small of his back, and he walked towards the Hrkan line. The squealing stone of Minting Rock settled into its final resting place, giving Mandri\u8217\'92s still-stunned hearing the chance to pick out the clamor of battle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 breathless shouts of fury, metal clanging against metal, a staccato burst of excited yips, punctuated by a twist of agony.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first actual figure to pop out of that lifting smoke was Moto. Of course, the Zosan of all people should survive. He crouched atop a tall, slanted chunk of former floor, and with one hand he steadied himself, and with his sword he deftly waved off three Hrkan blades swiping at his ankles. Then Moteah came scrambling out from a hole in the nearby rubble, and as soon as she came she disappeared back into the swirling cloud of dust. Two Hrkan cloaks chased after her, but both came to a sudden, fluttering stop after something swung out of the dust and slammed into both their chests at once\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a bone-crunching WHUMP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The two men collapsed to the ground, and standing over them was Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant was so caked in dust that he looked like a creature borne from the Sand. The upper part of his black robe was hanging in tatters over his waistband like it were half-molted skin, and his long black hair, freed from his headwrap, was sweeping his shoulders clean as he twirled his blackened iron spear like it were a reed. He slammed it down and smashed its knobby end right through the skull of one of the fallen Hrks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The blood-crunch was so loud and gruesome that Mandri almost tripped on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The three Hrkan men who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been hassling Moto turned their pestering swords towards the giant. These men screamed curses at Ayram, this giant who\u8217\'92d slain their comrade with such brutal indifference. Ayram charged them, swung his spear in a swooping arc, and that famed Skulsi discipline went to Shis as the iron crunched through the first Hrk\u8217\'92s shield. In a blur, the chisel-head swung round and sliced right through the face of another Hrk. The final hapless soldier charged and stabbed, but such was Ayram\u8217\'92s speed that his iron spear was around again in time to brush the sword right out of the Skulsi\u8217\'92s hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man backed away in fright. He picked up a rock and threw it at Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, and before Mandri could see how Ayram dealt with it, he felt another sharp prodding in his back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on!\u8221\'94 his captor shouted. The man was unconcerned about his comrade\u8217\'92s plight. He was more interested in getting Mandri to the Hrkan line. So impatient was he, that he took Mandri by the wrist, upped the pace to a jog, and yanked a howling Mandri along behind, for though Moteah\u8217\'92s poultice was a soothing balm, the demon-bitten leg wasn\u8217\'92t capable of handling a run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After much fumbling and stumbling, they reached the Hrkan detachment and Mandri was thrown down to the sand. His captor set the cold edge of his blade on the back of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck to keep his head bowed in supplication. The man then pounded his chest twice, the standard Hrkan salute, and with the snap of a well-drilled soldier he declared, \u8220\'93My sirs, I\u8217\'92ve found another skulking bandit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri overcame the fear of the blade pressing against his neck to peep at the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sirs\u8217\'92 this soldier was referring to, and he was stunned to see that standing in front of him was a child, a boy, robed in black. Mandri stole a second glance and realized that it was not a boy, but a creature, white and hairless underneath its robes, just like Obo. It was so short that Mandri, kneeling, met him eye to bloodshot eye. Shielding this creature\u8217\'92s nose and mouth was a smooth iron plate riveted onto a leather band that was strapped tight around its head. It was a strange sort of muzzle, with only a small beveled hole for sipping air, and, Mandri presumed, for whistling, for no doubt this was the Mazidariga who had whistled Obo\u8217\'92s pseudospark into its own stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This Riga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were a child\u8217\'92s eyes, large and curious, yet their whites were so red that their edges were weeping blood, and worse still, the creature seemed unbothered by it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next to this Riga child was a short bald man clad in the gray-blue robes of a Hrkan scribe. All the fat on this man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body seemed to have settled in his face, giving him a curiously large head for his diminutive frame. It was such an incongruity, and scribes were such venal creatures, that Mandri wondered if this man had bribed some youth for the use of their body. It was either that, or he, next to this Mazidariga, was a fleshcrafted work of the Hrkan Lords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This scribe did not look at all pleased to see Mandri. No scribe ever was, for scribes of rank were learned men of acquired power, and they kept their silver sunrose brooches bright and blinding. They put so much effort into setting themselves apart that they could sense when someone didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t appreciate them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man looked down at Mandri, and with plain derision in his voice he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another coward lurking in the rubble. And look\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s missing a hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Riga child coughed, as if clearing his throat of sores, then said through its muffling mask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid\u8217\'92s smell is on him.\u8221\'94 There was no hint of menace in the child\u8217\'92s words\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was merely a statement of fact. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said the scribe, thoughtfully. He turned to address the soldier who\u8217\'92d captured Mandri. \u8220\'93The young master told you to fetch the Mazid\u8217\'92s body, not some outland poke playing at a Mazid\u8217\'92s Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes sir. Yes, sirs.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soldier saluted again, then ran back towards the rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you,\u8221\'94 the scribe said to Mandri, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose I\u8217\'92ll find your hand in the Mazid\u8217\'92s body, will I? You\u8217\'92ve committed a grave desecration. The Law affords you an opportunity to repent of your crimes, but I don\u8217\'92t suppose you\u8217\'92ll take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I, uh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very well,\u8221\'94 the scribe said without giving Mandri a chance to finish the thought. \u8220\'93You shall be delivered to the nearest Lord and sold into slavery. Someone take him away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on!\u8221\'94 Mandri whined. \u8220\'93Now, hold on. I haven\u8217\'92t done anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you haven\u8217\'92t, have you?\u8221\'94 the scribe said, clearly amused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m an honest Jandri man,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93The people in that rock stole me outside of Meskalim three days ago. I am their prisoner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A prisoner?\u8221\'94 The scribe said, and his incredulity slid naturally into a skeptical, chubby-cheeked chortle. The man then leaned over to address the Mazidariga to ensure the child had the correct interpretation of Mandri\u8217\'92s words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is what we call outland bluster. He is no doubt an outlaw like the rest of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is he?\u8221\'94 the Riga croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed he is. He is a liar. We shall keep him along with the other liar so they may be dealt the liar\u8217\'92s punishment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe nodded to a nearby soldier, who then dragged Mandri to his feet and led him behind the Hrkan line to where Seb was being held. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was so caked in the dust of Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collapse that she looked like a mangled root just dug up from the earth. Though her frown was unreal, she looked surprised to see Mandri. She did not speak a word of acknowledgment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right then,\u8221\'94 said the scribe. \u8220\'93Time to clean this mess up.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrkan horn sounded out and the soldiers lurched forwards into a ridiculous march, a heel-stomping strut, and they looked proud to do it, as if the Hrkan Lords themselves were watching. The scribe and Mazidariga walked in front, while both Mandri and Seb were forced at sword point to keep close behind. Soon the Hrkan soldiers came to a halt and spread out into a skirmishing line, giving Mandri a clean view of the corpse of Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The structure, having split in two and fallen apart, now formed two halves of an impromptu arena, with the rubble on either side rising step-like into the air, complete with dead spectators oozing out between the cracks of pancaked floors. Staged on the arena below was the giant Ayram. He stood resolute with four dead Hrks at his feet, one with his nose smashed flat against his skull, another with his face opened up completely. It seemed that Ayram had the beautician\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impulse for rearrangement, as well as a madman\u8217\'92s taste\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he seemed to believe that a man\u8217\'92s face was more pleasing to the eye if it were parted down the middle and hanging down around the shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Behind Ayram, crouching up on rocks like black-scratchers fleeing an incoming tide, were three of his band\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Moto, the old witch Elrahet, and Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe stepped forth to address them all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The battle is over,\u8221\'94 he said, projecting a firm and commanding tone. \u8220\'93Lay down your weapons and submit yourselves to the Law.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe clearly bore no actual expectation that the Ayramun would surrender. This was a formality, and formalities were honored because formality was what separated civilized men from the animals. The difference between a slaughter and the exercise of justice was whether or not it was preceded by an announcement. If one announces what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to do, whatever happens next is the victim\u8217\'92s fault. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe rolled his shoulders back, puffed out his chest and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since you have chosen life outside of the natural laws which govern all mankind, you will be dealt with according to the law of beasts. You shall be captured and sold in the court of the Great Lord Hababeen. If you persist in your barbarity, we shall undress your weight with a dull blade and feed your trimmings to pigs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chubby cheeks spread into a frown, as if he weren\u8217\'92t pleased to be issuing his threat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was also a formality. Mandri had met his fair share of scribes assigned to posts in the Sand, and to a man they were all perverted. The strange bureaucracy that surrounds the culling of outland folk attracts them, and the closer they held to the letter of the law, the more perverse was the performance, and the more satisfaction they got from pulling out the pokes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe motioned for both Mandri and Seb to be brought to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Toss your weapon onto the ground,\u8221\'94 he said to Ayram, \u8220\'93Or all of you shall be carved to the bone, beginning with these two skulking cowards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram planted the chisel-tip of his giant iron spear into the sand, but he did not loosen his grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe grabbed Mandri by the scruff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it be known that the course of law was offered and was rejected.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled a short knife from his robe and raised it up so all could see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say one last time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 toss your weapon! The light of the law demands it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lowered the knife to meet Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram looked like an ancient outland idol cloaked in the dust of untamed earth and anointed with the blood of weaker creatures. Mandri watched with bated breath as this wildman decided whether or not to surrender to a frail-backed, skinny-fat scribe. Yes, there were Skulsi here too, but never in all the turns of the world could such a man surrender to such a man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt an urge to do something to save his neck, and this desperate urge was overwhelming, it clawed itself out of his stomach regardless of whether or not it was welcome in the world. He squirmed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he knew not why but he squirmed under the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s firm grip. He could feel the man\u8217\'92s fingers sense his desperation. Mandri squirmed, and he was so unused to this urge\u8217\'92s working on him that it passed through him all too easily, too quickly, so that instead of coiling him up and unleashing a twist of fury, what came out of his body was a sneeze\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sneeze with snot and spittle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it came bursting out to fleck the knife and hand of the Hrkan scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ACHOO!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe recoiled in horror at the sight of the flag of snot dripping down the meat of his thumb. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You disgusting poke!\u8221\'94 he screamed. He made to wipe it off on Mandri\u8217\'92s robe, but before he could, Ayram\u8217\'92s spear slammed into his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe was thrown back by force. A rasping howl issued from his throat as the spear slid halfway through him and pinned him to the sand like a skewered pig.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram had thrown the damn thing. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d thrown it over thirty yards and hit his target square in the chest. And he wasn\u8217\'92t done\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he sprinted towards the Hrkan line, roaring like the beast the scribe had named him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The white cloaked Skulsi closed rank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to expect next, but it certainly wasn\u8217\'92t the sight of Ayram leaping over the line of swinging Hrkan swords. The giant came tumbling down behind them and rolled into a run. Five strides later he was standing over the scribe\u8217\'92s corpse. He reclaimed his spear. From there, he turned on the converging Hrkan Skulsi and swung.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram wielded his spear as efficiently as Mandri could handle a brush\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tight economy of strokes. Twenty-something Hrkan men he had to kill, Hrkan Skulsi no less, veterans of battles with bulging calves from all the marching, with manly beards and mule-kicked brows, faces to fear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how many swings of a spear should it take to bring down such a number? Surely the giant would have to waste a twirl or two to parry the swarm of blows arrayed against him. Fifty? If not fifty, then twenty? Mandri might have believed twenty if someone had told him the story secondhand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His disbelieving eyes counted ten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ten strokes to kill at least twenty hardscrabble soldiers. Ten powerful strokes. And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like Mandri would do in a portrait, where he\u8217\'92d make mistakes and wipe them away until he got it right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no room for error here, every sweeping stroke was deliberate and precise. Every swing had to solve at least two problems at once. Truly, these bloody, gut-ripping marks were the marks of genius. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When it was over, Mandri wondered why any of it was necessary in the first place. It seemed Ayram could slaughter the world and none would stop him. But when the last white cloak fell, Ayram dropped to his knees. There was a long bloody gash running down his ribs. He had not been perfect, if perfection was such a thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant drew a shaky breath and called for Moto. Moto came running, and as he approached he offered aid, but shooed him away and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill the rat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first, Mandri thought Ayram was talking about him, then he thought Ayram was referring to Seb. Then Moto went sprinting past them both to chase after the Mazidariga child, who was running away into the empty desert, running as fast as his little legs could carry him.}}