{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 TODO: get rid of the smoke punching a hole - have it filter through the stipple pricked holes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Moteah has severe headscarf thats missing here - is it in the pit cave?}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Obo reveals to purl why she cant control him. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not curelty enough.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 and her hair was as wild as  a weedbush puffing out of the wide black bandanna that she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d affixed to her forehead. The red kell oil smeared on her face picked up the warm light and made it seem as if her cheeks were rubbed raw, down to the bleeding muscle.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 REVEAL WHISTLING OF THE PSEUDO SPARK\line IT CAN DISABLE ME.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a metallic, tinny tone that quivered like a strandtail\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s warble, only it was ten times louder and harsher than any shriek any bird could ever make. That damned sound cut through the rock so clearly that its source might as well have been in the room. For Mandri, it was an ear-splitting pain, but to Obo it was doing something stranger.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mandri hard-hearted, practically stone, so when the storm was gone he was much the same.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Seb sees moteah in Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cave.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This be Minting Rock,\u8221\'94 Seb said as his near-toothless mouth squelched a borcandi spine. He was obviously an old hand at borcandi biting because he carried himself with that borcandi bent\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 like his muscles were stuck in tension and had been that way for years, shoulders hunched and tight, head knocked forward, limbs all slightly bowed as if he\u8217\'92d half-coiled up in fright and rusted that way. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 it was another object to add to that collection of things consigned to oblivion. Its }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe introduce Seb\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s jealousy of Moteah being Minder earlier.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man his size could simply stand still, and that was intimidating enough to scare a reluctant tree into shaking off its fruit.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only thing that truly exists is the mind of god, yet here you are!@}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs40\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::1>Backstreet tk look like he was born next to a bag of chitterlings<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 whooped their excitement}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \~stand on all ten and be yourself }
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 MANDRI WAS JSUT THE SAME \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1   ocean foam}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 knell}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Coup}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a coo. The \u8216\'91p\u8217\'92 is silent.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91p\u8217\'92 were silent there wouldn\u8217\'92t be a \u8216\'91p\u8217\'92 there.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rework \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91passenger  of the moment\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The new hedonism - the do what the fuck you want mentlity without regards to cultural norms.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Life is like a boner - things get hard, then exultaion.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I got some bad news}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bebb has parkinsons disease}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Someone who knows something bad about me is dying.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Did I get rid of this???:}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you do that because she told you to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In a way, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah fetched her basket and gathered her ministrations. She swept herself up, and before she left the room she turned and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Watch him.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}