{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri walked that day in silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen was difficult to comprehend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo was also confused, but he was also eager to hash it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo started off with an apology, because he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want Mandri to think that he\u8217\'92d lied\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he had said before that it was impossible for Mandri to be a Minder, yet Mandri had almost succeeded in calling for the Mazidfire. It was clearly possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If Obo had legs, he would have tripped over himself trying to explain why he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t explain Mandri\u8217\'92s near success. But Mandri knew the causes at play\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he had literally seen them, shining white threads pulling up his arm at Elrahet\u8217\'92s suggestion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The truth was that he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t done anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He explained to Obo about the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons, about what he saw, about how it was all Elrahet, that she\u8217\'92d controlled him, and she\u8217\'92d controlled him easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hearing this, Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s excitement at Mandri\u8217\'92s near success disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I know why I was chosen,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m chosen precisely because I\u8217\'92m so weak. I\u8217\'92m too easy to manipulate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He walked on, carrying Obo, into the gloom of night. He heard Ayram tell Seb to not venture so far ahead. He said that from now on, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We stick together.\u8221\'94 Seb became prickly after that. Call her name and she\u8217\'92d respond with a despondent sneer.}}