{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 a massive man who stood two heads taller than himself. The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s barrel of a chest was easily thrice the size of Mandri\u8217\'92s own. The man\u8217\'92s great bulk was draped in a white silk robe, and his face was Jandrian through and through\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 high cheeks, a strong brow, and narrow eyes. The only outlier was his hair, for he had no beard, just fat dimpled cheeks, and instead of the usual scruff of Jandri black, his hair was as white as his robe, or the rocks underneath his feet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  though Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be sure, for his burgeonsight was dimming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked so prim and proper because he kept his great bulk out of the rain through the use of a tiny, black-lacquered umbrella.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Salavan,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93And you are the great Mandrameen. I\u8217\'92m in love your work. I was hoping that, some day, you would find your way to my door, and here you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri spread his arms out wide to present himself, and he began to bow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No need for such gestures,\u8221\'94 Salavan clucked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have only forced you to see Salavan, and there he is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Motions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Standing under the  was a massive man who stood two heads taller than Mandri. His barrel of a chest was easily thrice the size of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own. His great bulk was draped in a white silk robe, and his face was Jandrian through and through\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 high cheeks, a strong brow, and narrow eyes. The only outlier was his hair, for he had no beard, just fat dimpled cheeks, and instead of the usual scruff of Jandri black, his hair was as white as his robe, or the rocks underneath Mandri\u8217\'92s feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded in respect for Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s title.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eerily, Salavan did not reply. He stood staring, like a freak.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}