{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo laughed, but Purl brushed away his disbelief with a snort, then said \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t pretend like those Skelsi marching this way aren\u8217\'92t bloodthirsty, raping, brutes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From where I sit, you Ayramun are much the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re nothing like them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, forgive me, then. You are kind, caring folk who didn\u8217\'92t chop off my legs. It must be that I have misplaced them. Seb, if you could go and take a look, they should be laying around somewhere outside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What Ayram did to you is a scratch compared to what you deserve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl shook her head as she slapped the gooey poultice onto Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wound. \u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t pull me into the mud,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I know what you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Outside of trying to bend me to your will, you\u8217\'92ve never once spoken to me, not until now. In fact, not a single one of you Ayramun had ever spoken to a Mazyd before three days ago. The truth is that I have more virtues than you can count. Certainly more than Seb can count. Can you count, Seb? Count to ten for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where I\u8217\'92m from you\u8217\'92d be killed twice over already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where I come from, a man who uses violence to deal with an uncomfortable truth is called a brute.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shut up,\u8221\'94 said Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you, my dear, are a brute as well. A fine figured brute, but a brute nonetheless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb flicked his wrist and sliced Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheek. It was only skin deep, but it was enough to draw a trickle of blood streaming down Obo\u8217\'92s jaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bloodthirsty brutes,\u8221\'94 Obo said. \u8220\'93And what was that last indictment of yours, Purl? Raping? You could rape me, Seb, but I don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92ll find my lower half in any condition to ravage. It\u8217\'92s a good thing you\u8217\'92ve kept my tongue intact because you\u8217\'92ll have to settle for -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb made to cut Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words short with his blade, but Purl leapt up and pinned Seb\u8217\'92s wrist to the wall. \u8220\'93Get OUT!,\u8221\'94 she yelled.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that was it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face went blank and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look to eachother. Eyebrows raised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said you\u8217\'92re a painter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Well, I was, I\u8217\'92m not anymore though. I\u8217\'92m a farmer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before he could finish his sentence, Purl had already swiveled on one foot and rushed out of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looks to Mazyd Obo}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Know anything about prophecy?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything there is to know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The guy who killed me kept going on and on about some prophecy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Never heard of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I thought you said you }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who was it that killed you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A crazy bastard named Salavan Saran. Three beans short of a full pod.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did he kill you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was raving about some kind of prophecy involving a painter and some god I\u8217\'92d never heard of. I\u8217\'92m a painter, you know, I mostly do portraits, and\u8230\'85well, that doesn\u8217\'92t matter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This prophecy involved killing you?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would seem so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl paused to consider Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s story. At first, she seemed confused, like there wasn\u8217\'92t a word straight. Then Mandri saw a glint in her eye and her whole countenance shifted to }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which god did you say it was?\u8221\'94 Purl asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which god was the prophecy about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri remembering the story was a little dark. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t remember,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not a prophecy I\u8217\'92d ever heard of. I think it might have had to do with Schisol, but Salavan had a different name for him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No wonder a demon bit you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo chuckled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you they were superstitious folk. You\u8217\'92ve just spooked that girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd Obo pulled himself out of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corner and stretched himself along the floor, now that there were fewer bodies in the room. All the way to the entrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can hear Purl talking with Seb right now. Want to know what they\u8217\'92re saying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo crooked his ear towards the entrance. Mandri tried to pick Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice from out amongst the whispering echoes and the sound of pattering feet of that carried through Minting Rock\u8217\'92s tunnelwork.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl mentions something called the Midden Rite\u8230\'85 Has to do with Mid, and that prophecy you were talking about. They fear this Mid\u8230\'85 That\u8217\'92s putting it lightly\u8230\'85 Ooof, Seb wants to cut off your head... While Purl\u8230\'85 Purl thinks Ayram should know about you first... Seb\u8217\'92s being stubborn about it\u8230\'85 And, aha! This is great. Seb says that if you truly are some prophesied soul, then killing you won\u8217\'92t solve anything because you\u8217\'92ll just find a way to come back. Now that\u8217\'92s the kind of childlike logic you love to hear from the outland folk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s exactly what Salavan said when he killed me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you know what, here you are, alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A man killed you, and you came back. Maybe you are a chosen one.\u8221\'94 Obo said this in jest, his tinged with the lilt of the unbeliever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I am,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here I was thinking Schisol never existed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If Solraheen exists, why wouldn\u8217\'92t His brother?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazydai have searched for evidence of Schisol\u8217\'92s existence, and we haven\u8217\'92t found a shred. Solraheen is real enough. I should add that, even if Schisol, or Mid, isn\u8217\'92t real, the fear of him is. You should be careful mentioning one of those names around these Ayramun. I suspect that they\u8217\'92re some blood cult of Solraheen that I\u8217\'92ve never heard of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s a little late for not mentioning Schisol.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sees a short black shape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a child with them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92d be Mazydariga.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, what, it\u8217\'92s got magic?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt it. If it were too powerful it\u8217\'92d be a worry all its own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo looks through the hole. Perfect discipline. Mandri doubted there were enough murder holes to make this defense work. Trickle of fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can it fight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, you have the memory of a bob-eyed lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looks through.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, Obo. Okay. You\u8217\'92re right. Let\u8217\'92s encourage each other. What should I say? I love you Obo, and I can\u8217\'92t wait to get slapped in the face with a sword right next to your skewered corpse. I can\u8217\'92t wait to set foot in the come-hereafter. Now, I know you haven\u8217\'92t got a Spark, so you won\u8217\'92t be there, but that\u8217\'92s just, well, that just makes this short time together so much sweeter, doesn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It really does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, it doesn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}}