{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/78768/pg78768-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 The Terrible Meek | Project Gutenberg}}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Before the curtain rises, a bell from some distant place of worship tolls the hour. Nine brazen notes, far off, out of tune. Then a heavy peal of thunder, and the sharp, cracking strike of a bolt; yet, above all, one other sound, more piercing\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a strange, unearthly Cry. There follows a mighty howling of wind, blended with a confused clamour of voices and the hurrying of many feet. The noises have almost all died away, when the Curtain rises upon inky darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A sudden hush. The silence deepens. There is a sense of moorlands and desolate places.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Far off, a cow lows in her stall. Some lost sheep down in the valley bleats dismally. Silence again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 It is broken by the Voice of a Woman, weeping bitterly.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~A Peasant Woman.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A bitter wind comes soughing up from the valley. The sheep bleats once, piteously. Then all is quiet again.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 vittles}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Soldier.\~It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s difficult to know wot\u8217\'92s wot in these outlandish places. It\u8217\'92s not like at \u8217\'92ome, sir, where there\u8217\'92s Law an\u8217\'92 Order an\u8217\'92 Patriotism an\u8217\'92 Gawd\u8217\'92s\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 O}{\f0\fs24\b0 wn True Religion. These blarsted \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92eathens got no gratitude. \u8217\'92Ere\u8217\'92s the Empire sweatin\u8217\'92 \u8217\'92er guts aht, tryin\u8217\'92 ter knock some sense inter their dam\u8217\'92 silly \u8217\'92eds; an\u8217\'92 wot do you get aht of it, orl said an\u8217\'92 done? Nuthin\u8217\'92! Nuthin\u8217\'92 but a lot of ingratitude, \u8217\'92ard words, insurrections, an\u8217\'92 every nah an\u8217\'92 then a bloody example like this \u8217\'92ere to-day! Oh, these foreigners mek me sick, they do reely!}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sullenly}{\f0\fs24\b0 ). I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~Whereupon, though we were practically ignorant as to the charge upon which this man was convicted: though we had grave doubts as to whether he were guilty at all; and while it is perfectly certain that we had nothing against him personally, that we even liked him, sympathized with him, pitied him: it became\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 our}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~duty, our sworn, our sacred duty, to do to him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the terrible thing we did just now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Soldier.\~I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see wot you\u8217\'92re drivin\u8217\'92 at, sir. You wouldn\u8217\'92t \u8217\'92ave a man go agen \u8217\'92is duty, would you?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m trying to make up my mind. I\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 d}{\f0\fs24\b0 on\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know. I\u8217\'92m blind. I don\u8217\'92t think I know what duty is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Soldier.\~It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perfectly plain, sir. Arter all, duty\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~duty, ain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~Yes, it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to be very much else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Soldier.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92Ow do you mean, sir?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Captain.\~Well, for instance, it doesn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to be love or neighborliness or pity or understanding or anything that comes out hot and fierce from the heart of a man. Duty! Duty! We talk of duty! What sort of devil\u8217\'92s duties are there in the world, do you think, when they lead blindly, wantonly, wickedly, to the murder of such a man as this!}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dutyonly ever subverts the heart of man. Doing his duty.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 Soldier.\~Well, far as I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m concerned, I on\u8217\'92y obeyed my orders.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~Orders! Obeyed orders!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Soldier.\~Well, sir, it was you as give them to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 C}{\f0\fs24\b0 aptain.\~Good God, man, why didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you strike me in the blasphemous teeth, the hour I gave them?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Soldier.\~Me, sir? Strike my superior orficer!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~You struck this defenceless man. You had no scruples about his superiority. You struck him to the death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Soldier\~(}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 hotly}{\f0\fs24\b0 ). I on\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92y did my duty!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~We have murdered our brother. We have destroyed a woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s child.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Soldier.\~I on\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92y obeyed my orders. When my superior orficer says,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Kill a man}{\f0\fs24\b0 , why, I just kill \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92im, that\u8217\'92s orl. O\u8217\'92 course I kill \u8217\'92im. Wot\u8217\'92s a soldier for? That\u8217\'92s duty! (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 With sudden lust.}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) Blood an\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 \u8217\'92ell! I\u8217\'92d kill \u8217\'92im soon as look at \u8217\'92im, yes, I would, if \u8217\'92e was Gawd aht of \u8217\'92Eaven, \u8217\'92Imself!...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Not as I \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ave anythin\u8217\'92 personal agen this pore devil. On\u8217\'92y I\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~know my duty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 They are silent for a little while. Then the}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Soldier,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 feeling that he has gone too far, begins assuaging the situation}{\f0\fs24\b0 ;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0 here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s one thing certain: it\u8217\'92s no use cryin\u8217\'92 over spilt milk. \u8217\'92E\u8217\'92s dead an\u8217\'92 done for nah, wotever comes. Dead as a door-nail, pore cuss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Captain,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 who has risen during his excitement, now sits down again. His sword clatters against a boulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92E ain\u8217\'92t the fust man I done for, neither; an\u8217\'92 I bet \u8217\'92e won\u8217\'92t be the last. Not by a long way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 He speaks in an aggrieved tone. It is the way in which shame comes to a soldier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain\~(}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 deeply}{\f0\fs24\b0 ). So you think he is dead, do you?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~It makes a difference, doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t it? There have been millions of our sort in the long history of the world. I wonder how many more millions there will be in the years to come. Blind, dutiful, bloody-handed: murderers, all of us. A soldier\u8217\'92s ghost must be a pitiable thing to see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The cloudy darkness slightly lifts from the ground. Their forms can be dimly discerned\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 vague shadows upon a deeper gloom. Up above there still dwells impenetrable night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Tell me, brother murderer, have you ever prayed?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A gray, misty light creeps over her face and hands. Moment by moment, her features limn out faintly through the darkness, one pale agony.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Her garments still blend with the general gloom.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a drunken bibber in the place, not a lozel, not a thief, not a loose woman on the streets, but called him brother. He would eat with them, drink with them, go to their parties. He would go with grand folk, too: gentlemen. He wasn\u8217\'92t particular: he would go with anybody.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A gust of anguish takes her, overwhelming her}{\f0\fs24\b0 ;}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~It is about myself.... I....}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Woman.\~Go on. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m listening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~I am a murderer. I want you to forgive me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 She does not answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I did it. I did it with a word. It was like magic. One word, one little word, and I was a murderer. There is nothing more terrible in the world than to be a murderer....}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And now I want you to forgive me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 S}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 he does not answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I suppose it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impossible. Forgiveness is impossible for a wretch like me. Because I killed him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sake, speak to me!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Woman\~(}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 in a stupor}{\f0\fs24\b0 ). I want to. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m trying to. But you say you killed my son.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~Oh!...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Woman.\~Why did you do it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~I did not know. Killing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s my trade. It was the only thing they brought me up to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 She does not answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I have been mixed up with it ever since I can remember. My father did it before me. All my people did it. It is considered the thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sort of thing a gentleman ought to do. They call it glory: they call it honor; courage; patriotism. Great kings hold their thrones by it. Great merchants get their beastly riches by it. Great empires are built that way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Woman.\~By murder?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~By murder. By the blood of just men. Women and little children too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Woman.\~What makes them do it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~They want money. They want power. They want kingdom. They want to possess the earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Woman.\~And they have won. They have it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~Have they? Not while your son hangs there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 She is bewildered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Woman.\~What do you mean? My son.... My son is dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~Is he? Not while God is in Heaven.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Woman.\~I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand you. What were you saying yourself, just now? On\u8217\'92y a little while ago I heard his blood dripping down here in the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 d}{\f0\fs24\b0 arkness. The stones are dank with it. Not an hour ago. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Woman.\~Why do you mock me? You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m mad. Are you God, as you can kill and make alive, all in one breath?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s alive. I can\u8217\'92t kill him. All the empires can\u8217\'92t kill him. How shall hate destroy the power that possesses and rules the earth?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Woman.\~The power that.... Who?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~This broken thing up here. Your son.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Woman.\~My son, the power that....}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Captain.\~Listen. I will tell you....}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I am a soldier. I have been helping to build kingdoms for over twenty years. I have never known any other trade. Soldiery, bloodshed, murder: that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s my business. My hands are crimson with it. That\u8217\'92s what empire means.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I}{\f0\fs24\b0 n the city I come from, it is the chief concern of the people. Building kingdoms, rule, empire. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re proud of it. The little children in the schools are drilled in obedience to it: they are taught hymns in praise of it: they are brought up to reverence its symbols. When they wave its standard above them, they shout, they leap, they make wild and joyful noises; like animals, like wolves, like little brute beasts. Children! Young children! Their parents encourage them in it: it never occurs to them to feel ashamed: they would be treated like lepers if they felt ashamed. That\u8217\'92s what empire does to human beings in the city I come from. It springs from fear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a peculiar kind of fear they call courage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And so we go on building our kingdoms\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the kingdoms of this world. We stretch out our hands, greedy, grasping, tyrannical, to possess the earth. Domination, power, glory, money, merchandise, luxury, these are the things we aim at; but what we really gain is pest and famine, grudge labour, the enslaved hate of men and women, ghosts, dead and death-breathing ghosts that haunt our lives forever. It can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t last: it never has lasted, this building in blood and fear. Already our kingdoms begin to totter. Possess the earth! We have lost it. We\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 n}{\f0\fs24\b0 ever did possess it. We have lost both earth and ourselves in trying to possess it; for the soul of the earth is man and the love of him, and we have made of both, a desolation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I tell you, woman, this dead son of yours, disfigured, shamed, spat upon, has built a kingdom this day that can never die. The living glory of him rules it. The earth is\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 his}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and he made it. He and his brothers have been moulding and making it through the long ages: they are the only ones who ever really did possess it: not the proud: not the idle, not the wealthy, not the vaunting empires of the world. Something has happened up here on this hill to-day to shake all our kingdoms of blood and fear to the dust. The earth is his, the earth is theirs, and they made it. The meek, the terrible meek, the fierce agonizing meek, are about to enter into their inheritance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain }