{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The key to painting a female face is to make as few marks as possible. A swish of ink for they eye, a blotch for the lips, painted, two tear-shaped dots for the nose and maybe the slightest of contours for the nostril, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s it. Stop there. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Steal from Seculla chapter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Importance of river ecology.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 About half the crew setting off in different direction. All the Ferzans + some others. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They aren\u8217\'92t coming. There\u8217\'92s too many Kackle trees over there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong with Kackle trees?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re shade-givers. They\u8217\'92re afraid them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ferzans are afraid of shade?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They love shade. It\u8217\'92s the trees they\u8217\'92re afraid of. They think the trees spread out like that and give so much shade to lure desperate creatures in. They think the trees release a poison into the air that kills whatever\u8217\'92s sitting under it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do they? I\u8217\'92ve sat under Kackle trees all my life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, they don\u8217\'92t. I can\u8217\'92t prove it, but, they don\u8217\'92t. But most Ferzans think the trees are trying to kill them. They think the roots feast on the bones once they\u8217\'92ve sunk into the earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That can\u8217\'92t be right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s part of their whole deal. I\u8217\'92m not too sure to be honest. Hard to get it out of them. But they won\u8217\'92t go near Kackle trees.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t make sense. Trees aren\u8217\'92t even living things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course they are. They move. Living things are things that move. They don\u8217\'92t }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 move}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  move, but they grow. That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a kind of movement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Movement isn\u8217\'92t what makes a thing alive. Rocks move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not talking about falling, or rolling down hill. Trees move on their own. They\u8217\'92re trying to }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 do}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  things. Shows they have souls.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not talking about falling either. Have you ever been to the Sassa salt plain? The ground there is flat as can be for miles. There\u8217\'92s no rain. Dry as can be. No? Well I\u8217\'92ve walked across it, right across the middle of it. There\u8217\'92s rocks there, some small, some about a meter long, and sure, when you walk by them they\u8217\'92re still as can be, but they\u8217\'92ve got trails running behind them through the salt. They\u8217\'92re moving. Slowly, imperceptibly, maybe decades to move an inch, but they\u8217\'92re moving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not lying. Rocks move. You haven\u8217\'92t heard of Sassa?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well it\u8217\'92s there. The Sassa salt plain. About forty leagues west of Chunran. You should go and see it before you get all assured in your narrow definition of Life. I\u8217\'92m telling you, listen to an old man, it\u8217\'92s not as simple as movement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is it then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s children. Living things have children. If a thing has a child, then it\u8217\'92s alive. If it doesn\u8217\'92t, it\u8217\'92s not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t make sense. You said that trees aren\u8217\'92t alive, but trees have children.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You sure about that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, no, but\u8230\'85 well it seems to me that trees, plants, they just make copies of themselves. It\u8217\'92s a static kind of thing. There\u8217\'92s no }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 life}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That just seems absurd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know. I don\u8217\'92t really think about this kind of stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m telling you, it\u8217\'92s the children. Sex is part of it. If the things have sex, they\u8217\'92re alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not the sex, it\u8217\'92s the killing,\u8221\'94 Mazyd interjected.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They look at Mazyd like, wtf bro.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you call it life,\u8221\'94 Mazyd continued, \u8220\'93it\u8217\'92s gotta be killing something, doesn\u8217\'92t it? Anything can die. You can crush a rock with a hammer and you can crush a bug with your thumb, yet we say the rock is a thing and the bug is a life. Why? Because the bug kills other bugs. That\u8217\'92s how you know they\u8217\'92re alive. That the cost of maintaining a soul - it\u8217\'92s the killing and then the eating.\u8221\'94 That last word rolled through Mazyd\u8217\'92s beard like a saw.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hadn\u8217\'92t thought about that aspect of it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Makes sense from a Ferzan point of view. Trees are alive, so they\u8217\'92ve got to be killing something, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said, \u8220\'93Maybe all trees are killing us, slowly. Maybe that\u8217\'92s why we age. They\u8217\'92re releasing invisible poison into the air and we\u8217\'92re breathing it, right now we\u8217\'92re breathing it, and its making us age. We age, we die, we\u8217\'92re buried in the earth, and that\u8217\'92s when they feast on our bones. Maybe if it weren\u8217\'92t for trees we would be immortal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean, \u8216\'91we\u8217\'92. You\u8217\'92re not human. You know, I know what you\u8217\'92re doing. I don\u8217\'92t like you. I\u8217\'92m not a barbarian so I\u8217\'92m not going to rough you up for the sake of it, but if I was, I would. So don\u8217\'92t talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe he\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93There are stories of desert hermits, holy folk, living for hundreds of years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo scrunched up his cheeks and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  is not true.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You seem certain,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said. \u8220\'93But how can you be sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo looked at Mazyd with a fire. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What did I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 just}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  say?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You said not to talk,\u8221\'94 Mazyd answered, \u8220\'93but you also said you wouldn\u8217\'92t rough me up. You neutered your command as soon as you gave it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  me to hit you?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Bullo asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s diminutive form.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd looked at him and said, simply, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Life? Everything is alive, because everything is connected. Everything is the same thing. Think about it. Just because you can think about something as being by itself, in a void, dosn\u8217\'92t mean you should. We\u8217\'92re here, sitting here, but we\u8217\'92re together, we\u8217\'92re sitting on the ground. We require this food, this earth, and earth requires us. Look at what we\u8217\'92ve done to it. It\u8217\'92s all the same thing. Nothing exist in a void. It all exists together. Thinking any other way, and your just playing with yourself. Like the barber who shaves all men who do not shave themselves. Does he shave himself? Pointless to think about. It\u8217\'92s just a word game.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}