{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78626"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 East of Siam : Ramblings in the five divisions of French Indo-China by Franck | Project Gutenberg}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those of us who had the good fortune to take part in that great adventure known as the World War can scarcely have failed to notice, among the many kinds of French colonial troops, some little men in khaki and brass-topped mushroom hats, most of them with black teeth.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We sailed early in the afternoon of one of those brilliant days that double the blue intensity of Hong Kong harbor. The Japanese freighter served no free wine with her meals and had none of that interior ornateness that suggests the Paris Op\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9ra gone to sea. But perhaps for that very reason she was more successfully mopped and dusted; and the Nipponese atmosphere aboard was more interesting than the cosmopolitan scent of the fortnightly Messageries steamer to Marseilles. True, she made barely ten knots an hour. But the French could hardly have served better food; the two \u8220\'93boys\u8221\'94 were unspoiled, and Captain Ichikawa was a friendly little soul, even inviting me to make free of the chart-room. The quiet, all but noiseless, efficiency of his crew was a startling contrast to the incessantly shrieking chaos of Chinese craft. The three or four first-class cabins opened abruptly upon the dining-room rather than upon the deck; yet even the baby in one of them was Japanese, like everything and everybody on board except myself, and seemed\~4never to cry. A lone Japanese would certainly not have been more courteously treated on an American boat than was the sole non-Nipponese being on this. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately it had not turned tropical quickly enough to save one of our fellow-passengers. A youngster who had taken pneumonia during the crossing from Japan to the coast of China died during the third night. Another child had gone the same way, two days out of Nagasaki, and many in the general quarters below the main-deck still had heavy colds. This boy of three had been the only son of one of the score of families going out third-class to Brazil. The funeral, at which the captain personally requested my presence, took place on the fourth evening. Most of the passengers and such of the crew as could be spared stood about a kind of altar improvised on the poop. First the captain, then others stepped up and bowed low before this, repeating some sort of litany that ended with the sprinkling of incense. Last of all came the parents, to go impersonally through the same ceremony. They did not weep, though their drawn faces showed that they had given way in private to grief to which it would be bad Japanese form to yield in public. The Buddhist service was as simple as it was quiet, wholly un-Chinese, without a sob or a loud voice, even as the little box wrapped in the flag of the rising sun floated away astern in the moonlight. It was as much that atmosphere of the uselessness of giving way to the inevitable, I think, as the fact that I had left\~6behind in Canton a three-year-old son of my own, which made me so depressed that I was still pacing the deck at midnight. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Off again at dawn, I sat, after a last salt bath, wearing the few garments that Japanese custom permits, in a delicious tropical morning breeze as the steamer made its way up a tide-water river with dead-flat banks of low, apparently uninhabited jungle stretching as far away as could be seen in any direction. The stream was as wide as the misnamed Pearl River at Canton, but clean and blue, flecked here and there with a tiny boat top-heavy with its clean-white pointed sail; and it wound so constantly all the fifty miles from the mouth to Sa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EFgon that we headed again and again to every point of the compass. The low jungled banks gave way to brown plains with patches of palms, low thatch houses, and what looked like haystacks scattered far and wide. The inevitable Socony plant appeared, and some distance beyond we ran down at last the flat evasive town, the steeples of which had betrayed its location, now to port, now to starboard, again over our stern, like the ears of some startled jack-rabbit trying in vain to dodge its pursuers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Luckily other travelers seem to be in the habit of misjudging the winter climate of Sa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EFgon, and Chinese tailors at the foot of the principal street are used to correcting such oversights in a hurry. Though it was Sunday they promised me a\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 complet}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~or two of duck within two days, at twelve\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 piastres}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~each\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and while I am on the subject let me mention that the piastre of Indo-China is equal to the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mex\u8221\'94 dollar of Hong Kong and China, averaging a little more than half our own, and not given to fluctuating with the franc. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~squatted in booths raised well above the narrow sidewalks\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 money-changers, sellers of tobacco, and the like.\~8Here and there a Hindu merchant stared out into the white light of the gently yet perspiringly mounting street. Here Sunday was no British Sabbath. Annamese waiters bustled about the marble tables of hotel caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9s well peopled with white men and women instantly recognizable as French. Business as usual seemed to be the motto of all but the most important establishments. Yet even the diaphanously clad Oriental strollers of various origins shuffled along in the narrow streak of shade before one row of shop-fronts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EFgon\u8217\'92s main street flowed out before long into a sun-stewed square with a cathedral trebly hot in its red brick garb. The view from its tower across the well streeted city, almost forested above the section of wharves and commerce, would have been worth a less perspiring climb. Farther on, the American to whom I had a letter lived in simple bachelor splendor in a low house of thick walls and disproportionately large rooms. Languid with long tropical residence, this former captain in the Philippine constabulary who now represented our great oil corporation seemed to recognize no pastime except the lolling in a reclining-chair with a cold drink within easy reach. I am no suitable companion in the consumption of British whisky\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that could be had in this stronghold of its French rivals only by something closely resembling smuggling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and I drifted down toward the port again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All Sa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EFgon sizzled now in noonday repose. Not merely on Sunday, I later learned, are all offices, all shops except those of the heat-impervious Orientals, closed from eleven until two for the daily siesta. One of the shocks due the rare hurried business man or tourist from the West who drifts into Sa\u239\'EFgon is to find it virtually dead daily from the early French lunch-hour until the sun nears the western tree-tops. Here and there an enervated rickshaw-man\~9dragged his empty vehicle slowly behind him. A few dozing Hindus, a fez-wearer or two asleep with open eyes on his haunches among his wares, were visible in the unbroken rows of shops. Heaps of coolies reposed under the trees of other streets, under raised porches, their thin legs tangled together, open-mouthed like dead fish. Otherwise the streets were empty; not a European was outdoors. All the governing race were asleep in the breeze of electric fans, such garments as they still wore pasted to their bodies. Had one of them spied me wandering the streets at this hour I should no doubt have been taken for mad. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The new-comer soon finds that he too is better for his siesta, and that there is nothing to be gained in going without it, for there is little that he can do and no one whom he can see. No wonder the white residents all seemed tropicalized, if I may coin a word greatly needed in any attempt to describe life in Sa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EFgon. Two or three hours of broken nap, and they must get up again, wearier than ever, spirits and body alike languid and stiff; for work or its substitute begins anew. One by one each leaves his house, jumps into a rickshaw with burning cushions, and goes to shut himself up once more in office or shop. There only the tropically experienced and the well-to-do can manage a comfortable coolness in which those not used to the equator as a close neighbor can either think or work. The streets begin again to swarm with\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 pousse-pousses}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for in spite of the all too evident fact that it is pulled the French insist on calling the rickshaw a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93push-push,\u8221\'94 perhaps in memory of the converted baby-carriage from which this now widespread vehicle was fashioned. Thinner, more washed-out in appearance than more northerly men of their laborious calling, the pullers nevertheless charge madly down upon every possible client, just as in China. But here they are more\~\line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 a day of loafing and a night of sleeping on the cot-provided deck, the ladies were cruelly confined during their nightgowned hours. Three lively young French officers on a furlough from their regiments, one of whom spoke excellent English, completed the cabin passenger list. French soon came to seem the natural tongue, so that the Piffton-Smiths had new cause for complaint in being left out of the conversation. Under the back awning behind the orange-box \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93staterooms\u8221\'94 was a much larger collection of passengers, untroubled with\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 3}{\f0\fs24\b0 4cabins, cots, or the fear of creasing their garments. As the day wore on, the human type there gradually changed. The throng grew less Chinese as Annamese travelers wandered ashore at the frequent stopping-places, became more Hindu, more Aryan, the eyes large and straight, with well defined eyebrows, mustaches shading the lips of the men, some with almost Russian beards. Those rare inhabitants of the banks, half seen through the trees and reeds, also took on Aryan features, for all their chocolate color.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Daylight found us at Pnom Penh, capital of the French protectorate of Cambodia. It was a calm, well kept little city, with hardly any of the hubbub of China and none of its filth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at least within sight. The air was less deadening than at Sa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EFgon, less charged with electricity and water-vapor, though still so hot that there was no joy in doing anything equal to the joy of doing nothing. Half a dozen wide streets, much shaded by trees, invited the stroller about a town in many ways quite up-to-date, pleasant as it was with tropical languor.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The first men in the flowing saffron robes of Gautama whom I had seen in the two decades since my Siamese journey\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 though I had seen Buddhist priests and to spare\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stood out against the less gaudily garbed laymen. The bonzes are the bosses of the country\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 always of course after the French. There had been sixty thousand of them in Cambodia the year before, for the Cambodians are very religious. But they pay no taxes, and under the French they are gradually being\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 supprim\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9s}{\f0\fs24\b0 , so that now they were reduced to 42,250, according to official statistics. Still, these languid beings in bright yellow robes, often set off by red, rose, purple, and other draperies, with shaven heads and Hindu skins, were by no means scarce. Groups of them with their begging-bowls stood before many a shop and house while the sun was still low, sauntering on to make their silent plea to others after a handful of rice or a saucer of cooked fish had been poured into their bowls by the pious inmates.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Midday, with its lassitude, its invincible somnolence, followed so closely upon the d\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9jeuner, however, that its shelter, and at least the repose offered by its chairs, with the marble-topped tables serving as props, were essential. The most ardent sight-seer could hardly have found pleasure in roaming about Pnom Penh with the unclouded equatorial sun directly overhead. Dinner in the evening was to the strains of a native orchestra that might have done worse, and a veritable stage-lighting effect was produced by the swirling wings of the big electric fans suspended from the ceiling amid clouds of insects.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~A gold Buddha, studded with diamonds, that is said to be worth sixty million piastres is among the many precious things, as well as much tinsel, inside the plain bright-yellow walls of the palaces, to which there are no real barricades. Cases containing jewels of great price in the Silver Temple are not locked, but are protected merely by pasted strips of paper, with the name of the guardian written on them. The Cambodians still consider their king so sacred that they never steal his possessions, and alien thieves seem never to get this far afield. Of the far-famed Footprint of Buddha within its own special pagoda there is nothing to say except that it is about six feet long, in solid rock, studded with jewels, with the toes all exactly of the same length.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Dancing? Yes, perhaps, for want of a word more exactly descriptive. It really was posturing, more or less to the rhythm of an orchestra of native players on strange instruments squatted on the floor at one end of the open pavilion. There was never a quick movement, not a hint of animation in the white faces, though there was considerable expression\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 3}{\f0\fs24\b0 9in the lithe arms and posturing bodies; more, no doubt, than we ignorant Western spectators suspected. But it was impossible to picture the youths in an American dance-hall even suspecting, to say nothing of admitting, that this was dancing. Through it all an old woman tossed from the side-lines, like a football coach, hints to the perspiring and apparently stiffly embarrassed performers. Little by little all the rabble in town sneaked up, noiseless on bare feet, and squatted just within the shade along one side of the pavilion. Cambodia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s king, one gathered, was democratic in his attitude. The only element of the population lacking before the ceremony ended were the priests in their yellow robes; like their colleagues of Spain on the day of the bull-fight, they may not morally mingle with the laymen during such ceremonies.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Old King Sisowath himself was not there, except perhaps in spirit. His eighty-four years made him chary of excitement.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Crude, violent colors were much in evidence.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When the king goes forth in state both he and his chair are so covered with gold and precious stones that }{\f0\fs24\b1 the eye quails before him}{\f0\fs24\b0  in this equatorial sunlight.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~In place of houses on pole legs, twelve or fifteen feet above the ground, there came floating villages, scores of houses tightly bound together. Enormous quantities of fish are taken in the receding waters, and as the lake at its height covers vast areas\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 4}{\f0\fs24\b0 1the population is reduced to this form of earning a livelihood. }{\f0\fs24\b1 The fish heads are boiled for oil, the highly offensive scent of which now and then reached our nostrils, and the fish, gutted and salted, are sent to China and Singapore.}{\f0\fs24\b0  Once the sea covered this region, with only an island where there is now a part of the mainland, so that salt-water fish are still caught in the lake, and in the flood season freshwater fish are taken far out in the ocean.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 ectly preserved an architectural ensemble; Machu Picchu, similarly lost in dense tropical forest, though high up among the great ranges of the Andes instead of down at the dead-flat sea-level of Angkor, is a mere village by comparison. Once this Khmer city, buried for centuries and long left to desolation, was one of the splendors of the world. Its monuments still tell the story of the luxury of its royal and military life; its carvings give an inventory of its riches, from jewels to dancing-girls. The least observing must soon realize that this was once the heart of a magnificent kingdom; and what an immense city it was\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and is. Angkor-Thom was larger than the Rome of Augustus; the great temple of Angkor-Vat alone has a space four times as large as the Place de la Concorde, which is larger than Columbus Circle. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ruins are usually a great complex of them.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Some centuries later\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no one knows exactly when, for the existence of this once important people is largely effaced from the memory of man\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the powerful sovereigns of Angkor saw arrive from the West missionaries in bright yellow robes, bearers of a new light at which the Asiatic world was just then marveling. The savage temples of Brahma became Buddhist temples; the statues of their altars changed their attitudes, lowering their eyes and softening their faces with gentle smiles.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Angkor still belonged to Siam; but some wise Frenchman seems to have discovered that it was formerly a part of Cambodia and insisted on a return to the ancient\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 status quo}{\f0\fs24\b0 ; or on applying that doctrine of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93self-determination\u8221\'94 on which unimperialistic France is so strongly set. At any rate Siam was \u8220\'93induced,\u8221\'94 by the treaty of 1907, to \u8220\'93give back\u8221\'94 to Cambodia all Battambang Province, including the Angkor region. Then communication was opened to the ruins, which had been at the mercy of the elements for nearly a thousand years.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {P 65}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }