{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first floor of the tower was nearly as dark as a cave, composed of a single hallway running north to south, and in the middle of this hall, on either side, were sets of wide oaken double doors that opened up into large dust-strewn storage rooms that nothing in them but stone pillars. At the end of the hall was a staircase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The second floor was a single room, pillars included, and four paces around the circumference, there was a narrow window. Scant rays of light filtered in through the slits in the eastern side, while the views through the windows to the west were obstructed by the forms of Ayramun jostling to get a better look at the Hrkan horse and rider as they trotted towards their leader on the sand below. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri watched all this from the staircase. Once he was ready, he ducked down into the dark of the first floor to dab one meager droplet of juice from the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon onto his tongue. No more than that; the idea was to escape, not end up catatonic like before. He then plugged the tiny hole he\u8217\'92d made in the burgeon with a tightly rolled scrap of woolen rag, and he stuffed the thing in his pocket for later. If he rationed it carefully, he could make it last a week. Then, maybe, he could steal another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat down on the fourth stair-step and waited there in the dark for the burgeon-sight to take hold. He knew it wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl got to him first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Mandri?\u8221\'94, she asked from above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hide his disappointment when he said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here! I\u8217\'92m here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not wanting to seem , he stood up, and climbed up rest of the stairs to be with the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Out of the four Ayramun, Purl was the only one who wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t glued to the western window. She was sitting against the eastern wall, still strapped into her pack. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t take it off,\u8221\'94 Purl said to him when she noticed he was wanting to be rid of his own pack. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to be ready to run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It only takes a second to put it on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave it on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, and he plopped himself down right next Purl, pack and all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He leaned into her and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have any idea how we\u8217\'92re supposed to get out of this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram has a plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t seem like it to me. His words, if I recall, were, \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92ll figure it out\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When he says that it\u8217\'92s because he knows we won\u8217\'92t like the plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seems like he\u8217\'92s winging it to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you sweating?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m stressed. And my pack is heavy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s cold in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well, I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to say that burgeons make his heart beat faster, and that gets him worried and sweating about it even though it happens every time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you that sad about Obo?\u8221\'94, Purl asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sad, I\u8217\'92m\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know how to describe it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first time I saw Obo, I watched him kill thirty Ayramun, and if you asked me then if it was possible that I could feel anything but anger about him, I would have smacked you in the face for suggesting it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you can\u8217\'92t bring yourself to blame him, can you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s infuriating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sank lower into his pack, which was quite comfy with all the new additions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The thing that gets me is that I feel guilty,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing I could have done for him, so why do I feel guilty?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sighed and looked up at the ceiling. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Life is horrible. I can\u8217\'92t think of one person who isn\u8217\'92t miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God, you\u8217\'92re so dumb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who do you think has it good?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Most people who aren\u8217\'92t us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The most miserable sap I've ever seen was a Hrkan prince. I looked into his eyes and it was like he was already old, and it wasn't a \u8216\'91just-happy-to-be-here\u8217\'92 old, it was that joyless, \u8216\'91I-wish-I-could-be-you\u8217\'92 old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet those pilgrims on those poles would prefer to be a Hrkan Prince.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, yes, there\u8217\'92s levels to misery, but that doesn\u8217\'92t change the fact that everyone is some shade of miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  are miserable, and so you think everyone else is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Name me one person who isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t some shade of miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can lie all you want, but that doesn\u8217\'92t change the facts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get sad and I get over it. Miserable people don\u8217\'92t get over it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look me in the eyes and tell me you\u8217\'92ve gotten over losing your hand for no fucking good reason.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face scrunched up in revulsion, as if Mandri had just threatened to reach down and rip the scab off her wrist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re such a fucking prick,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Because I\u8217\'92m right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl fixed Mandri in her gaze and tried to tell him, with every ounce of persuasive power in her soft brown skin, and her freckled , that he was completely missing the point. It was an expression that Mandri had seen a thousand times on a hundred different faces and somehow he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d yet to ascertain its meaning. To him it meant the other person had run of out of arguments and so he\u8217\'92d won.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about Obo, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was not something he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d considered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s got every right to be as miserable as you, but he\u8217\'92s not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sat back and considered the truth of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was right. Well, she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 right,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  because Obo wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t human and so he didn\u8217\'92t count. Still, it was a kind of revelation: Obo was the one thinking creature in this entire goddamn world who wasn\u8217\'92t miserable. Obo was capable of getting over the wrongs done to him. In this respect, he was like a dog, he had that forgive and forget. This realization triggered another: the reason, and why the dog worshipers of Solk had good reasons to worshiped dogs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, fuck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That droplet from the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon wasn\u8217\'92t doing shit. It wasn\u8217\'92t expanding the ceiling into infinity, it wasn\u8217\'92t swirling the colors of the floor, and it wasn\u8217\'92t tamping down on the sadness that was of Obo\u8217\'92s impending doom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri briefly considered gulping down the rest of the burgeon juice, then decided against it when his heart was strafed by the shame of not bearing witness to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s final moments. If he didn\u8217\'92t watch, then no one who cared would, and a memory such as this should not be the sole property of people who didn\u8217\'92t understand what was happening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So he shuffled his legs underneath him into a frog-like squat, and he leaned forward so that the great bulk of his heavy pack was centered on his hips, and then he stood right up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Going to watch?\u8221\'94, Purl asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Might as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He walked over to the western window where Moto, Moteah, and Seb were huddled. The window seemed to glow. At first, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t room enough for him between Moto and Moteah\u8217\'92s excited elbows, then Moto decided that these moments would be better spent doing something else, so he left and Mandri was able to squeeze himself into the picture before Seb and Moteah could close ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Mandri looked down upon the scene, his vision was flooded with the light of revelation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was not normal burgeonsight. There were no sparkling lights or glistening surfaces. What he saw was the golden light of unveiled purpose shining out from under the skin of every surface. Ayram, Elrahet, the scribe, the horse, the Riga, Obo lying in the dirt, the valley mouth and the desert beyond it, the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow ascribing the position of the sun, the tower itself, the stone of the window-sill under Mandri\u8217\'92s fingers, every element here had weaved it\u8217\'92s own trail throughout history and was bristling with the flighty fibers of purpose, and these fibers were hereby joined in Mandrameen\u8217\'92s eye, for his sight was the spindle that bound them together into a thread that wound back out into the world, tied it tight, and wound back onto his eye\u8217\'92s spindle, a continuous threading and re-threading of purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As a composition the scene was static, figures arranged in a triangular frame; Ayram and Elrahet anchoring bottom corners, the scribe on his white horse above them, with Obo on the ground bridging the gap between. This was not mere symbolism - symbolism is what artists do when they violate the veil of purpose, no, the scribe, that dark Hrkan man, he did not represent}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hrkan power advantaged on a proud steed, he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that power, and in his lap was the Riga child, the very embodiment of Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assault on the sanctity of creation. Ayram was not a symbol of the outland peoples, he was their paragon, and sidling up next to him was Elrahet, old desert ways made manifest and given agency. In between these two parties was Mazyd Obo, a creature constructed for the sole purpose of setting the affairs of humanity in order, and look where he was, destitute in the dirt, scarred, cowering, and naked. The others looked past him as if he wasn\u8217\'92t there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri lamented the lack of materials. If he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only had a stick of charcoal he could start sketching on the smooth tower stone right then and there. The urge to do so was overwhelming. The scene was pleading with him to be given its own sacred body, that it might move about the world and inject its purpose into every future moment. But as vivid as this burgeonsight was, Mandri was present enough to know that it would all be gone as fast as it had come. If he didn\u8217\'92t sketch it out now, as he saw it, details would be forgotten. One night\u8217\'92s sleep and they\u8217\'92d be lost forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was forced instead imprint the scene upon his mind as best he could using the mnemonic of repetition. He kept his eye jumping from detail to detail and back again, and then again, and again, and again, and at each stop he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 beheld }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the object,}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 an act which went beyond mere noticing, this was the artist's noticing, the lover's noticing, the thief\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s noticing, covetous noticing, noticing to remember. Beholding not a lossless art, but what gets lost has chance of being reconstructed later.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The details get run through like a shopping list.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The arc of the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow splitting the scene in half. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The precise angle and rate of change as the shadow\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curve swerved from the upper left to the bottom right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The coolness of color inside that shadow and its subtle, sumptuous greys.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The size disparity between Ayram and Elrahet. Both dark and shrouded in that shadow. Wind flicking Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s long black locks. Wind tickling the hem of Elrahet\u8217\'92s desert-bitten robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Hrkan horse, Gods, what a specimen. White as chalk. Brushed muscles glistening in the light of the sun. Neck as wide as Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders. Eyes wide as . A . An impatient, braided tail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sitting in the saddle was the Hrkan scribe, dark skin reddened and glistening with kell oil. The trail of his blue robe, filigreed with golden leaves, his right arm cradling the black-bundled Riga. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo on the ground. Pale. Fly-swatted. Staring at the sky. So perfect was the staging that the warm spectral edge of the tower's penumbra cut right across his stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of the environment, the tower bricks, the colors of the rock and sand and their arrangement, these were static things and could be ignored because they could be revisited. It was an injustice, abstracting them out as if they weren't contributing to the moment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose, but it was more than he could manage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He ran through the details again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The arc of the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow - that hadn't changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram and Elrahet still stood resolute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The horse hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even shifted it\u8217\'92s weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri licked his lips. His mouth was dry. Burgeons have a way of doing that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ah, yes, the white line of Hrkan soldiers looming in the distance. It would take a large canvas to accommodate them. A lot of paint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A nervous twinge at the prospect of having to fill up that large a frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Hrkan scribe was still cradling the Riga. Neither had moved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one was speaking. It was as if Solraheen had frozen the scene for Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s benefit. All the actors were suspended in time by the golden light of purpose. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that light was there, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But how to paint it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t as simple as a shaft of light or an ephemeral back-light glow that smothers a form or catches it rim, it was more like a pulsing mist, and yet not like a mist at all. He could, perhaps, wait for the paint to dry and design some new oil wash to lighten aspects the image. Judiciously applied, it could, perhaps, mimic\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work at all. And he would have to worry about that later. There might be other details that need accounting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shape of the negative space between Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs, a balanced triangle, his boots digging into the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another triangle in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s broad back bristling with energy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of him tethered to his great spud bar, which was whole head and a half taller than Ayram himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri winced as he studied the bar, for the dark tip of it formed an unsightly, image-flattening tangent with the horse\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dark leather stirrup, such that the stirrup and accompanying harness seemed to sprout out from the bar. This element would need to be fixed. Mandri could adjust the angle of the bar in Ayram\u8217\'92s hand so that it didn\u8217\'92t intersect with the stirrup at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Would that be sacrilegious?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scene }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 would}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  work better if the spud bar was in the other hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It would take nothing away from the sheer weight of the man. Might even add to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What else?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was infinite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a vulture up in the sky. Mandri wished there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t one, because a vulture circling the scene was almost too on the nose. People might start to think that this was all his own doing. Maybe he should remove the vulture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ech.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That would be a step too far. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He would have to include the vulture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And the vulture\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s faint screech? More to the point, how should he approach the subject of sound? Sound was critical to everything. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wind whistling through the rocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sparkling swish of wind whipped sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thupping of leather-bound feet sprinting along a stone floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sound of Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice yelling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yelling what?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, it was his name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MANDRI!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, Moteah and Seb were no longer squeezing his shoulders, in fact, they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even in the room. Gone, too, was the light of purpose that flooded his vision - there was only the stark, cold, dim confines of the tower\u8217\'92s second level, deserted save for Purl who stood in the stairwell across the room. Her face was alight with wide-eyed urgency. \u8220\'93Come on!\u8221\'94, she shouted, and then she ducked away down the stairs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri blinked in confusion. There was no need for such uptightness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He spun back around so that he could narrate for Purl the tedium of the scene below, but when he did he was stunned to see that his pyramidal frame was empty. No one was there, nothing was there, nothing but signs of a scuffle in the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A track of hoof prints led out east into the sand, and following it, Mandri found, some thirty yards away, the Hrkan scribe. He was laying flat on his stomach. His left hand grasped his Hrkan horn, and his right grasped his sword. His face was mushed into a thickening pool of his own blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From there, the hoof-prints fled out at an oblique southward angle. Behind a puff of kicked-up dust, Mandri could see the white Hrkan horse charging hard into the emptiness of the desert under the whip of it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own fright. There, too, at the edge of the valley mouth, was the long white line of Hrkan soldiers, three ranks deep, double marching towards the tower. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well this is some shit,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned around to ask for an explanation, but of course, Purl was already gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His jaw clenched up tight, and he crossed the room as quick as his feet could carry him. Each step was chore, for his limbs were thick with lethargic acids left by the passing of the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon. His pack seemed heavier than it had ever been.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He staggered down the stairs and into the darkness of the first floor hallway. Here, the true bewilderment set in. His stomach turned. His chest heaved and his throat made to vomit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 only a dry wretch and a stray string of spittle came out. He thanked Solraheen for the closeness of the cold stone walls, else he might not have managed to stumble out into the tower\u8217\'92s tunnel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Light of Purpose, is that what he had seen? Or was it a mere trick of the burgeon? His mind fumbled around for understanding and could find only the memory of it, the kind of thing that makes a man mad if he looks too longingly at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing!?\u8221\'94, Purl shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had been waiting for him in the courtyard. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only one. All those tortured souls were still there. In them, Mandri could see purpose, no burgeons needed. Not light of purpose, the shadow of it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Obo?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t you see?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No... I couldn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips spread into a thin smile. \u8220\'93Ayram did it!\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93We can lose the Hrks for good!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri followed her through the courtyard and fixed his eyes on the wheel-rutted path, thinking as best he could about his next step instead of the horror of the scene around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At length, they passed into the shadow of that god-stricken cleft of earth which men call the Goree Pass.}}