{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SO}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The reason Deleuze killed himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First, I thought it was because he could not come to terms with the stupidity of the average person. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all well and good to be a metaphysician and explore the virtual. But what happens if you hit upon a new concept, a new schema of differences that might prove useful - the horror if you do, because then you\u8217\'92ve got to convince the common man of the utility. It\u8217\'92s hard enough to convince them of the truth of anything in science - to say nothing of metaphysics. Imagine trying to convince 19th century people not to bring rabbits to Australia. \u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 They will ask. After all, they want to do it. They think that rabbits will give their this new land a touch of home and a spot of hunting. You tell them, \u8220\'93Because it will destroy the ecosystem.\u8221\'94 They stare back at you dumbly, and blinkered minds that they are, they will not understand even if they told you, and selfish agents that they are, even if they could understand they would not believe it because there is no proof! And they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 will }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rebel if you attempt to grab their rabbits from them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe vaccinations would be a better example. Climate change. Etc. There are examples of success - leaded gasoline - successes tend to have a more prosaic nature - don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lean on metaphysical constructions like \u8220\'93climate change\u8221\'94 - TBE.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But in deleuze\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s philosophy there is a framework for that which triggers a model-rebuild and thus, acceptance of new model.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 SEP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >To free a notion of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93difference in itself\u8221\'94 such that difference need not be thought on the basis of a prior horizon of identity, Deleuze looks for an \u8220\'93encounter,\u8221\'94 a sensation that cannot be thought, that cannot find the empirical category under which an object can be recognized, and thus forces the \u8220\'93transcendent exercise\u8221\'94 of the faculty of sensibility, when something can only be sensed.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>}{\f0\fs24\b0 Here we see the dynamic genesis from intensity in sensation to the thinking of virtual Ideas. Each step here has a distinct Kantian echo. The faculties are linked in order; here Deleuze as well as Kant look to the privilege of sensibility as the origin of knowledge\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93truth of empiricism.\u8221\'94 With sensibility, pure difference in intensity is grasped immediately in the encounter as the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sentiendum}{\f0\fs24\b0 , that which can only be sensed. In the differential theory of the faculties, }{\f0\fs24\b1 sensibility, imagination, memory, and thought}{\f0\fs24\b0  all \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93communicate a violence\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b1  from one to the other}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 here Deleuze works with the Kantian notion of the sublime as discordant accord of the faculties. The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93free form of difference\u8221\'94 in intensity moves each faculty and communicates its violence to the next, though in this case there is no supernatural vocation that will redeem the conflict of imagination and reason, as there is in the resolution to the discussion of the sublime in the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Critique of Judgment}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Rather than a reconciliation of the faculties, with thought, a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93fractured self\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 here Deleuze takes up Kant\u8217\'92s notion of the split between the empirical ego and the Transcendental subject\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is constrained to think \u8220\'93difference in itself\u8221\'94 in Ideas.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Features of difference, for purposes of practical application in the production of ideas.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>}{\f0\fs24\b0 With the notions of intensive and extensive we come upon a crucial distinction for Deleuze that is explored in Chapters 4 and 5 of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Difference and Repetition}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Extensive quantities, such as length, area or volume, are divisible. A volume of matter divided into two equal halves produces two volumes, each having half the extent of the original one. Intensive magnitudes, by contrast, refer to properties such as temperature or pressure that cannot be so divided. If a volume of water whose temperature is 90\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u186\'BA is divided in half, the result is two volumes at the original temperature, not two volumes at 45\u186\'BA. However, the important property of intensity is not that it is indivisible, but that it is a property that cannot be divided without involving a change in kind. The temperature of a volume of water, for instance, can be \u8220\'93divided\u8221\'94 by heating the container from below, causing a temperature difference between the top and the bottom. In so doing, however, we change the system qualitatively; moreover, if the temperature differences reach a certain threshold (if they attain a certain \u8220\'93intensity\u8221\'94 in Deleuze\u8217\'92s terms), the system will undergo a \u8220\'93phase transition,\u8221\'94 losing symmetry and changing its dynamics, entering into a periodic pattern of motion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 convection\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which displays extensive properties of size: X centimeters of length and breadth. Drawing on these kinds of analyses, Deleuze will assign a transcendental status to the intensive: intensity, he argues, constitutes the genetic condition of extensive space. Intensive processes are themselves in turn structured by Ideas or multiplicities.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>}{\f0\fs24\b0 An Idea or multiplicity is really a process of progressive determination of differential elements, differential relations, and singularities. Let us take these step-by-step. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elements\u8221\'94 must have no independent existence from the system in which they inhere; phonemes as the elements of the virtual linguistic Idea are an example Deleuze uses in\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Difference and Repetition}{\f0\fs24\b0 . When phonemes are actualized, they enter into differential relations that determine the patterns of individual languages; thus the English phoneme /p/ is reciprocally determined by its differences from /t/, /b/, /d/, and so on. Finally, these differential relations of an individual language determine singularities or remarkable points at which the pattern of that language can shift: the Great Vowel Shift of Middle English being an example, or more prosaically, dialect pronunciation shifts.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For another example\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and here, in the applicability of his schema to widely divergent registers, is one of the aspects of Deleuze as metaphysician\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 let us try to construct the Idea of hurricanes. The differential elements would be material \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93flows\u8221\'94 driven by intensive differences in temperature and pressure but undetermined in form (neither smooth nor turbulent, neither big nor small) and function (neither forming nor destroying of weather events). These flows qua differential elements enter into relations of reciprocal determination linking changes in any one element to changes in the others; thus temperature and pressure differences will link changes in air and water currents to each other: updrafts are related to downdrafts even if the exact relations (the tightness of the links, the velocity of the flows) are not yet determined. Finally, at singular points in these relations singularities are determined that mark qualitative shifts in the system, such as the formation of thunderstorm cells, the eye wall, and so on. But this is still the virtual Idea of hurricanes; real existent hurricanes will have measurable values of these variables so that we can move from the philosophical realm of sufficient reason to that of scientific causation. A hurricane is explained by its Idea, but it is caused by real wind currents driven by real temperature supplied by the sun to tropical waters.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>}{\f0\fs24\b0 To see how Ideas are transcendental and immanent, we have to appreciate that an Idea is a concrete universal. In an early article on Bergson (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Conception of Difference in Bergson\u8221\'94 [1956]), Deleuze gave a particularly helpful example of this notion. In\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 La Pens\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9e et le Mouvant}{\f0\fs24\b0 , Bergson had shown that there are two ways of determining what the spectrum of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93colors\u8221\'94 have in common. (1) You can extract from particular colors an abstract and general idea of color (\u8220\'93by removing from the red that which makes it red, from the blue what makes it blue, from the green what makes it green\u8221\'94). Or, (2) you can make all these colors \u8220\'93pass through a convergent lens, bringing them to a single point,\u8221\'94 in which case a \u8220\'93pure white light\u8221\'94 is obtained that \u8220\'93makes the differences between the shades stand out.\u8221\'94 The former case defines a single generic \u8220\'93concept\u8221\'94 with a plurality of objects; the relation between concept and object is one of subsumption; and the state of difference remains exterior to the thing. The second case, on the contrary, defines a differential Idea in the Deleuzean sense: the different colors are no longer objects under a concept, but constitute an order of mixture in coexistence and succession within the Idea; the relation between the Idea and a given color is not one of subsumption, but one of actualization and differenciation; and the state of difference between the concept and the object is internalized in the Idea itself, so that the concept itself has become the object. White light is still a universal, but it is a concrete universal, and not a genus or generality.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Indeed, Deleuze adopts a number of Neoplatonic notions to indicate the structure of Ideas, all of which are derived from the root word\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 pli}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~[fold]: perplication, complication, implication, explication, and replication.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 . Ideas define the being of a thing, but one cannot attain an Idea through the Socratic question \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is \u8230\'85 ?\u8221\'94 (which posits Ideas as transcendent and eternal), but rather through \u8220\'93minor\u8221\'94 questions such as \u8220\'93Which one?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Where?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93When?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93How many?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93In which case?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93From which viewpoint?\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all of which allow one to define the differential Ideas immanent in the intensive processes they structure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From these examples we can see that Ideas structure the intensive processes that give rise to the behavior patterns of systems, and their singularities mark the thresholds at which systems change behavior patterns. In a word, the virtual Idea is the transformation matrix for material systems or bodies. Bodies are determined \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93solutions\u8221\'94 to the \u8220\'93problem\u8221\'94 that lays out the manifold options for incarnating bodies of that nature. Ideas then respond to the question \u8220\'93who?\u8221\'94 (who is it that incarnates the Idea in this case?) rather than the essentialist \u8220\'93what is?\u8221\'94 (what are the properties of the substance that provide the necessary and sufficient conditions for membership in the class of which the object is a member?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Zizek on transcendental (foucault) - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Is it possible to break out of this circle, to move beyond this transcendental approach, that we can just describe this historic horizon of meaning into which we are thrown, without returning to naive realism. Here we should be creative.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain }