{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The Trader stopped pacing. His companion unhooked a camel whip from his belt of linked precious stones and snapped the thong. The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dogs, caged for safety, howled and threw themselves against the woven goathide straps of their prison. In the pen beside them the man\u8217\'92s goats bleated and milled, dropping anxious balls of shit, yellow slot-eyes gleaming.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is she blooded?\u8221\'94 he asked, glancing over his shoulder at the man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since four godmoons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Intact?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The man nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Trader\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip curled. \u8220\'93There is no \u8216\'91of course\u8217\'92 where men and she-flesh abide.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 Without warning he plunged his hand between her legs, fingers pushing, probing, higher up, deeper in. Teeth bared, her own fingers like little claws, the child flew at him, screeching. Her chains might have weighed no more than the bangles on his slender, elegant wrists. The man sprang forward shouting, fists raised, face contorted, but the Trader did not need him. He brushed her aside as though she were a corn-moth. Seizing a handful of black and tangled hair he wrenched her to the tips of her toes till she was screaming in pain, not fury, and her hands fell limply by her sides. She felt her heart batter her brittle ribs and despair storm in her throat. Her eyes squeezed shut and for the first time she could remember felt the salty sting of tears.}
\par\plain {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 But the Trader was laughing. Still holding her, he turned to his friend. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What a little hell-cat! Untamed and savage, like all these dwellers in the savage north. But do you see the eyes, Yagji? The face? The length of bone and the sleekness of flank? Her sweet breasts, budding?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her eyes popped as the sticky gold honey melted on her tongue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain 
\par\plain }