{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every artist who has ever tried to capture the beauty of nature has failed. Why they even try is a mystery. They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to understand that beauty is out there in the world, and it\u8217\'92s connected to everything else. To truly capture it, one would have to capture everything, and that\u8217\'92s not possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri burped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took another swig of the burgeon hooch that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left steeping in a jar. This jar was hidden in a hole halfway between Vigram\u8217\'92s rich leech farm, and his own failed bean farm. He had a few hidey holes like this, spread out along the way. He\u8217\'92d sip one hole\u8217\'92s hooch, and by the time he was finished, he\u8217\'92d arrived at the next. He replenished each stop with a little bit of water, sugar, and the burgeons he\u8217\'92d bought from Geem. The burgeon hooch was far from tasty, but it did the trick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took another swig, then continued walking. He took a longer swig, then continued spiraling over the fact that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever picked up a paintbrush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because what was a painting, really? Paint a tree, and all those leaves get reduced to flecks of green. A living leaf with all its complexity, its pattern, its anastomosing veins pumped full of vital fluids, its green birth and brown death, its fall from the branch, its decay into dirt, that whole nested universe, it all gets reduced to a fleck of green. The truth that no artist wants to admit is that art has nothing to do with truth, but everything to do with seduction. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about looking at }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , and explicitly }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Paint an oasis, and look, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a naked woman bathing in the mossy water. Focus the viewer\u8217\'92s gaze by sharpening the droplets of jade that gleam on her cinnamon skin. The leaf? Feather its edge into the sky. Blame it on the effects of atmospheric haze. Better yet, don\u8217\'92t paint the leaf, paint bunches of leafy shapes. Then consider removing the tree entirely, because it\u8217\'92s good practice to erase all evidence of a crime.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not a crime, Mandri thought, that word was imprecise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a tantrum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A painting is nothing but a look-at-me tantrum thrown by a spoiled child. Only the brattiest, most self-absorbed child could see the wonder of creation and say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People ought to know about }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 my}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  interpretation.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 As if creation could not speak for itself. And somehow, these tantrums are indulged. Crowds of enablers herd themselves indoors to speed through even the most immature art gallery. Reality is right outside, but they\u8217\'92d rather see it cornered, killed, flayed, then put on display, with choice sections of its hide stitched into pretty frames.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But, Mandri understood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 People wanted to know where they should look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Might as well frame something for them, then charge a fee. A shame it all required the pretension that something important was happening, because he would have liked to be successful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go and paint all this,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, sweeping his arm over the world. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not possible. Take as long as you like. Take a lifetime. Take ten lifetimes! Then\u8230\'85 and then\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then he forgot what he was on about because he looked up from the road and rediscovered his farm. It was the ugliest spot of land in all the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His field, more of a dust patch, was impaled with so many unproductive bean poles that it looked a bit like a gentle hill had picked a fight with a porcupine. Some of those poles were wrapped with withered beanstalks, looking like martyred pilgrims. And there shallow pits all over, divots, each stained with an irregular ring of salt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri ambled up to his broken swing gate, feeling lost. He took a massive swig of his burgeon hooch, because the hooch made those salt stains come alive. Even now, they wiggled and sparkled as they gnawed on his wilted bean stalks, making it seem like he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lost a battle to an inanimate thing. That was a pestilential swarm sent by demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sighed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The clouds were mounding up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were sparkling, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The high from these down-valley burgeons made textures slide, edges bleed, but their chief effect was that anything bright would sparkle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the salt, the mountainous puffs of cloud, the angled rays of the sun, pretty much everything that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hidden in shadow would sparkle. The effect was less pronounced when the burgeon was mixed in with a nasty hooch like this, but that didn\u8217\'92t much matter. What mattered is that his short hornscrub tree sparkled wherever the sunlight filtered through its drifting boughs. That tree was the only thing on his farm that he liked. If he were to paint a painting, he would paint that tree, sparkling. He liked his shack as well, but that was more of a lean-to against a fence. He liked the shade it offered, not the shack itself. There wasn\u8217\'92t anything else on his farm to appreciate, except for an ox. That ox was hard to appreciate because he didn\u8217\'92t own an ox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A yellow-headed ox stood alone amongst his bean poles. At least twenty big leeches were suckered onto its side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you look at that,\u8221\'94 Mandri mused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the same damn ox from Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leech farm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What were the chances?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Red scrapes on the ox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders showed how it had escaped the thorns surrounding Vigram\u8217\'92s estate. Red bruises splotched its armpits, evidence of the wooden bars which propped it up in the leech lake. The rest of its pinkish body was covered in little red circles where leeches had fallen off. Those leeches still attached were concentrated on its back, with some suckling on its belly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The poor thing was obviously unable to care for itself. It had no idea where it was. There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any food around for miles. Absent a miracle, it was going to die.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart went out to the creature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ox turned its heavy head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mruuuuu,\u8221\'94 it said when it noticed him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t do anything for you,\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted back, but even as he said it, he knew it wasn\u8217\'92t true. He could do something. He could scrape off those leeches. He could lead the beast to water. He could go to the extreme and devote the rest of his empty life to caring for that ox. He wasn\u8217\'92t going to do that, but he could! He could. Should he? It was only an ox. Thousands of oxes just like it were being butchered and eaten throughout the world. He\u8217\'92d eaten plenty of beef himself. It would almost be hypocritical to help it. Vigram had a whole leech farm full of animals that needed saving, and he hadn\u8217\'92t spared one thought for helping any of them. Were they somehow less worthy? Was he somehow responsible for all of them? Where was the line?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ox mooed again as it sauntered over, careful to pick its path around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crooked bean poles. The whites of its eyes were red from being forced to sniff all that freeweed smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beast really needed help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But, so did he.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That was the way of the world. The only way it worked was if creatures took care of themselves, and even then, it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work great. It didn\u8217\'92t work at all, really.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sipped his hooch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ox was close enough now that the burgeon had the short hairs on its head swirling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sipped his hooch again and downed the dregs. He had more hooch sitting inside his hornscrub tree and wanted it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t do anything for you,\u8221\'94 he said to the ox, and he was absolutely disgusted with himself for saying it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He made for his tree, which stood near the middle of his field. The damned ox followed him. When he sat down in the tree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shade, the ox did too; it sat, then lay down on its belly like it hadn\u8217\'92t done in over a week. It\u8217\'92s ribs squished a few leeches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do we know each other?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ox stared back at him with bovine dumbness. Its big, dozing breaths rolled its bleeding hide back and forth over its sagging spine. Now that Mandri was positively high on burgeons, the sight of that rolling hide was a sight to see. The skin appeared to boil. It was so entrancing that he almost didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice a short woman robed in black charging up his road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What now,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The woman sped right through the gap in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s broken gate. Her black cowl turned towards him, and inside that shadow was a smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah shit,\u8221\'94 Mandri moaned. The burgeon had that woman\u8217\'92s edges bleeding, but he wasn\u8217\'92t too far gone yet to recognize that smile: it was Lora.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri and the ox!\u8221\'94 Lora shouted. \u8220\'93What are the chances!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go away,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora stomped towards him with purpose. For some reason she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t adorned with the usual veneer of civilization; no shine-silver bracelets, or gold hoop earrings, or rhombic beads, no makeup or red-thread leaves trimming her robe. The only ornament on her entire body was the turtle-shell hilt of a dagger which she kept fashionably crooked in her waistband. The rest of her tawny self could have been slapped together in a reed hut on the banks of the river Jek; robes black and stained dusty brown all over. She was dirty, with perfect teeth. A full complement of perfectly straight and sun-bleached teeth were sparkling. They practically outshone the sun. And now she was standing in his tree\u8217\'92s shade, without asking, a blot of a person amidst a sparkling, burgeon addled world. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s first instinct was to drink as much of his jumped-up hooch as he could, because no doubt Lora would try to snatch it. Then again, she might not know what it was, because it looked like milk. And it would be a waste to drink it all in one go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wasting it wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was a special drink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Worthy of preservation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had made plenty of special drinks, but this one was extra special because it was right here, a thing of the present. He could maybe try to hide it, tuck the clay jug away somewhere, maybe just nudge it behind the tree, but no doubt that vixen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re drooling,\u8221\'94 Lora said disdainfully. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Burgeons can make a mess of a person, but Mandri knew he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so far gone yet. A peculiar thing about this particular brew was that it left his wits untouched. Well, mostly untouched. Maybe a little touched. Locks of Lora\u8217\'92s brown hair flowed out the front of her cowl like some perpetual waterfall. He had to be a little bit touched to see something like that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have big plans for you,\u8221\'94 Lora said. Her teeth flashed as he spoke. Her head pitched into a suspecting tilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lora,\u8221\'94 Mandri said forcefully, trying to sound sober, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to kiss you. I\u8217\'92ve made my choice.\u8221\'94 He took another big swig of his hooch to emphasize that choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Lora said, chuckling. \u8220\'93I am not interested in you, Mandri, not in that way. I never was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri doubted it. She, like all the haggard women of Meskalim, was playing hard to get. Then again, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really trust his own interpretations of things at the moment. Even the basic awareness of how many people were present was slipping, because it took all the way up to now for him to notice that Vigram was here too, standing some yards away, sweating in the sun like a dutiful servant. The man was staring at Mandri like he was planning to use Mandri\u8217\'92s bones to comb his beard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, just to make sure he wasn\u8217\'92t dreaming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram sneered, then grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t mind him,\u8221\'94 Lora said as she unfolded a short stool from nowhere. She sat down uncomfortably close. She she crossed her legs and leaned forward. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll start by mentioning that you are lucky to be alive. I know that might be hard to hear, so we will come back to it. Now, please, drink up. The burgeon bush is a blessed provision from the gods.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Drink!\u8221\'94 Lora demanded. \u8220\'93Drink, and simply be. It may help to pretend that I am a stranger. A beautiful stranger, yes, but a stranger. It would be unstrangerly for me to interfere with your decision to obliterate yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin prickled. He clutched his jug of hooch close because if Lora was after something, there was only one thing she could take.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am here,\u8221\'94 Lora said, \u8220\'93because you are lucky to be alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t we all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but you are pathetic. You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 should }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 be dead. Stronger men than you get snuffed out in the womb. But it is precisely because you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re so pathetic, that you have potential.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lora,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93what in god\u8217\'92s name are you on about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders fell, but this was not discouragement, for her smiling eyes went wide. She said, \u8220\'93If you want to understand me, you will have to let me tell you a story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Good stories are a valuable currency in this world. They make people do things they wouldn\u8217\'92t otherwise think to do. In a way, the right story, applied to the right person, it buys them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want to buy me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want you to listen to my story. It\u8217\'92s a story about a wastrel. You know him.\u8221\'94 Her pretty lips pinched into a wry grin, as if she\u8217\'92d just insulted Mandri and didn\u8217\'92t want to get away with it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I do,\u8221\'94 Mandri said flatly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m sure that you do. This wastrel, he was a\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri exaggerated a yawn, then settled into his tree like he was about to go in for a nap. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 really}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  settle in, because he knew his face might be doing things all on its own. That was another thing about burgeons, they numbed the face, so he was never quite sure what it was doing. He could be making kissy lips at Lora right now and he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know it unless he focused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might be interested to know that this is Vigram\u8217\'92s story,\u8221\'94 Lora said. \u8220\'93His }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  story. He never tells it because it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s so embarrassing. He was like you, a useless wastrel. Pathetic. Truly, he was almost exactly as you are now. He stole his father\u8217\'92s money, the money meant to bring him up in this world, and he spent it on burgeons, women, and people who he thought were friends. His life\u8217\'92s prospects quickly came to nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked to Vigram expecting an explosion of rage, because Vigram was not a man who would assent to being talked about like this, even if it was true. Yet, Vigram stayed silent. Arm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crossed, he betrayed nothing of his mood except for the unease of having to stand in the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When Vigram\u8217\'92s father found out what he had done\u8230\'85I will simply say that the man\u8217\'92s anger was profound. I won\u8217\'92t bother you with the details, as you wouldn\u8217\'92t comprehend them. How could you? You don\u8217\'92t have children. What\u8217\'92s important to the story is that Vigram\u8217\'92s father began to believe that this existence is a mistake. Given the rough nature of your current condition you might have some sympathy for that idea. Your life lacks purpose. I would go further and say that I can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 prove}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that we\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I speak for every living creature now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we have no intrinsic purpose.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked to the ox, hoping the beast would counter the witch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s opinion. Then he remembered that the ox was only a dumb animal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri,\u8221\'94 Lora said, regaining Mandri\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Let me prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prove what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can prove that none of us are meant to be in this world. That means what purpose we have is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 crafted.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 made.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It exists outside of yourself. That means that purpose is something you can lose.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does this have to do with Vigram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is the background to every story ever told, and I am telling Vigram\u8217\'92s story. Vigram\u8217\'92s father lost his purpose. That is the greatest horror a human being can experience. Don\u8217\'92t laugh, you of all people should know how this can break a person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t aware that he was laughing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram, the child, was his father\u8217\'92s purpose in life. To borrow a poetic turn, Vigram was his father\u8217\'92s challenge to the Black. Not only did the old man lose that challenge, his attempt was squandered. If Vigram were killed, he could have moved into grief, but no, he had challenged the Black and the Black answered back by turning young Vigram into the embodiment of a life\u8217\'92s wasted labor. So, the old man sent Vigram a note which said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t we all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94 Lora said excitedly. \u8220\'93Yes, you already see where this is going. Vigram might have been a wastrel, but he did not want to die. He read the note and panicked. He began to see his father in every shadow. He couldn\u8217\'92t enjoy himself, couldn\u8217\'92t bother the whores, you know, couldn\u8217\'92t sleep in the same place twice. If you knew his father, you\u8217\'92d know what was coming for him. What can I say? Vigram was a wastrel who couldn\u8217\'92t confront even the thought of a confrontation. So what did he do? He ran away to find a witch to fix his problems for him. If a witch could predict the exact moment when his father would kill him, then he could, he hoped, avoid that moment. It took him a while, but he found a witch. Guess what that witch did for him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She bored him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She showed him what he was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what was that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A leech.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora reached over and ripped a leech off straight off the old ox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back. Somehow, the ox didn\u8217\'92t seem to mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She held the leech up like a freshly caught fish. It bunched up in her fist, then tried to stretch out of her squeeze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Disgusting creature,\u8221\'94 Mandri sneered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please,\u8221\'94 Lora censured. \u8220\'93The leech is the only honest creature in all of creation. It doesn\u8217\'92t pretend to be more than what it is, which is a mouth, a stomach, and an anus. You, on the other hand, think that you\u8217\'92re a person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a nasty squint in the shadow of her shawl, and it was fixed on Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever killed someone?\u8221\'94 she asked. Her voice was dire. The narrow whites of her eyes seemed possessed of an inner light.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killing?\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled. \u8220\'93What is this about?\u8221\'94 He looked to Vigram for reassurance, but the man was only grumpy about standing in the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess it depends on who is getting killed,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Are these, I don\u8217\'92t know, are they murderers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For the first time ever, Lora frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not answer my questions with questions,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reflexively took another drink. He swallowed hard. Lora seemed to grow taller in her seat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 he said, after licking his lips, \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the point of this, anyway? You want me to kill someone?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would that be such a terrible a thing?\u8221\'94 Lora asked through a grimace. \u8220\'93Right this very moment, people are dying. I do not mean one or two, their deaths number in the thousands. Thousands are dying, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right this very moment}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . You do not think of them, but I do. It is my duty to ensure that they are dying for a purpose.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you need me for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever prayed to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  you?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cute nose was lengthening. She tilted her head, and a lock of silver hair dropped out of her cowl. \u8220\'93Have you ever prayed to the good god Solraheen?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I have, who hasn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s upper lip thinned as it curled in contempt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you spoken the words yourself?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t count prayer circles where someone else does the heavy lifting. Have you ever run away to a quiet place and whispered words to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer because the brown lines of Lora\u8217\'92s hair were fractaling into smoke. The heat from that smoke melted Lora\u8217\'92s tweezed eyebrows, and they dripped down into her wrinkles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yes, wrinkles. She was no pert beauty, Lora was a right old witch!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re high as a blackbeak,\u8221\'94 Lora said. \u8220\'93That is good. You are fitting the mold.\u8221\'94 She pulled from her black robe a brown paper booklet whose makeshift spine was composed of peeling wax and fraying twine. She flattened this crudity against her hip. She summoned a stick of charcoal from her robe, then jotted a note onto one of the browning pages. \u8220\'93You are untethered, that much is clear. However, I am not sure you will pass the next test. Don\u8217\'92t look so frightened, boy, that also means that I am not sure you will fail. This should excite you. Are you excited?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a witch! A deceitful witch!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora laughed. Hers was a grating laugh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half cackle, half delirious groan, cherishing Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s simplicity. There was truly nothing left of young Lora in her. This Lora was ancient, silver haired, with severe features, a beauty in her own right, but not the kind which pleases. \u8220\'93From here,\u8221\'94 she said grimly, \u8220\'93you do not get to decide whether or not you will play a part. If you are fit for divine purpose, then you will make the choice which is to be made, and that is that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She closed her book and tucked it back into her robes. She stood up. Mandri gasped, for she was as tall as any woman he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever seen. Thinking she was about to depart, he whispered a chime of praise, but too soon, because now she was staring at him. She held him in her eyes. Those dark eyes were a lover\u8217\'92s eyes, or a murderer\u8217\'92s; it was difficult to say because there was a fine line between the two and the burgeonsight had her irises wiggling and popping like beans in hot oil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What keeps you here?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93You have nothing. Is it the ox?\u8221\'94 She stepped around Mandri\u8217\'92s outstretched legs to give the ox a pat. The beast, for its part, was spellbound. It stared off into the horizon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mandri said simply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you won\u8217\'92t mind if I make a meal of him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make a what?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t mind if I butcher and eat this ox?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I? It\u8217\'92s not mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow pinched in confusion. \u8220\'93Do you not recognize that this ox saved your life?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you think I was going to do with you this morning? I know you saw that severed head rise out of that leech pit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch shook her head, apparently impressed with Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ignorance. Then she gripped the turtle-shell hilt at her waist and pulled a long, black knife from an unseen sheathe. The sudden sight of this thin, curved blade drew Mandri up, and when she bent over to put it against ox\u8217\'92s neck, he nearly fainted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy fears death,\u8221\'94 Vigram said from his spot in the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He fears himself,\u8221\'94 Lora countered as she coaxed the ox into lifting his head. She scraped her knife\u8217\'92s edge up and down against his throat. The poor beast, eager to get in a good scratch, closed its eyes and lifted its chin as high as it could to make sure she could scratch the whole length of it. \u8220\'93Why would Mandri fear death when he is the one with an insatiable stomach?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not leave him alone?\u8221\'94 Mandri pleaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye widened. She pulled her blade back from the ox\u8217\'92s neck. \u8220\'93Would you hurt me to save this ox?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri thought for a moment, suspecting a trap. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I could,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re obviously beyond me. And Vigram\u8217\'92s right there. I\u8217\'92m as much at your mercy as the ox.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but if you had the power\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if you could kill both of us to rescue this poor, suffering creature, would you do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri opened his mouth to say, immediately, yes! Then he recalled how, moments ago, that ox had sauntered up to him looking for rescue, and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done nothing. He couldn\u8217\'92t even bring himself to kill a single leech. He could have at least tried. He could have done more than that, he have taken the ox over to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see!\u8221\'94 Lora exclaimed. \u8220\'93He hesitates!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stern Vigram stroked his beard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hesitation works both ways,\u8221\'94 he said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Lora agreed. \u8220\'93But there is room enough to put my finger on the balance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With uncanny speed she cupped Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snout under her arm and reached around his neck with her knife. She plunged the blade into the ox\u8217\'92s flesh, drove it tight up against its jaw, then abruptly yanked it round to the other side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ox let out a powerful bellow, deep and pitching. Its whole bulk lurched backwards, pulling its head from her grasp. It bucked as it stood up, knocking her aside, then ran off into the dusty field, bleeding and bleating as he went. It came to a stop just twenty yards away, apparently realizing there was nowhere to go. Confused at the betrayal, and weakened by the dreadful spurts of blood pouring out of its neck, it sank to his knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri snarled, picked up a rock, but one look at Lora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sneer melted his resolve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pathetic,\u8221\'94 she said with an awful sneer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then Mandri saw something he could not believe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She flew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora flew. Feet off the dirt, straight like an arrow, she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 flew}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  towards that dying ox. Shrouded in billowing black, she was nothing but an aged, scowling head, dark eyes alight with a bestial rage. The sound of her shriek was borne not from her lungs, but from the deepest depths of Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She plunged head first into the ox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body, tearing a hole into its belly as easily as if her nose were made of flint. The ox crumpled to the ground, and she went with it, head and shoulders fixed into its side. And before the ox\u8217\'92s spine had the chance to spasm, she tore herself from its flesh. The neck of its first stomach was clenched between her teeth. She spat it out, then ripped the rest of the innards free from their lining. Kneeling, she hugged the largest stomach up to the sun. Her lips uttered a speech as black as Fabled Black. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri clasped his ears, but he could not look away. He prepared himself for some final gross barbarity, and it came when Lora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chanting appeared to squeeze a bright speck of light from the ox\u8217\'92s stomach. She sipped this magnificence into her chest through pursed lips, as one might sip a too-hot tea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Satiated, she dropped the great stomach onto the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The tension in her shoulders softened. Her face, a withered sponge of blood, smiled at Mandri. In the next instant, an unseen force plucked her off the ground, then ripped her right out of the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next thing Mandri knew, Vigram was standing over him, excited.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When she leaves like that,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, \u8220\'93it means that what happens next is what she wants to happen. That is a good sign. You are on the path. All you have to do is get up and walk. Walk with me, Mandri. I should say that you don\u8217\'92t have a choice, but\u8230\'85well, no, you don\u8217\'92t. Get up. You can bring your drink.\u8221\'94}}