{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Far from it. As you know, the note in my coffin said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92. That was a mere statement of fact\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 everybody dies. My father had no intention of hunting me down. He\u8217\'92d only hoped that the awareness of death might spur me into action, and it did. I don\u8217\'92t know he ever discovered what I\u8217\'92ve made of myself, but I like to think that the abatement of his despair would have been most sublime, for he had, ultimately, triumphed against the Black. Now, I want to say the same thing to you\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 listen to what I say, Mandri\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you are going to die}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I certainly hope so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Listen to me,\u8221\'94 Vigram said as he scooted in close. More serious than anyone ever was. \u8220\'93Listen to me\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 you are going to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Uneasy pause. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right now? No. Maybe. Tomorrow? What is the difference? You\u8217\'92re going to die, Mandri.\u8221\'94 A little shake of his head, as if that might shake loose the webs in Mandri\u8217\'92s will.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t really care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora is like a blur.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You see,\u8221\'94 Vigram said to her. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s perfect. He\u8217\'92s right on the edge of complete abandonment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rendering that leaf, giving it light and shadow and form, that would only distract the eye from true subject at hand, usually a}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram shifted uneasily on his stool. He opened his mouth to introduce her, but Pel tsked at him, and then, darkening, she stepped forward.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, your future follows me,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93That much, I can see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I knew it!\u8221\'94 Vigram squealed. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s perfect\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 he\u8217\'92s on the very edge of complete abandonment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How are you feeling, Mandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This wastrel\u8217\'92s father was a carpenter,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93Woe betide this poor carpenter, his son was a profligate child. Whether it was burgeons, women, or friends, this wastrel spent his father\u8217\'92s money without caring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is this story supposed to be about me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The implication,\u8221\'94 Vigram continued, \u8220\'93is obvious. We are each empty at the bottom. If we did have some purpose, surely all the wealthy people of the world would be joyous people, not whatever it is that they are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What does any of this have to do with your story?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s beard seemed to fractal into smoke at the edges. It was an awesome sight.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is killing a question of morality?\u8221\'94 Pel asked. Somehow, her voice seemed more firm than the rest of her being. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ask it differently\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 would it be a great loss if everyone in the world dropped dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the point of this?\u8221\'94}}