{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The african clawed frog (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Xenopus laevis)}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  is a tetraploid. This means it has four sets of chromosomes, twice the number for most animals. Indeed, twice more than even a species of frog in its own genus, the western clawed frog (}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Xenopus tropicalis).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It is an unusual tetraploid. }{In a typical tetraploid, there are four }{\f0\fs24\b1 sets}{ of chromosomes, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  with each chromosome in a set being [nearly identical](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyploidy#/media/File:Haploid,_diploid_,triploid_and_tetraploid.svg"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyploidy#/media/File:Haploid,_diploid_,triploid_and_tetraploid.svg}}{)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to each other in size. The African clawed frog\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chromosome sets appear to contain two different lengths at once: [Long, and Short](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.nature.com/articles/nature19840/figures/1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.nature.com/articles/nature19840/figures/1}}{)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What I want to know from creationists is:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) Is the [African Clawed Frog](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://nas.er.usgs.gov/queries/factsheet.aspx?SpeciesID=67"}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20\b0\i0 https://nas.er.usgs.gov/queries/factsheet.aspx?SpeciesID=67}}{\f3\fs20\b0\i0 )}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the same \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91kind\u8217\'92 as the [Western clawed frog](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://nas.er.usgs.gov/queries/FactSheet.aspx?SpeciesID=3594"}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20\b0\i0 https://nas.er.usgs.gov/queries/FactSheet.aspx?SpeciesID=3594}}{\f3\fs20\b0\i0 )}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ? By eye alone, they appear to be about as related as two species can be.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) If they are not the same kind, why not? If they are, why do they have different ploidy levels?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) If you invoke whole genome duplication to explain the different levels ploidy, why are there two apparent sets of chromosomes, Long and Short?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 4.) Do African Clawed Frog\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s 36 chromosomes constitute more, or less information than the 20 chromosomes in the Western Clawed Frog? If so, how are you quantifying this information? If not, same question.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a [cheatsheet](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.nature.com/articles/nature19840"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.nature.com/articles/nature19840}}{)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}}