{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Fertile Portion was once ruled by an Old Jandri king named Duror. To prove his dominion, Duror built red brick pillars, two-by-two-by-ten, at every bend of the river Jek. He carved his own long-bearded, long-cloaked visage into these pillars, head heavy with a conical crown. The first statue was built at the Jek\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s source, a spring high up in the Goree mountains overlooking a dramatic waterfall. This statue has worn the ages well. His eyes and ears still watch and listen to the world that it once ruled. His sword still points at the sun and moon as they spin endlessly overhead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Jek river descends into the foothills where it is guarded by a spate of statued Durors that are sanded smooth by erosion. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re more like cattle scratch posts than statues of a king. Their heads are nubs, their swords are worn down to the hilt. Reed boats float by unchecked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The river pours out of the foothills and meanders down into the brink of Hrkan civilization. There the statues of Duror escaped the erosive wind, but they could not outrun defacing chisels. Once inside Hrkan lands, the many Durors have lost their bricks altogether as the stones were stolen to reinforce pastoral walls. Closer to Jeket, all that is left of Duror\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s monuments are the enormous plinths upon which they once stood. Those stones are too large for anyone to bother with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Old Jandri statues disintegrate the nearer they come to Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is symbolism here, and it is not subtle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Hrkan patriot will claim that this is a sign of Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cleansing influence on the old world. Outland folk see it as a sign of the corrupting evil inherent to city life. Outland folk yearn for that storied age when all peoples were rootless, when herds of oxen were free to be chased across the continent, when women wove blankets so long they could be wrapped around a village, when men were honest and would cut off their own fingers just to prove that they were sorry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pivotal detail that no one cared to notice was that most of these statues were sitting alone out in an empty desert because the course of the Jek had changed dramatically over the centuries. The symbolism here was all about how the world didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give a shit about any of this. Nothing lasts forever, that\u8217\'92s the lesson, and while Mandri was sure about everything, he was damn sure about that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rivers change their course. They dry up. Continents dry up. Everything living dies. Solraheen Himself was killed. Beauty fades. Sparks get sucked out of stomachs. Statues turn to dust. Everything living dies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth mentioning twice. Ideas are easy to kill, or at least, easy to corrupt. Nothing is permanent, nothing is blameless, nothing is innocent, and if it is, well, innocence famously easy to kill. That seems to be the main function of innocence, to be killed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri once said all this to a cultured freak, and the man replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of Art?\u8221\'94 The general thrust of his argument was that great works of art were timeless. The statues of Duror may be withered crumbles but they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 are }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 still out there, most of them, mooding over the countryside. In ten thousand years when they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re gone, they\u8217\'92ll live on in stories. And anyways, there are older and greater works of Old Jandri still living.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Mandri had seen all there was to see of Old Jandri make. Timeless? He was not impressed. None of it would be as valuable as it was if Old Jandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t near to death. That\u8217\'92s what dying does for a work of art; a culture dies off, and whatever\u8217\'92s left gets priced as a relic. That\u8217\'92s all fine, unless people mistake that antique aura for greatness. No, that\u8217\'92s an aura of doom. That browning, cracked paint is an invitation to imagine a world which failed to survive. The dust which dulls the surface, a sprinkling of dread. It all puts a person in contact with their own mortality, and maybe it convinces them that something can survive. Something with that sales pitch will always fetch a premium. Meanwhile, there\u8217\'92s real people in the present, making things, making culture, but their shit doesn\u8217\'92t sell for very much, and it won\u8217\'92t until their entire world is dead and there\u8217\'92s a chance of it all being lost forever. Because by then there\u8217\'92s no risk of the market getting watered down by more product. There won\u8217\'92t be any more product; everyone\u8217\'92s dead. Yes, smart money trades in relics, and the greater the aura of doom, the greater the relic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Minting Rock was such a relic. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A central sunlit well ran straight through the entirety of the rock. A canted column of sunlight split the blackness. Mandri felt, without exaggeration, that he was inside the eye of a bead cast off from the necklace of a god. If it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for the pain in his leg, he might have had a spiritual experience. Instead, he winced and whimpered as the knotted rope on which he clung jerked upwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ascended into Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s antechamber, which was shaped a bit like an apple, two men tall. Aside from the central column of light, it was lit by two flower-flame oil lamps affixed to either shoulder of a dim passage which bent immediately to the right. Minting Rock was big, but it wasn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  big. It felt big.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rope stopped pulling Mandri upwards. He shimmied off, and dropped onto the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A beautiful floor. A floor so beautiful, it should have been a ceiling. It was embossed with a rotationally symmetric diamond pattern, and at the edges this pattern ran smoothly up onto the wall, such that there was no distinction between where the floor ended and where the wall began. This pattern flowed upwards and split into several ribbons of sculptural stone, a weave that criss-crossed in and out of itself, a stunning fantasy that coupled geometric recursion with organic fluidity and pulse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all in stone. And it had dimension, as the topmost ribbons cast hard shadows on the ribbons underneath. It seemed as if the room were a cage dipped into some kaleidoscopic boil stolen from a burgeon binge. That topmost layer, the bars of this cage, graduated from a swirl of ribbon at the floor into a prickling fence of barbed thorns towards the ceiling, and like climbing vines they spiraled all the way up this bulge of a room and converged towards the center of the ceiling, merging into the lashes of an eye whose iris was the shaft which led ever upwards and into the light of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The smell of death lingered here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, it was a relic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before this smell could sour Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s experience, an unseen hand grabbed a fistful of his robe between his shoulder blades and yanked him further away from the central shaft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pain in his thigh reasserted itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Seb who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pulled him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked in whispered wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Already told ya,\u8221\'94 Seb said as her near-toothless mouth squelched on a spine. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about the name,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93What }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  this place? Who made it? It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not Old Jandri make.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Already told that too,\u8221\'94 Seb said. She was leaning over, and the neck of her robe yawned at his nose. Her odor poured out. The horrible smell in this room was coming from her, like butter gone bad. \u8220\'93Do what\u8217\'92s told and get them burgeons, yeah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You smell,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he scrunched up his nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb recoiled. Even a hard-up Outland woman couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t abide being found out like that. Her face could be ugly as mud, that was the world\u8217\'92s fault, but her smell was coming from the inside and said something about her being. Her tired eyes managed to impress upon Mandri this great discouragement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged. He knew her type. She was a nobody amongst nobodies, as irrelevant as one of Jeket\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crawlers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 beggars who beg from beggars. He had a sense for these people even if they hadn\u8217\'92t yet fallen that far. There\u8217\'92s a dopiness about them. The face kind of sags. And they smell. To a man and woman, they smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess ya don\u8217\'92t like burgeons,\u8221\'94 Seb snarled as she grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist and yanked him to his feet. She pulled him into the lamplit passage. Mandri\u8217\'92s leg screamed while he limped along, steadying himself against the sculptured stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up!\u8221\'94 Seb barked as she yanked Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ahead was a sputtering lamp whose light flickered above a chubby upswirl of stairs. Ascending these stairs put an odd twist in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mental map of the place. It became difficult to maintain a sense of where he was within the rock. After that, he was shoved through so many tiny, warped passages that all he knew for certain was that he was moving away from the center. Each new chamber and corridor became more cluttered and cramped, and the stonework less polished and more rough. The walls were still sculpted into an otherworldly weave, but his fingers could feel an inattention to the thickness of edge. It was clumsy work, clumsy in comparison to what he\u8217\'92d seen in that central shaft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He got to thinking, after bumping his head on an absurdly low door frame, that whoever had carved this rock had perhaps carved out too much of it. Unless Older Old Jandri tribesmen were as learned as Hrkan architects in the art of stressing stone, the whole thing was bound to fall apart. And the further up and out he went, the more slapdash the passages and rooms became. By the time he reached the outer edge of the rock, and saw a slit of bright blue sky though a thin embrasure, his fingers were brushing over cracks. Once, in this dusty dark, he bumped his shoulder against an unworked wooden beam that arched over his head. He swore he heard the beam buckle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed him into a long and narrow closet. This space had access to clean air through a spray of finger holes bored into the far wall. The sun didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shine directly through them, so these pinpricks of day illuminated nothing, like a constellation of stars. Interestingly, they composed a pattern which he did not expect to see\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a simple Hrkan sun. The official sigil of Hrk had one hundred and twenty rays, one for each Voice of the Lordly Choir. The stipple-pricked sign on this wall was a simpler design that had only twelve rays, though each ray was crowned with an extra point which symbolized a multiplication of ten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb elbowed Mandri further into this shoulder-squeezing room, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when the room\u8217\'92s defining quality hit him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the air here was thick with a foul smell, fouler than Seb\u8217\'92s, or even his own. It was sweet and horrible, cloying, as if a mound of peaches had putrefied in some dark corner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gagged and clutched at his nose. When the bitterness stung the back of his tongue like rancid burgeon bile, he spat and choked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought, at first, that this was a prayer room and that the smell was incense put here to trigger some spiritual impulse. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t entertain the thought that this scent was meant to mask a fouler smell until he reached out into the dark to steady himself. Instead of slapping against stone, his fingers sank into something that felt curiously like skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped, then bounced into the opposite wall. There his palm brushed up against a dried and bony limb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb slapped the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep still! Damn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s in here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry \u8217\'92bout it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pushed him towards the stipple-pricked sigil of Hrk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned to protest his new accommodation. Seb slapped him again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sit down an\u8217\'92 quit flappin,\u8221\'94 she commanded. \u8220\'93Place is sacred to these pokes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandi shut up and sat down. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fear of another slap which compelled him, it was the dead and rotting things resting inside the walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He prayed for a light, and by Sol, there it was, a diffuse orange light creeping up the corridor behind Seb. He peered around Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s figure and spied Moteah. She was standing in the room\u8217\'92s entrance, looking fresh and lively. She was clad in a clean beige robe and her once-wild hair was wrapped up tight in a severe headscarf, such that it almost seemed she had no hair at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move,\u8221\'94 she said to Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb begrudgingly stepped out of the room to give Moteah space to enter, and the moment she did, Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s oil lamp splayed its light into the room\u8217\'92s interior, bringing this haunting closet to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cut into the rock were coffin-sized slits, three on either side, stacked. Inside each of these, resting in peaceful repose, was a corpse, six in all, each in a different stage of decomposition, each naked as from the womb, and all of them, as far as Mandri could tell, were giants. Ayram-sized giants. Men. Their beards were black and gray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The corpse that the light lit clearest was as black and shriveled as a grape weeks fallen from the vine. It was impossible to say for certain how long that body had been lying there, for an unbothered corpse in the Sand could last an age. Cloistered away in this room, sheltered from the wind and abrasion, a corpse could last for as long as Solraheen willed it. That body could be as ancient as the sun itself. Shadows licked at its pruned up shoulder. Its desiccated hand with purpled fingers sat on the grave\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge, like a giant spider creeping into the light. All of it was frosted by a layer of dust. There was no hint of bloat, no tar-like iridescence of rot. Even so, it was clear that these bodies were the source of a deep and foul smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah set her lamp dish down in a shallow recess set into the wall. With her handless arm, she clutched a small blackgrass basket close to her chest. From it she pulled a puffy square of gray wool folded into itself. Next was a bundle of hairy, spade-shaped leaves knotted at the stems. Then came a stone mortar which tinked as she set it down. Last came three small alabastron jars that were packed to the brim with waxy substances, one red, one green, and one blue. Moteah hesitated with these, treated them more gently than the rest, and once they were all arrayed out before her, she handed the basket back to Seb, who tucked it mindlessly into one of the corpsedens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see the bite,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri leaned onto his right ass cheek and drew up his robe. He rolled his wounded thigh into the light. The wrinkled poultice was hanging half off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at that,\u8221\'94 Moteah muttered as she eyed the dark veins. She pulled a thumb-sized pestle from her robes and dolloped a two-finger-dip of each of the waxes into her mortar. The whole time she looked a little angry. It was hard to tell which annoyed her more, her deadweight arm, or Seb, because Seb was leaning over her shoulder to see, chewing on a fresh borcandi spine, munching it right by her ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop blocking the light,\u8221\'94 Moteah snipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb drew back, and Moteah turned again to Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How bad does it hurt?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll put it this way\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that question seems offensive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should be dead,\u8221\'94 she said as she finished peeling the old poultice all the way off. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re only alive because you\u8217\'92re a Mazid. Demon blight seeks out the Spark, but you haven\u8217\'92t got one. You should count yourself lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb crowded back into the light and started to speak before dealing with the wash of juice in her mouth, so her tongue was swimming under the consonants, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He ain\u8217\'92 luggy, he onna path.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah pushed Seb back with a miffed look, then set herself to mixing the medicine in the mouth of her mortar. She poured a finger-full of water from her own waterskin into it, swirled it around with the colorful dollops of wax, then plucked three leaves and dropped them onto those swimming globs of color. She let it all soak for a spell, and then began to knead it all into a paste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help herself, she leaned back in. By now she\u8217\'92d swallowed back the flood in her mouth and could speak with a clearer diction. \u8220\'93Thought wax didn\u8217\'92t break in water,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must not be wax,\u8221\'94 Moteah replied, trying to focus on the rhythmic thump of her pestle as it mixed all that color into a greenish shade of brown. It looked a bit like vomit. When it was ready, she unfolded the woolen square to make a pocket, and she packed it full with that brown goo. She cradled this poultice patch in her hand, then slapped it paste-down on Mandri\u8217\'92s wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A quick iciness shot through Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip and ran down his leg as it chased all pain deep down into the bone. When the wincing excitement wore off, he was surprised to find that the pain was mostly gone. His leg was cold, but it was a leg again instead of a burning, stabbing, bag of meat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 he said, relief shaping his voice. \u8220\'93That was fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re welcome.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t say thanks. You know, your brother\u8217\'92s the one who did this to me. I\u8217\'92m assuming he\u8217\'92s your brother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The twist in Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow did not soften. \u8220\'93I would apologize,\u8221\'94 she said as she sat back on her haunches, \u8220\'93but I don't clean up after him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what is all this?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, gesturing towards the poultice and the implements which made it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is me looking after my Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make \u8216\'91im do somethin\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw clenched tight, but Seb couldn\u8217\'92t see it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 Seb insisted. \u8220\'93Make \u8216\'91im say somethin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how it works,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s it work, then? He\u8217\'92s a Mazid. An\u8217\'92 ya ain\u8217\'92t blubbed up, so, it should be easy now. What\u8217\'92s Ayram gonna say if ya can\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb,\u8221\'94 Moteah said sharply, \u8220\'93shut up.\u8221\'94 The disgust in her face was absolute. Most Outland women end up with rumpled foreheads, and it\u8217\'92s only partly from years spent squinting at the sun. From first blood they\u8217\'92re fighting wars of aggravation against Outland men, and a deep scowl, over years, lays in trenches that deter any annoyance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No need to be bitey with me,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m only lookin\u8217\'92 out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah retrieved her basket and gathered up her ministrations, trying her best to ignore the woman. But Seb wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t rebuffed in the usual way. \u8220\'93Ya know, I don\u8217\'92t think ya got it in ya. Too unkind, is what I say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Moteah stayed mute, Seb looked to rope Mandri into it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What ya think?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bout Moteah bein\u8217\'92 Minder. She can\u8217\'92t make you move, why\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I think her problem is  the opposite of what you said. I think she\u8217\'92s too}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 kind to be a Minder.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94 Seb laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither of you know anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your hand is literally squeezing my stomach,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. He absently traced the scar along his belly. \u8220\'93I can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 feel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  what you feel, in a way.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve had one Minder already, and he was pitiless. He certainly wouldn\u8217\'92t have patched my leg up. With him, my stomach felt this constant, gnawing ache, and I don\u8217\'92t get that from you. I\u8217\'92m interpreting this as you being a kind person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah looked at him like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just mispronounced her name. Over her shoulder, Seb was beaming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya got it mixed up,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Kindness don\u8217\'92t mean what ya think it means. Think about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 on the whole, and this is more\u8217\'92n true, most of all the folk in the world either hate ya guts, or don\u8217\'92t care for ya at all. So if }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 kindness }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 is how people treat their own}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  kind}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , then a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 kind}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  person is a don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t-give-a-damn kind of person. Unkind is opposite. See, people got more mercy for dogs on the street than men. Got more love for worms. I once saw a poke let a worm suck his blood to keep alive, but if I was doin\u8217\'92 it, you bet he\u8217\'92d wail like I\u8217\'92d jus\u8217\'92 pucked his ugly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sat stupefied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, \u8220\'93Everyone knows that\u8217\'92s not what kindness means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone\u8217\'92s dumb as shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Mandri said to Moteah. \u8220\'93Look, I haven\u8217\'92t been a Mazid long, but I don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92ll be able to do what needs to be done. Honestly, I doubt anyone in all the world could do the job. My last Minder was especially cruel, but even then, I could frustrate him. I\u8217\'92ll do the same to you. I know you want to march me up to the gates of Jeket and slaughter half of Hrk, but I\u8217\'92m not going to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not going to Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if you\u8217\'92re not trying to kill Lord Gagan, then you\u8217\'92ve got the wrong idea about who you need to kill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not killing any Lords.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kind of doomed revolutionaries are you people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb and Moteah shared a flicker of amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps your aim isn\u8217\'92t that high?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93Surely you didn\u8217\'92t capture me just to kill some rival band of pokes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See?!\u8221\'94 Seb laughed. \u8220\'93Boy\u8217\'92s a square wheel. Oh, don\u8217\'92t get pissed Mandri, gotta learn to accept what ya workin\u8217\'92 with. Ya ain\u8217\'92t got a Spark, so ya dumber than most. Gotta accept it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Several choice insults bubbled up into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind, but these were all rudely interrupted by a worried, wordless shout which sounded out from somewhere below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That shout was followed by a loud, two-fingered whistle ringing through the rock. Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head jerked into a questioning tilt. The borcandi spine nearly slipped from Seb\u8217\'92s lip. Even the dead seemed to perk up at this shrill noise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Impossible,\u8221\'94 Moteah muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed past Moteah, shooed Mandri up against one of the graves with a few flaps of her fingers, then stuck her eye to the stipple-pricked sun on the wall. She shifted her eye from hole to hole, trying to get a better view of something out in the desert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn my sight!\u8221\'94 she griped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat at his interruption and continued to peek at the desert. At long last, her searching eye went wide with recognition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They dug us up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next came a deep and yawning bleat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hrkan horn of war. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEE-oooooooooooooooommmm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Minting Rock came alive with hollers. Seb ran out to join them. Mandri gingerly pushed himself up against the corpsefilled wall, careful to not bother his leg, all so that he could turn and look through one of the small holes in that stippled sun. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see much, but sure enough, set against the fiery sand was a distant column of white-robed Vessels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He would have complimented Seb if she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d still been in the room, because the sight of those Hrks proved her point about kindness. Folk never dressed up and marched around like }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to feed widows and orphans. Yes, that column of death was mankindness in full regalia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another shrill whistle rang out from somewhere inside of Minting Rock. It was followed by the slapping patter of leather-soled feet. Muffled shouts reared out of unseen corridors. It was as if the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s front door had just been knocked and all the house mutts were flung a-muster. Through it all there came, springing out of the hall, a clink of metal on stone. This thumping clink repeated again, and again, in time with a giant\u8217\'92s stride, growing louder. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram stormed into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse-den closet, beard-jutting and wild-eyed. He plugged the room, back bent, shoulders lifting the ceiling. In his hand was a long black-iron spud bar. At its top, the iron splayed out into a narrow chisel, while at the bottom, the iron belled out into a sphere the size of his giant fist. Its length could not fit inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted to Moteah, and he squeezed aside to let her filter through. Mandri sank down to the floor and cowered in the corner, pressed in by this furious giant. Elrahet was there too, lingering in the passage behind like a hallway stink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram rattled out a hiss. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me how they found us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri held his hands up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I honestly have no idea what\u8217\'92s going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram lifted his great spud bar, his spear, then let it slip down his fist so that its wide chisel tip hit the floor next to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip. With a twist of his wrist, he set its edge to rest against Mandri\u8217\'92s collar bone. The weight of it pressed Mandri over. He tried to shrug it off, but Ayram set it right back on the bone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri chose his next words very carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know that, generally speaking, it can be difficult to draw a clear line between cause and effect, but blaming me for whatever\u8217\'92s happening here seems unsound.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You led them here,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93Tell me how.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri swallowed a scoff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you considered that, perhaps, they followed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  here?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet peeked out from behind Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knee. \u8220\'93Move aside,\u8221\'94 she commanded. Ayram turned to give her a clearer view of Mandri, only she wasn\u8217\'92t looking at Mandri. Her eyes were darting around the room, as if the corpses were whispering to her, as if the cobwebs wafting from the ceiling had overheard some deep secret about Mandri\u8217\'92s condition, a secret unknown to even him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have erred,\u8221\'94 she said as her beady eyes finally settled on Mandri. \u8220\'93I did not see it\u8230\'85I heard rumors, but did not take them.\u8221\'94 She pushed past the giant to stand directly over Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hers was a portrait he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never seen before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hrkan elite preferred to remember themselves as young, so he rarely ever painted the elderly. Not that he wanted the opportunity. He wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been the right choice for it. He didn\u8217\'92t a have firm grasp of the logic which governs wrinkling skin, especially skin which sits around the eyes. That being said, he could paint Elrahet because her skin seemed less like skin and more like tree bark meant to deter insect and fungal attacks. Or perhaps she was another breed of creature altogether. Perhaps demonic. The uplit candlelight from the shelf cast sharp shadows and dug her lines deep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her eyes were alive with movement. No doubt she could see right through his robe and ribs to count the lines on the knuckles that squeezed his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazidariga is real,\u8221\'94 she muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had no idea what she was talking about. And judging by the confused expression in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s angling brow, he was confused as well. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no time,\u8221\'94 Elrahet snipped, anticipating questions. \u8220\'93We must make do without the Mazid\u8217\'92s fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Ayram could protest, the Hrkan horn of war sounded out again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWWWEEEEEEEEE-oooooooommmm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted as he stomped out of the room. \u8220\'93Get the pokes blooded up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet sneered. Her clean teeth were such a contrast to that mask of age. She stared at Mandri for a moment longer, then turned and followed the sound of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s iron bar as it clinked against stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri cowered on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Grim acceptance settled in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was fine with this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every man should die how he lived, and a lonely, frustrating end outside of his control would match neatly with his birth and childhood. And there was a lot of screaming already, for the yip and din was getting loud as a band of the hardest pokes prepared themselves for battle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked upon dead giants.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He felt a strange sense of kinship with them already.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He closed his eyes and waited.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He waited a while.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He waited so long that his self-pity began to fade. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After all, why should he die here? He was a Sparkless Mazid. The Hrks weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to kill him. He was too valuable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shout rang out from the desert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He turned and peered through a hole in the wall. The Hrks were close enough now that he could distinguish faces. They looked quite upset. And look, they had shields emblazoned with the Hrkan sun. Another barked command lashed them all into a fearsome, braced advance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Twenty paces later, and Minting Rock let loose a discordant chorus of twanging bowstrings. The sound tailed into a hushed, fluttering phhht as arrow fletchings brushed the sky. Ten paces later, and that flock of black arrows fell upon the hide of the onrushing Hrkan column. Most of these missiles bounced harmlessly away, but some snuck over and under the shields, marked here and there by a scream and a sudden tumbling. A slew of triumphant yips followed as several Ayramun all took credit at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These little victories did nothing to slow the Hrkan advance. Every gap opened by the felling of one soldier was closed in quick-step time, and when, at last, it was clear that the Hrks would not scatter and flee, the yips of the Ayramun turned into stressed appeals for Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intervention. The more practical among them sprinted from room to room, trying to find steeper angles to fire upon the enemy, for soon enough, the Hrkan advance was tucked up under Minting Rock\u8217\'92s bulging belly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Mandri heard a noise which froze him solid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Chink-}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It sounded like a chisel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Chink}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was coming from below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He peeked out a hole, but Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bulge made it impossible to see the action there. He only caught glimpses of upturned shields, and in the center of each, the gold-eyed Hrkan sun was looking back up at him with dumb indifference.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK-TINK-TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The chiseling was getting louder, faster, accentuating the roars of Hrkan men possessed by the spirit of battle. Somewhere far below, in Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance well, limbs were getting hacked to pieces. Then came a loud stone-splitting crack and the whole of Minting Rock lurched. The movement rolled Mandri against the wall, and he scrambled to his feet as the sound of crunching rock ran through the room.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CRRRCKKKKkkkk-krrrk-kkkkkk-k}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All went silent. There were no shouts of struggle below. No clash of sword on shield. For a brief, glorious moment, every Spark, from man to flea, forgot their affairs and shared a startled, uneasy feeling, and this glorious communion might have lasted forever if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t split by the sound of that damned chisel striking stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A long, jagged crack exploded into the floor of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s burial chamber. The walls lurched. The dust of ages shook loose from the ceiling as a thunderous boom sent that crack darting across the room\u8217\'92s length, and up the sun-stippled wall, fracturing the chamber in two. One crunch more, and the chamber\u8217\'92s whole left half slid down an inch before coming to a rest on some new fault in the foundation far below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, fear pulsing in his chest, tried to yank one of the giant corpses out of its hole. Only its arm came loose. He tossed the limb onto the ground and jumped into the space it once occupied, and the very moment that he tucked in his legs, the opposite wall started to collapse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first thing to go was Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clay oil lamp. It jostled loose from its perch and smashed onto the floor, splashing licks of oil and flame onto either side of the bisected room. Then the seams in the ceiling burst, shooting a jet of smoke down, flooding Mandri\u8217\'92s grave with dust, obscuring the air so completely that he could not see the hail of stone come crashing down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What he did see, after wiping the dust from his eyes, was the awesome sight of the opposite half of Minting Rock falling away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Haunting screams split the air as those Ayramun stuck on the wrong side of this split-open stone grasped their certain doom. Three men jumped across to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, but others were not so spry. A ragged, fear-stricken woman straddled the half-shorn wall of what once was a tunnel. Mandri watched in terror as she rode the undone structure down into a billowing cloud of dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He shut his eyes against the deafening crash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He prayed. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d long forgotten the words to prayers that mattered, so he bit his tongue and hoped it was the thought that counted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked down, and the shock of this dizzying height elicited mute laughter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half a hand ago, and he was content to die; now he was deathly afraid of death. Something about the sight of a hundred foot drop through a swirl of rust-colored smoke was doing wonders for his sense of self-preservation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shout sounded out below, a shout of straining effort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri watched intently as the swirling smoke lifted to reveal a swarm of hrkwhite cloaks, some moving amongst the crumble of black rocks, some deathly still. Then some of the rocks moved, some jumped out of the structure still left standing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these were Ayramun in their dark, dusty rags.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once again, the battle was joined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri leaned back into his grave. There was no clear way to get down, not that he wanted to. He was happy to be stuck. No matter who won down below, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be safe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK-TINK-TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sound resonated all through the rock around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He curled up, wrapped his head in his hands and tried to shut out the horror. That didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, because his sense of equilibrium remained, and it screamed bloody murder as his half of Minting Rock began to tilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first it was only a slight shifting as the rock swayed away from the melee down below. Then came a loud clap of snapping stone as Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perch swayed precariously back the opposite direction. He scrambled to grab hold of something, to stop himself from spilling out of his hole and into the open air, and thankfully the corpse next to him was stuck in place by the crust of its own juices.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the tilt was steep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His hip began to slide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A storm of faulting joints burst below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A great plume of smoke shot up from the ground, and the whole structure swayed back upright. There, it dithered. The dread got nice and settled in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, until, at last, there came a shattering CRACK! and the whole structure began to roll onto its back like a freshly halved melon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri braced himself inside his tomb as the horizon fell out of the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If there were clouds, they would have been zipping by, but there was only the atmosphere, that gradient of blue shifting into a deeper blue. Yes, that the desert sky was a bluer blue than any other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now, a cloud of black-red dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A suffocating blur of sand and stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The horror of being buried alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His grave snapped open. Its back sprung loose like a tensioned lever, catapulting him into the air. He flew low above the surface of the earth. Such was his speed that he smashed right through the brambles of an adventurous karkle bush before tumbling like a poorly thrown skipping stone along the surface of the warm, peachy sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He awoke half buried in a fledgling dune, alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled himself free from the sand, tried to spit some of it out, but this was impossible without any moisture in his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rubbed his eyes open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His scrawny self was still holding together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The shoulder which had borne the brunt of impact wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even scratched. There weren\u8217\'92t any bones sticking out, at least. The demon bite on his leg was still smarting, but Moteah\u8217\'92s poultice was still knotted tight. Everything else was where it was supposed to be. The only thing that truly hurt was a deep abrasion blotting the left side of his face, as it had bit the sand. Still, that was nothing. Considering everything, that was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 nothing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been tossed almost fifty yards and was no worse for wear. Meanwhile, what was left of Minting Rock had collapsed into a heap of rubble. It was a miracle. It was a miracle, coming after a string of miracles. By rights he should be dead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dead several times over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Count them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been suffocated, and his belly had been carved open. His Minder had been killed. A demon had bit him. He\u8217\'92d been swallowed and spat out by an avalanche of rock. Yet, here he was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He smiled at the bright blue sky. He felt, in that blessed moment, that the sun was the very Spark of Solraheen. Perhaps this rapture would have drawn out some special revelation, and he might have become, then and there, the most devout of all possible men, but it was not to be, for a Hrkan Vessel was creeping up behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Die, you rangy lizard!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned and saw a mustachioed man in a sparkling hrkwhite robe running at him, spear held high. Despite the look of fury and rage twisting that soldier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t frightened. He actually felt a confidence brewing. If he was supposed to be dead four times over, then what was a fifth?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He held up his hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soldier stopped his sprint. He seemed almost disappointed to see surrender. A proud curve swelled his chest, and he stomped over to where Mandri knelt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My luck I should catch a coward,\u8221\'94 the Vessel grumbled. He held his shining spearpoint towards Mandri\u8217\'92s neck and beckoned with its tip for Mandri to stand up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walk,\u8221\'94 the soldier said, and he pointed with his spear in the desired direction, towards a detachment of hrkwhite men standing some thirty yards away from the cloud of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s seething rubble. Those men stood shoulder to shoulder, watching it all as if it were something they\u8217\'92d seen a dozen times before. Perhaps they had. They were big, bearded men, veterans of many battles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri cringed as his captor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spear prodded the small of his back. He marched to the squeal of stone as Minting Rock\u8217\'92s bones slid into their final resting place. There was still a faint clamor of battle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 breathless shouts of fury, a staccato burst of excited yips, punctuated by twists of agony.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first actual figure to pop out of that smoke was Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, the heroic Zosan, of all people, should survive this long. He climbed up onto a tall, slanted chunk of former floor. With one hand he steadied himself, and with his sword he deftly waved off three Hrkan spears poking at his ankles. Two more Vessels were running to join the fray, but both came to a sudden, fluttering stop after something swung out of the dust and slammed into both their chests at once\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a bone-crunching WHUMP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They collapsed to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Standing over them was Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant was so covered in dust that he looked like a creature borne from sand itself. The upper part of his robe was hanging in tatters over his waistband like molted skin. His long black hair, freed from his headwrap, swept his shoulders clean as he twirled his blackened iron spud bar like it were a reed. He thrust it down and smashed its knobby end right through the skull of one of the fallen Hrks. The blood-crunch was so loud and gruesome that Mandri almost tripped on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The three Hrkan men who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been hassling Moto turned their pestering spears towards the giant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They screamed a challenge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram charged them. He swung his spear in a swooping arc, and that famed Vessel discipline went to Shis as Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s iron smashed the first Hrk\u8217\'92s shield into a cloud of splinters. In a blur, the chisel-head swung around and sliced right through the face of another. The final hapless Vessel charged and stabbed, but such was Ayram\u8217\'92s speed that his iron was around again in time to crack that spear in two. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Vessel scrambled away. He picked up a rock and threw it at Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, and before Mandri could see how Ayram dealt with it, he felt another sharp prodding in his back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on!\u8221\'94 his captor shouted, apparently unconcerned about his comrade\u8217\'92s plight. So impatient was he, that he took Mandri by the wrist, upped the pace to a jog, and yanked a grimacing Mandri along behind; Moteah\u8217\'92s poultice was a soothing balm, but that demon-bitten leg wasn\u8217\'92t capable of handling a run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After much fumbling and stumbling, they reached the Hrkan detachment, and Mandri was thrown to the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His captor set the cold point of his spear on the back of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck to keep his head bowed in deference. This Vessel then pounded his chest twice, the standard Hrkan salute, and with the snap of a well-drilled soldier he declared, \u8220\'93My sirs, I\u8217\'92ve found another skulking poke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri peeped at the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sirs\u8217\'92 to which this soldier referred. One of them was standing right in front of him; a child robed in black. Mandri stole a second glance. Its skin was pale white and hairless. It was so short that Mandri, kneeling, met the thing eye to eye. Shielding this creature\u8217\'92s nose and mouth was a smooth iron plate riveted onto a leather band that wrapped around its jaw. It was a strange sort of muzzle, with only a small beveled hole for sipping air, and for smelling. Or sniffing, rather. It was scenting Mandri like a dog. It was some sort of flesh-crafted animal, with a child\u8217\'92s eyes, large and curious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stole another quick look and saw how the Riga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye-whites were so red that their edges were weeping blood. Worse still, the creature seemed unbothered by it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next to this freak was a short bald man clad in the blue robes of a Hrkan scribe. All the fat on this man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body seemed to have settled in his face, giving him a curiously large head for his diminutive frame. It was such an incongruity, and scribes were such venal creatures, that Mandri wondered if this man had bribed some youth for the use of their body then plopped his head onto it. It was either that, or he, next to this Mazidariga, was a flesh-crafted work of the Lords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This scribe did not look at all pleased to see Mandri. No scribe ever was, for scribes of rank were learned men of acquired power, and they kept their silver sunrose brooches bright and blinding. They put so much effort into setting themselves apart that they could sense when someone nearby didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe looked down at Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another wimp lurking in the rubble,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The child freak coughed, as if clearing his throat of sores, then said through its muffling mask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells.\u8221\'94 There was no hint of menace in its words\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was merely a statement of fact. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does he?\u8221\'94 the scribe asked, thoughtfully. He leaned forward and brushed aside the neck of Mandri\u8217\'92s robe. The sight of the scar on Mandri\u8217\'92s belly drew his smile wide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, wonderful! You\u8217\'92ve found our Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes sir!\u8221\'94 the soldier said proudly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe crossed his arms and waited for some extra act of obeisance. When it never came, he said to the soldier, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If the Mazid is still moving, then his Minder must have survived the collapse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 the soldier muttered, straightening up. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go find him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d better do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soldier saluted again, then ran back towards the rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you,\u8221\'94 the scribe said to Mandri, \u8220\'93You have committed a grave error. The Law affords you an opportunity to repent of your crime, though I don\u8217\'92t suppose you\u8217\'92ll take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stayed quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 said the scribe, smirking. \u8220\'93Silence is as good an embrace of guilt as admission. You shall be delivered to the nearest Voice to determine the nature of this misadventure, and then we shall gently, and respectfully, close your mouth forever. A consequence of your crime. Someone take him away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri chuckled. This naturally slid the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haughty mood into a skeptical, chubby-cheeked frown. He bent to address his childfreak. \u8220\'93This young man here, remember the expression. It is called \u8216\'91insolence\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94 He nodded to a nearby soldier. The soldier dragged Mandri to his feet and led him behind the Hrkan line to where Seb was being held.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like Ayram, Seb was so caked in the dust of Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collapse that she looked like a mangled root just dug up from the earth. She was both disgusted and surprised to see Mandri, though she did not speak a word of acknowledgment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right then,\u8221\'94 said the scribe. \u8220\'93Time to sweep this up.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrkan horn gave a bleat and the soldiers lurched into a ridiculous march, a heel-stomping strut. They looked proud to do it, as if the Hrkan Lords themselves were watching. The scribe and childfreak walked in front, while both Mandri and Seb were forced at spear point to keep close behind. The soldiers spread out into a skirmishing line, and they all came to a halt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Minting Rock, having split in two and fallen apart, now formed two halves of an impromptu stadium, with the rubble on either side rising step-like into the air, complete with dead spectators oozing out between the cracks of pancaked floors. Staged on the arena below was the giant Ayram. He stood resolute, with four dead Hrks at his feet, one with his nose smashed flat, another with his face opened up completely. It seemed that Ayram had the artist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impulse for rearrangement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a man\u8217\'92s face was more pleasing to the eye if it were parted down the middle and hanging down around the shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Behind him, crouching up on the rocks like black-scratchers fleeing an incoming tide, were three of his band\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Moto, the old witch Elrahet, and Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe stepped forth to address them all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The battle is over,\u8221\'94 he said, projecting a firm tone. \u8220\'93Lay down your weapons and submit yourselves to the Law.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This scribe clearly bore no actual expectation that the Ayramun would surrender. This was only a formality, and formalities were honored because formality was what separated civilized men from barbarians. The difference between a massacre and the exercise of justice was whether or not the slaughter was preceded by an announcement. If one announces what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to do, whatever happens next is the victim\u8217\'92s fault. They were warned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe rolled his shoulders back and puffed out his chest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since you have chosen life outside of the natural laws which govern all creation, you will be dealt with according to the laws of beasts. You shall be caged and sold in the court of the great Lord Hababeen. If you persist in your barbarity, we shall undress your weight with a dull blade and feed your trimmings to the poor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chubby cheeks spread back into his frown, as if he weren\u8217\'92t pleased to be issuing his threat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was also a formality. To a man, all scribes were perverted. The strange bureaucracy that surrounds the culling of Outland folk attracts them. The closer they held to the letter of the law, the more perverse was the performance, and the more satisfaction they gleaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe motioned for Seb to be brought to him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Toss your weapon onto the ground,\u8221\'94 he said to Ayram, \u8220\'93Or all of you shall be carved to the bone, beginning with this one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram planted the chisel-tip of his giant iron spear into the sand, but he did not loosen his grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe grabbed Seb by the scruff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it be known that the demands of the Law were made clear, and were ignored.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled a short knife from his robe and raised it up so all could see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say one last time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 toss your weapon! The Lords demand it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lowered the knife to meet Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram looked like an ancient outland idol, cloaked in the dust of untamed earth, anointed with the blood of weaker creatures. Mandri watched with bated breath as this wildman decided whether or not to surrender to a frail-backed, skinny-fat scribe. Yes, there were Vessels here too, but never in all the turns of the world could such a man surrender to such a man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt an urge to do something. Hearing this scribe speak clarified who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side he was on, at least for the moment. Also, Seb had promised him burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But there was nothing he could do. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He watched Seb squirm. He could see the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers sense her desperation. She squirmed, and then she coiled up and seemed ready to unleash a bout of fury, but what came out of her body was a loud, gargling hock, and by Sol, she spat out the most terrifying wad of cloudy green phlegm onto the knife and hand of the Hrkan scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe recoiled in horror at the sight of that flag of snot dripping down the meat of his thumb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You disgusting poke!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He made to wipe it off on Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe, but before he could, Ayram\u8217\'92s spear slammed into his chest. A rasping howl issued from his throat as the spear slid halfway through him and pinned him against the sand like a skewered pig.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram had thrown the damn thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d thrown it over twenty yards and hit his target square in the chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now he was sprinting towards the Hrkan line, roaring like the beast the scribe had named him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The white cloaked Vessels closed rank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to expect next, but it certainly wasn\u8217\'92t the sight of Ayram leaping over a line of stabbing Hrkan spears. The giant came tumbling down behind them and rolled into a run. Five strides later, and he was standing over the scribe\u8217\'92s corpse to reclaim his weapon. From there, he turned on the converging Hrkan Vessels and swung.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram wielded that iron as efficiently as Mandri could handle a brush\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tight economy of strokes. Twenty-something Hrkan men he had to kill, Hrkan Vessels no less, veterans of battles with bulging calves from all the marching, with manly beards and mule-kicked brows, faces to fear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and how many swings of a spear should it take to bring down such a number? Surely this giant would have to waste a twirl or two to parry the swarm of blows arrayed against him. Fifty? If not fifty, then twenty? One for each? Mandri might have believed twenty if someone had told him the story secondhand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His disbelieving eyes counted ten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ten strokes to kill twenty hardscrabble soldiers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ten powerful strokes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like Mandri would do in a portrait, where he\u8217\'92d make mistakes and wipe them away until he got it right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no room for error here. Every sweeping stroke was deliberate and precise. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WHOOOMP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WHAAAAMP}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Truly, these bloody, gut-splattered shapes in the sand were the marks of genius. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When it was over, Mandri wondered why any of it was necessary in the first place. Ayram could slaughter the world and no one could stop him. Then, as the last white cloak fell, Ayram dropped to his knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a long bloody gash running down his ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He had not been perfect, if perfection was such a thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He drew a shaky breath and called for Moto. Moto came running to offer aid, but Ayram shooed him away and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill the rat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first, Mandri thought Ayram was talking about him. Then he thought Ayram was referring to Seb. Moto went sprinting past them both to chase after the childfreak, who was running away into the empty desert, running as fast as his little legs could carry him.}}