{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {What we find instead is a gerrymandered collection of merely sufficient conditions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 proposed by optimists to show that there is more progress than we might have thought\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and merely necessary conditions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 proposed by pessimists to show that there is less. The door is open, then, for optimists to celebrate achievements that pessimists do not deny, while pessimists decry limitations that optimists are happy to accept }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In short, we lack common ground on which to stand as we evaluate whether (and the extent to which) philosophy has made progress. Such a shared backdrop is also required to evaluate and discuss how best to facilitate philosophical progress in the future. In particular, the notion of progress should guide our decisions regarding where to devote our intellectual and financial resources, and shed light on which methods we should use in philosophy.1 What we need, then, is a general account of the nature of philosophical progress: preferably, a set of necessary and sufficient conditions for progress. More fundamentally, we need a common framework within which accounts of philosophical progress can be proposed and evaluated. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The framework we propose is not created ex nihilo. In the philosophy of science, there is now a mature debate about the nature of scientific progress stretching back to Popper (1963) and Kuhn (1970). Four competing accounts have garnered the most attention, which respectively define scientific progress in terms of truthlikeness, problem solving, knowledge, and understanding. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {With these thoughts in mind, we will articulate the framework underpinning debates about scientific progress and draw from it several lessons for debates about philosophical progress. For example, we argue that whether and the extent to which persistent disagree ment or lack of convergence between philosophers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 views is the basis of a convincing argu ment for pessimism\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as many pessimists claim or assume (e.g., Chalmers, 2015)\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 largely depends on which account of philosophical progress is adopted. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {There has been a recent surge of interest in whether, and the extent to which, philosophy makes progress. In what follows, we highlight various stances that have been taken, and take a closer look at a recurring theme, viz. that persistent lack of agreement or convergence between philosophers undermines philosophical progress. 2.1. Pessimism about Philosophical Progress In general, pessimism about philosophical progress holds that philosophy has either made no progress at all, or not \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91enough\u8217\'92 relative to some specified benchmark, such as the progress of various successful sciences. Arguments for pessimism tend to follow a com mon schema, where (i) some allegedly necessary condition for philosophical progress is identified, (ii) it is then argued that this condition has not been satisfied, or not been satisfied to a sufficient extent, finally (iii) it is concluded that philosophy has not made progress, or has not made \u8216\'91enough\u8217\'92 of it. The most commonly cited necessary condition is agreement between philosophers about the answers to philosophical questions, or, relatedly, collective convergence on such }
\par\plain {answers over time.3 The alleged necessity of agreement or convergence for progress is made explicit by, among others, Rescher (2014), and Chalmers (2015). These philoso phers then describe what they take to be an empirical reality, namely that contemporary philosophy continues to grapple with ancient questions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 from questions about what is morally obligatory to questions about the relation between mind and body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and yet it seems that philosophers have still not reached any consensus about how to answer these questions. Instead, we see a proliferation of theories, including those that explore en tirely new logical space and those that tweak and amend prior theories in increasingly fine-grained ways. With so many different and mutually exclusive theories endorsed by philosophers, many have been prompted to doubt that philosophy makes any, or enough, progress }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Why exactly would a lack of agreement or convergence undermine philosophical progress? Although arguments to this effect are not always spelled out explicitly, some authors (e.g., Chalmers, 2015; see also Cappelen, 2017) suggest that one reason stems from the way in which some kinds of philosophical disagreement appear to undermine knowledge. The thought seems to be that if sufficiently many of my philosophical \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91peers\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 i.e., philosophers who are (roughly) equally competent reasoners and (roughly) equally as well informed as I am\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 disagree with me on a particular philosophical issue, I would as a result be unjusti fied in believing my own views to be correct. And mutatis mutandis for my philosophical peers, provided that there are enough other peers who, like me, disagree with them. The upshot would be that our philosophical beliefs on that issue would not constitute knowl edge,6 from which it might be inferred that no progress has been made with regard to thi }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A closely related argument proceeds from the premise that philosophical problems and theories do not seem to disappear from serious consideration in the way that scientific the ories regularly do (e.g., Sterba, 2004, Dietrich, 2011, Jones, 2017, Slezak, 2018). While no serious physicist would endorse Aristotelian physics, for example, many philosophers still endorse versions of Aristotle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s philosophical theses. A similar worry is that what appear to be new philosophical arguments, theories and debates in fact closely resemble the philo sophical arguments, theories and debates of the past. As Arthur Lovejoy (1917, 126-127) describes the phenomenon in his 1916 presidential address to the American Philosophical Association, \u8220\'93the speculative fashion of one generation becomes a discredited error to the next, and returns to vogue (perhaps with the air of a new discovery) in a third.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Various other arguments for pessimism are worth mentioning despite being less influ ential. McGinn (1993) argues that while philosophical problems are in principle solvable, evolution has not endowed humans with the psychological capacity to solve them. Mironov (2013) argues that philosophical progress is impossible, since the very point of philosophy is to articulate different and even conflicting interpretations of phenomena as opposed to converging on a set of common views. Yet another strand of pessimistic argument attacks the prevalence of a priori philosophical methods, contending that philosophy has not made sufficient progress because the methods that are typically used are not conducive to reliably discovering the truth (Sytsma and Livengood, 2012) }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In response to pessimistic arguments from a lack of convergence to a lack of progress, some optimists argue that there is considerably more convergence than pessimists have assumed (e.g., Stoljar, 2017, Frances, 2017). One way to substantiate this response con sists in pointing out that philosophical debate encourages us to focus our attention on the philosophical theses we disagree on, while less controversial theses are passed by in silence precisely because there is less interest in debating theses on which there is no disagreement (Frances, 2017, 52).7 Others deny that agreement or collective convergence is necessary for progress (e.g., Brock, 2017, Cappelen, 2017, Bengson et al., 2019). For example, Cappelen (2017) rejects the threat of disagreement for progress, likening the search for philosophical truth to the search for a golden coin in a haystack. So long as one of us finds the coin, we can say that we have found the coin. By analogy, so long as one of us comes to know some philosophical truth, we can say that we have collectively come to know that truth. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {While we will say more about Stoljar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suggestion in \u167\'A74, for now it is worth noting that one of his primary contributions to the debate between optimists and pessimists is to argue that the latter fail to distinguish philosophical problems at a sufficiently fine grain. In one of his two main arguments for optimism, Stoljar leans heavily on the case of Descartes\u8217\'92 mind-body problem which, he contends, is not the same as the mind-body problem we grapple with today. While the latter problem remains unsolved, the former problem is solved\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and indeed there is widespread consensus on its solution. The fact that we are dealing with a \u8216\'91successor problem\u8217\'92 with the very same name leads people to falsely suppose that we are still grappling with, and disagreeing about, the very same as-yet-unsolved mind-body problem. Stoljar argues that similar thoughts apply to many philosophical problems. Thus he concludes that upon closer examination, many of the problems with which we grapple today are not identical to problems posed in the past, and indeed that there is convergence on the solutions to many past problems }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In what follows, we will suggest an approach to building the requisite framework which draws heavily upon the debate about scientific progress. This will come as no surprise to those who accept Quine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s (1957, 1981) dictum that philosophy is continuous with science, in which case it is highly doubtful that there would be any substantial differences between scientific and philosophical progress. Indeed, the fact that science and philosophy are both forms of inquiry \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and that science can inform philosophy and vice versa \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  suggests they have at least some aims in common, even if they pursue these aims in different ways. Most importantly, both pessimists and optimists frequently compare the extent of philosophical progress to the extent of scientific progress.8 Such quantitative comparisons would make little sense if these two notions of progress were fundamentally different, since there would then be no common measure relative to which philosophy could be said to make more or less progress than science (or indeed the same amount) }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what role does science play in the determining the outcome of the sign-distance function sphere example, and what role does philosophy play?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {According to what is widely considered to be a na\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u168\'A8\u305\'69ve view of scientific progress (e.g., Dells\u180\'B4en, 2018b, Niiniluoto, 2019), science makes progress when true theories are proposed and accepted. This na\u168\'A8\u305\'69ve view quickly loses its appeal when we look at the history of science. Not all false theories are equal, and some episodes whereby one false theory is replaced with another look to be progressive. Despite being false, the successor theory is nonetheless often an improvement on its predecessor. For example, Niels Bohr\u8217\'92s model of the atom on which negatively-charged electrons orbit a much more massive positively charged nucleus with fixed radii is, strictly speaking, false. Yet Bohr\u8217\'92s model was clearly an improvement on the previous \u8216\'91plum pudding\u8217\'92 model, proposed by J.J. Thompson, according to which the electrons were evenly distributed within a positively charged area or substrate (as plums in a pudding). Recognition of this clear shortcoming of the na\u168\'A8\u305\'69ve view has given rise to a system atic philosophical exploration of the nature of scientific progress, which arguably began in earnest with Popper\u8217\'92s influential falsificationist program in which the concept of \u8216\'91verisimil itude\u8217\'92 plays a major role (Popper, 1959, 1963). Roughly speaking, verisimilitude\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or truthlikeness, as it is now standardly called\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is meant to measure the extent to which a given theory captures the whole truth about some topic or phenomenon, or even the entire world. Truthlikeness is not identical to the more familiar concept of approximate truth, even when the latter is understood as a gradable notion, since a theory may be highly approximately true of some phenomenon and yet be very uninformative. By contrast, a highly truthlike theory is one that balances informativeness and approximation to the truth. For example, compare the theory that the Earth is not flat to the theory that the Earth is a sphere. The former is more approximately true (indeed, it is fully true) than the latter (which is strictly speaking false) but the latter is more truthlike since it is far 8 more informative. Popper proposed an account of scientific progress in terms of his notion of verisimil itude (i.e., truthlikeness), and this idea was subsequently developed in great detail by Niiniluoto (1980, 1984, 1987, 2014) and others (Kuipers, 2009, Cevolani and Tambolo, 2013; see also Oddie, 1986). This is the truthlikeness account of scientific progress. While details differ between particular formulations of the account\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 depending primarily on how to define the somewhat elusive notion of truthlikeness in the most plausible way\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they share the core idea that scientific progress occurs between t1 and t2 precisely when the scientific theories accepted at t2 are more truthlike than those that were accepted at t1.9 In Niiniluoto\u8217\'92s version of the truthlikeness account\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which may be seen as canonical at this point\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the truthlikeness of a scientific theory T is defined relative to a language L as a measure of the similarity between a maximally specific claim C\u8727\'2A in L, that fully cap tures everything that is true, and a disjunction of other such maximally specific claims (C1\u8744\'3F...\u8744\'3FCn) that captures the content of T by effectively listing all the maximally specific possible states of affairs allowed by T }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Until relatively recently, the most influential alternative to the truthlikeness account was an explicitly anti-realist account initially suggested by Kuhn (1970) and developed in detail by Laudan (1977, 1981; see also Shan, 2019). The key notion behind this account of scientific progress is that of a scientific problem,10 which divide into empirical problems (questions concerning the objects or entities that a particular scientific theory is meant to explain or account for) and conceptual problems (questions about the theories themselves or how they relate to other theories). Importantly, there is no fixed or objectively cor rect set of scientific problems; rather, what counts as a scientific problem is determined by the research tradition11 that is dominant among scientists in a given discipline at a given time. Thus if a particular question constitutes a problem relative to the (perhaps mistaken) assumptions of scientists working within a particular research tradition, then it is a problem relative to that research tradition. Indeed, there is no requirement here that a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91problem\u8217\'92 in this sense rest on correct assumptions; thus some of the \u8216\'91problems\u8217\'92 of past research traditions will seem entirely spurious when viewed in retrospect. With this notion of a scientific problem in hand, the problem-solving account of scien tific progress simply defines progress as a decrease over time in the number and importance of the unsolved problems within a research tradition. Thus there are in effect two ways to make progress according to the problem-solving account: on the one hand, scientists make progress by answering\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to their own satisfaction, as determined by the research tradition\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a question that constitutes an empirical or conceptual problem for them; on the other hand, progress can also be made by scientists dismissing or downgrading a ques tion\u8217\'92s importance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 by their lights, as determined by the research tradition. As an example of the latter, consider that accounting for the apparent action-at-a-distance involved in gravitational interactions was considered to be an important conceptual problem in pre Newtonian physics, only to be dismissed within the subsequent Newtonian paradigm. According to the problem-solving account, this constituted progress no less than Ein stein\u8217\'92s later solution to the problem in which gravitational interactions are mediated by the curvature of space-time itself. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 may reject the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91created\u8217\'92 notion, because the process of a \u8216\'91designer\u8217\'92 producing the sphere could predict any number of spherical shapes, or non spherical shapes.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is the example of the sphere a gettier case? You see a sphere, you have the justified true belief that it is due to a signed distance function. But, it *could* be otherwise.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A third, more recent, account of scientific progress is the epistemic account developed by Bird (2007, 2008, 2016). According to this account, scientific progress occurs if and only if there is accumulation of knowledge, i.e., the addition of new knowledge to what is already known in science. This implies that adopting a new theory only counts as progressive if our epistemic state with regard to that theory satisfies all of the necessary conditions for knowledge. So on this account, progress consists in accumulating theo ries that are, minimally, true,12 believed, and in some sense epistemically justified. Here, epistemic justification may be understood internalistically, e.g., in terms of support from evidence to which the agent has direct access, or externalistically, e.g., in terms of relia bility, safety, and/or sensitivity. On many accounts of epistemic justification (especially of the internalist variety), not every justified true belief is knowledge (Gettier, 1963), so accumulating justified true beliefs may not always be sufficient for progress on the epis temic account; but since Gettier cases are relatively rare this complication can often be ignored (although there may be exceptions; see Barnes, 1991, 317, Bird, 2016, 554-559) }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Akey difference between Bird\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s epistemic account and competing accounts of scientific progress concerns the requirement that accumulating theories be epistemically justified. Bird argues that this is an advantage by considering hypothetical cases where scientists come to believe a true theory that isn\u8217\'92t adequately supported by scientific evidence, and so fails to be justified. According to Bird, the truthlikeness account implies the intuitively incorrect verdict that such cases would be progressive; whereas the epistemic account correctly implies that they would not be. Bird\u8217\'92s argument has been repeatedly challenged (e.g., Rowbottom, 2008, 2010, Cevolani and Tambolo, 2013, Niiniluoto, 2014, Dells\u180\'B4en, 2016), and the intuition on which it rests does not appear to be particularly widespread (Mizrahi and Buckwalter, 2014). We are not concerned with settling this dispute here; rather, we merely note that it is a major bone of contention in the recent debate about }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A fourth and final account of scientific progress is the noetic account developed by Dells\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u180\'B4en (2016, 2018a; see also Bangu, 2015, Potochnik, 2017, Goebel, 2019). According to this account, making scientific progress with regard to some phenomenon amounts to gaining or improving our abilities to correctly explain or predict it. To illustrate, the noetic account implies that scientists make progress on COVID-19, for example, whenever they become better able to explain the disease or predict its behavior\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 e.g., by discovering more about its causes or modeling its future spread more accurately. Dells\u180\'B4en characterizes this type of cognitive achievement as increased understanding of the phenomenon in question. However, the nature of understanding is much debated. Indeed, one view on offer is that understanding reduces to a type of knowledge.13 Pairing this reductionist view of understanding with an understanding-based account of scientific progress would simply be a more demanding version of the epistemic account, on which not all accumulations of knowledge constitute progress. Dells\u180\'B4en\u8217\'92s noetic account, however, explicitly defines understanding such that it doesn\u8217\'92t reduce to a type of knowledge, or even require epistemic justification (Dells\u180\'B4en, 2016, 2017). Thus, scientific progress can be made in the absence of epistemic justification on Dells\u180\'B4en\u8217\'92s noetic account. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }