{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Artist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen despised the word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an artist?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dancer, a poet, these are artists, yes, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reasonable to say, but a hole-digger? He can be an artist too if he digs holes in a way that\u8217\'92s true to himself. Give most men a shovel, a mound of dirt, time to think about it, and two seductive lumps are sure to spring out of the clay. How is that different than the triptych\u8217\'92d nudes of Allasoreen? Even a tax collector can be an artist if he\u8217\'92s sufficiently motivated to plumb the depths of greed. Mandri believed that all tax collectors are artists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  artist, though, that is a distinction worth noting, and it has almost nothing to do with what a person does, whether it be dancing, digging, or finessing balance sheets. Some true artists never do anything at all, yet true artists they remain because true artistry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 god-given talent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is a state of mind. To be sure, its not a particularly noble one. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a mind characterized by comic excess; too many big ideas, too many shallow excuses, and so large a sense self such that it becomes impossible to describe the true artist without resorting to sarcasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen was such an artist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When asked what he did for a living, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say that he \u8220\'93makes things\u8221\'94, and then he\u8217\'92d add, \u8220\'93for whatever that is worth\u8221\'94. but as a true artist, he is remembered in Hrkan circles for the way he\u8217\'92d strut around and make grand pronouncements about his own work. Hrkan circles coped with this by strutting around in kind, repeating Mandri\u8217\'92s words and following them up with something like a wink. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stand in front of a painting and say, \u8220\'93This piece really moves me,\u8221\'94 and then he\u8217\'92d make a show of walking away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say, \u8220\'93I weep at every stroke,\u8221\'94 and then flash a knowing smile. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see a problem with this because artists, like himself, were safe targets for playful derision. Maybe they were the only safe targets, because it wasn\u8217\'92t really the person he was making fun of, it was the work itself. He\u8217\'92d never go after the person, no. Artists are the best people. It takes a special kind of person to put themselves in front of others and push through the barbs. It takes tough skin, unreasonable confidence, and a flair for the dramatic. Without any of that, an artist is doomed to live a life of sad obscurity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, none of that is necessarily true, but the truth of it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter. The point is that Mandri believed that skilled artists are all pricks, they say prickish things, and that he was a skilled artist, so, he was a just a prick himself, he was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 trying}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to be one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He would to say to a young Hrkan prince, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You haven\u8217\'92t the faintest idea of what you\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94 The prince\u8217\'92s crime? He\u8217\'92d said that he liked a painting that he shouldn\u8217\'92t have. Budding lordship be damned, Mandri\u8217\'92s knew what was good, what opinion was correct, and if he wasn\u8217\'92t correct in the literal, figurative, or spiritual sense, well, the other person certainly wrong as well and needed to be told as much.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That is, perhaps, the best way to come to terms with Mandrameen, he was a young man who stared reality straight in the face and claimed, with all the certainty of a Solitant priest, that subjectivity does not exist, that he alone had access to a higher truth, because he alone had put in the hours necessary to realize it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This miracle of denial seems like it shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be possible. Two people look at the same painting and walk away disagreeing about its worth. What are you gonna do? Ask Mandrameen about it, and he\u8217\'92d bob his narrow face, run his fingers through his flouncy black hair, sigh like the weight of he world was on his shoulders, and then he\u8217\'92d say that one of those people was wrong. Maybe both were idiots. He\u8217\'92d tell you who was what once he\u8217\'92d seen the painting for himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stunning thing about all this is that most people agreed with him. Or rather, most deferred to his judgment. After all, Mandri had lived all his bright-eyed years being told he was Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gift to humanity, and it wasn\u8217\'92t just his grandmother saying this, it was everyone. They said it because Mandrameen, at the age of ten, could paint a portrait in oils that rivaled the old Jeketian masters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These were real dynamic works, not polish-jobs where the paint is thin, the brushstrokes invisible, and every hair is slavishly rendered into being like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lost the plot of reality. When Mandrameen painted a portrait, he observed a tight economy of strokes. With a single stroke of color he could define the skin, the cheek, the skull underneath, the light, the shadow, and even the mood of the piece. A single stroke! He once painted a woman, and her cleavage, using only twelve\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 count them, twelve\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 strokes. There were few extra nibbles here and there to make the eyes glisten, but those hardly counted. Nobody noticed them. It didn\u8217\'92t stop scribes from marveling at how he packed so much information into a few slaps of pigment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These are the marks of genius,\u8221\'94 they\u8217\'92d say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wink, wink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But all shooting stars eventually fall. In Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s case it wasn\u8217\'92t so much a \u8216\'91fall\u8217\'92 as it was a gradual decline. It might\u8217\'92ve been different, but in his own words, he refused debase himself by doing what it takes to succeed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See, Mandri was a painter, and in such a craft there are limits. Once you achieve a certain degree of skill, everyone is more or less as good as everyone else, and outside of true genius, the only thing that separates professionals is how willing they are to ingratiate themselves with governors, princes, and priests. Success has little to do with quality, or skill. Maybe novelty plays a role, but mostly it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about preening tongues and critic\u8217\'92s pens. It was about how many people knew the raw fact of your existence. It was about manufacturing popularity any way that you can. Being the true artist that Mandri was, he refused to play this game. So, he walked away from the craft and dived headfirst into hallucinogenic drugs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The very first time that Mandri picked some brown burgeons, crushed them up, and smoked their dried juices instead of using them for pigment, he came to a life-changing conclusion: Art was essentially pointless. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obviously pointless. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every artist who has ever tried to capture the beauty of Nature has failed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was an undeniable fact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had traveled to every city on the holy continent, and he had seen every painting and every sculpture worth seeing and they all fell short of Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s creation. Naturally, this included his own work - first and foremost his own work. And the problem was always the same: art is seduction, its purpose is to divert attention away from what is really there to what the artist wants you to see. When it comes to Nature, well, it\u8217\'92s complex. If artists were smart, they might be able to approach this complexity with, but artists are people, and people are dumb, so they boil that complexity down into something digestible. They boil it down to a single tangible lump which has got them transfixed; In Mandri\u8217\'92s case that usually meant a nice pair of tits. A pretty face could suffice. Maybe it\u8217\'92d be a flower. What matters is that he\u8217\'92d try to rip the thing from the fabric of reality and stitch it\u8217\'92s hide to a frame, and then he would hold that up as if he really had captured and killed the thing that makes life worth living, and people would actually buy it. Some plucky merchant without a brain, who\u8217\'92d lived a life of comfort, would buy it and mount it on his wall. Mandri walk in to see it and be struck dumb by the feeling that the piece was better suited to the floor, next to the sprawling, headless hides of lizards. It belongs with the pretty colors because that\u8217\'92s all it is.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The commissions tore at him. Paint an oasis, and in so doing he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to reduce a palm leaf to a fleck of green. The beauty of a living leaf, its complexity, its pattern, its anatomosing veins pumped full of vital fluids, its birth and death and eventual decay, the role it plays on the branch, the branch on the tree, the system within a system, a whole universe unto itself nested inside a greater one - all that complexity, that beauty revealed to him by burgeonsight, was reduced to a fleck of green.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reduced, because again, the artist has something more important he wants you to look at. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a naked woman bathing in the mossy water. There\u8217\'92s no need to properly render the leaf. In fact, rendering that leaf, giving it light and shadow and form, that would only distract the eye from the droplets of jade gleaming on her cinnamon skin. The sensible thing to do, if you must paint the leaf, is to slightly feather its edge into the sky so that eye doesn\u8217\'92t get caught on a hard line of verdant green set against a chalky blue. Maybe remove the leaf and the tree altogether if the thing doesn\u8217\'92t slide a wandering eye down towards the temptress\u8217\'92 bare shoulder. And then you\u8217\'92ve really done it, you\u8217\'92ve not only reduced the leaf down to a daub of color, you\u8217\'92ve erased it from existence entirely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just the leaf, it was the rock, the cloud, and the tree, and how it all fit together. Even the sand played a role. The true part of Nature\u8217\'92s beauty, the grandeur and complexity of it, was absent. Maybe one can say that Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t trying to paint Nature, he was trying to paint a woman, and so of course he wouldn\u8217\'92t capture Nature essence, but that hardly matters. \u8220\'93Go and try and paint Nature,\u8221\'94 Mandri would say to Meskalim\u8217\'92s frightened children during a burgeon binge. \u8220\'93Try reducing that infinitely nested beauty to a still image, to a brushstroke. Take as long as you like. Take twenty five years. Take a lifetime! Take ten lifetimes! Then\u8230\'85 and then\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d forget what he was on about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he were sober, he would have said something about standing at the edge of the wilderness, a place with a big sky and maybe mountains. Smoke some valley burgeons to get in the mood, and then let the shock of Nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s overwhelming beauty hit the spinal cord. If the mood is right, it will hit with an intensity that no poet or painter could ever hope to achieve. So, there was no point in trying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Made his real living by giving portraiture lessons to wealth man Vigram Druamalun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram was an old, burly gentleman with a bald head and long belly-beard that he kept oiled and neatly trimmed. He lived in the countryside, near Meskalim, for he was rich enough to afford a private villa set away from the must and crust of the city, and he could afford to staff it with serving girls and a tiny private army\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if twelve skinny men with knobbly spears could be called an army. Vigram called them an army. He made them wear a square tin brooch on their robes. This brooch bore Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own sigil that he\u8217\'92d dreamt up when he was coming up in the world. It was, in crude stencil, two hands cupping a pair of tits. It looked more to Mandri}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram was not an artist. Not even a true artist. He was a creditor. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d tell his life story to Mandrameen during lunch, and he\u8217\'92 d tell it in a way so as to suggest that his success was the easiest thing in the world and that Mandri could do it too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First, inherit two ounces of silver. Then, scrounge up another two ounces\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Vigram was never clear what \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91scrounging\u8217\'92 meant in practice, just get the two ounces, or more if you can. Then, loan those ounces to two brothers who run a bakery. Make sure its a bakery that supplies a Solitant temple with bread\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s a surefire bet because temples are always the last thing to go belly up in lean times. Now, the temple and the bakery brothers might accuse you of committing usury against Solraheen Himself, but get together with a priest and pray about it around a jug of beer and a pile of silver, and you\u8217\'92ve got yourself an ally.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After that, lend smaller amounts over shorter terms to farmers who need emergency loans to pay their taxes after droughts or infestations. Split these debts up and sell them off in Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s budding bond market. There\u8217\'92s not much money in Meskalim itself, but it\u8217\'92s got a busy port and that means access to all the important markets of the Hrkan world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From there, its a simple matter of sprouting six more eyes, four more limbs, and now that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re a human spider you can spin a web of silver that stretches into every corner of the continent. Really, it\u8217\'92s self-sustaining. People walk right into the debt. The wiggling only sticks them faster. You pick out the salvageable ones for your own use, and now you\u8217\'92ve got your own little brood of spiders pouring over lists of sums credited and debts owed. As long as you keep the muscle separate, it\u8217\'92s all self-sustaining. And that\u8217\'92s it. Now you have a comfortable life and idle hours.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram spent these hours by dabbling in the sacred art of the oil portrait.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His favored subject was his young daughter, Ora, who was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s age.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was the only one of his five children willing to sit for her father, and on the present day, Vigram brought out Ora and said to Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t she a subject fit for holy oils?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen nodded politely and said yes, and his eyes flicked to Ora without intention, but Vigram interpreted it, as he always did, as the most rabid of intentions. The old man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes squeezed out a smile and then he\u8217\'92d give Mandri his patriarchal nod of blessing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora was good natured, but she was a belly roll away from mixing in with the oxen. She was easily twice Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s size. Her face was fair enough, and she had clean brown skin and a sun-kissed smile, and yes, many men would leap at the chance to be with a fertility goddess, but Mandri didn\u8217\'92t want to have children.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Vigram set up an easel on a red-brick patio that abutted his villa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s western wall. Mandri had told Vigram at least four times before that this was a horrible place to paint. The patio was enclosed by a diamond trellis that was crawling with vines, and that meant dappled light, and dappled light was horrible for a beginner because the sun moves. It\u8217\'92s easily accounted for in clean light, but with the leafy shadows drifting across the face it\u8217\'92s horrible. Vigram thought he had an artist\u8217\'92s eye, and so he insisted on it. He shook his beard and said, \u8220\'93My dear Mandri, the patterns of light and shadow are a magical vesture.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what that meant, and he didn\u8217\'92t care to ask. He did what he was told and helped Ora up onto a high-legged chair, and Ora let her sausage fingers linger on his arm, and then Vigram barked at Mandri to get out of the way and stop distracting his subject.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again, Mandri did as told, and Vigram set himself to mapping out the canvas with a stick of charcoal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Mandri got around to see how Vigram was getting on, he had to stifle a burst of laughter, because Vigram was having a hell of a time fitting plump Ora into the frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fault, though, not Vigram\u8217\'92s (or Ora\u8217\'92s). Mandri had previously told Vigram to try and use the whole canvas, because Vigram had that beginner\u8217\'92s habit of not using their god-damned brain. figure small and in the center, leaving an awkward expanse of emptiness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you should first map out shoulders, and go from there. Put them a little lower, and go from there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes you\u8217\'92re right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram rubbed the marks away with his palm, then tried to readjust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once the , Vigram set the charcoal aside, picked up his palette which Mandri had already prepared, and set himself to painting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a old maxim that says that talented people don\u8217\'92t know how to teach. Mandri understood the reasoning; folks who don\u8217\'92t know think that talented people didn\u8217\'92t have to try to acquire their skills. So, they think Mandri never had to actually learn, and so how could he communicate the secrets of the craft when it all comes instinctively? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Mandri knew exactly what was wrong Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s paintings. If there were any difficulties in the communication, it was Mandri knew that an average person can\u8217\'92t handle an unvarnished critique. So, teaching becomes an exercise in patience and pretending. Start off with a compliment.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded, and then said \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he crossed his arms and his eyes raced around the painting, pretending to take in the observations that Vigram , or rather, hiding in a blur of muddy color. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram had a habit of mixing colors on the canvas in an effort to undo mistakes. Unless you really know what you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re doing, oils dry too slow for that. Mandri had this to Vigram, several times. \u8220\'93Get the color right on the palette before it touches the canvas. That\u8217\'92s what the pallette is there for.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Time and time again, Vigram would mix a bluish shade of pink for Ora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chin. It\u8217\'92s a color that only works for the chin a man who keeps a close shave. Vigram would slap it down over his charcoal guidelines, then his eyes would dart between the girl and the painting, back and forth, back and forth, and then his lips would curl into a frown and he\u8217\'92d mutter to himself, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not quite right.\u8221\'94 Then he\u8217\'92d stab his brush into a slug of red, rub it onto the manly chin, and of course, that wouldn\u8217\'92t be quite right either. This would go on into infinity if Mandri did put a stop to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the colors weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Vigram\u8217\'92s core problem. Colors could come later. Before that there was the issue of value\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 white, grey, and black. The man didn\u8217\'92t know how to handle light to move the eye around. But even before that, there was the simple act of drawing. One has to be able make a thing look like what you want it to look like.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram looked like he needed a compliment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No really,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good. I mean, it\u8217\'92s not a masterpiece, but it\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s on the path. But do you remember what I said last week?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that I need to learn to draw hands,\u8221\'94 said Vigram, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And have you done that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram laughed at his own impertinence. Ora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers were chicken scratches. Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t help but smile. Ora smiled too, awkwardly, a distant third leg in the conversation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said to Vigram, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you aren\u8217\'92t going take what I say to heart, then what\u8217\'92s the point of me coming here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Mandri, but hands are boring to paint. If a hand had one or two fingers it\u8217\'92d be a different matter entirely. As it is, they\u8217\'92re difficult things to draw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Getting good is difficult.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not for everyone,\u8221\'94 Vigram spared him a wink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram, if you truly want to get better, you have to fight against the urge to be lazy. You have to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to try, and in painting, what \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91trying\u8217\'92 means is putting in the time and effort to learn how to draw hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remember, when it comes to a portrait, the only things that matter are the face and the hands. You could give Ora forty ribs and a single breast, and people will forgive you for it, so long as you\u8217\'92ve drawn a perfect face and delicate, expressive, anatomically correct hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do better with the hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You say that, but I feel like next time I come over, you won\u8217\'92t have drawn a single hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram laughed again and Mandri rubbed his frustrated brow. This whole ordeal was a waste of time. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got to be an existential threat to get better, or else it will never happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, if you did anything more than laze the days away on your ramshackle farm, you\u8217\'92d understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before the mood could get too testy, one of Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spearmen marched onto the patio.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stomped his feet, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen hrkan soldiers do, and he said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry to interrupt, my lord.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Vigram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The young master\u8217\'92s ox is eating the apples.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soldier pointed an accusing finger towards the field beyond the trellis, and all eyes turned to peer through the vines. There, some twenty meters away, was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s yellow ox, named Gil. Gil was was craning his head up high reach. The beast\u8217\'92s tongue was stuck out and twirling, trying to lick the apples off their stems. The present apple was just a little too high up, and his tongue ended up just batting the unripe fruit around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram turned to Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you insist on bringing that ox along?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil has a right to go where he wants,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s as much a human being as you or I.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s true. Watch\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri turned to Gil and shouted, \u8220\'93Gil! Gil, C\u8217\'92mere!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears swiveled at the mention of his name, and the rest of his head slowly followed. He stared back through the vines with that dumb, bovine ogle as the slobber dripped unheeded from his loose lower lip. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Gil blinked. A second later he real Something clicked in his mind and he trotted over, dewflap flapping, skinny ribs rolling underneath his fur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poor old creature,\u8221\'94 Vigram muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, he\u8217\'92s fine,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, and a ray of strafed his heart as Gil popped his head through a mat of vines. \u8220\'93Hey Gil,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93What do you think of Viddy\u8217\'92s painting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri presented the painting to Gil with a flourish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gill looked at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He gave his grass a chew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he mooed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See!?\u8221\'94 Mandri exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram looked like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been pricked in the bum by a ray of relief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you train him to do that?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course not. Like I said, Gil is as human as you or I.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be ridiculous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He he\u8217\'92s human, but he just doesn\u8217\'92t have hands. Maybe you should paint him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But if he did have hands, do you know what he\u8217\'92d do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92d learn to how to draw hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s exactly what he\u8217\'92d do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora sauntered over. She put a hand on Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snout and scratched him into a cooing moo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a sweet thing, isn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t believe you could pull him away from apples just by calling him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s nothing. He knows his name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram said to Ora, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think of my painting? Doesn\u8217\'92t it look like you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora eyed the painting with some disdain. Questioning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that bad, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ehhhh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ora, I\u8217\'92ll your honest opinion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85 it looks like a person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s progress!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A disturbed person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram leaned back and studied the face he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d painted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do look disturbed, don\u8217\'92t you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe it\u8217\'92s just projection.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I just have trouble with painting eyes. I just don\u8217\'92t have the dexterity in my fingers for needlework.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Needlework?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what painting feels like sometimes. Feels like needlework. Especially when I use this brush. I don\u8217\'92t have the dexterity for it.\u8221\'94 Vigram held up a brush with thin, only a few horse-hairs wide. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora turned to Mandri and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have dexterous hands, Mandri?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brows leapt up and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man was smiling like he was about to stamp a return on interest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85No, not anymore. I actually haven\u8217\'92t painted a portrait in more than two years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94 Vigram interjected. \u8220\'93Then what have you been doing up on that little farm of yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Farming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was common knowledge that Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s farm couldn\u8217\'92t grow a weed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ahhhhhh. Next time. Time for lunch.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Vigram set his pallette down on the wicker end table that held, and he took, leaving Mandri with ora alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you paint anymore?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it would be hard to explain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Paintings are boring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wouldn\u8217\'92t that be the artist\u8217\'92s fault?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Look. There\u8217\'92s not a\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri tried to think of a more palatable excuse. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s expensive to paint. I mean look at all this pigment. The canvas. Takes a man a week to make. Your father can afford it. I can\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come work for my dad. You\u8217\'92d barely have to do more than sing some papers every now and then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stumbled into a trap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ehhhh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you think your dad\u8217\'92s business is a little\u8230\'85 exploitative?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you dense?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dad doesn\u8217\'92t actually care about learning to paint. The only reason he pays for the lessons is because you would starve if he didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that how he feels about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, I\u8217\'92ve seen your farm. He\u8217\'92s seen your farm. Everybody\u8217\'92s seen your farm. It\u8217\'92s not a farm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I promise, you\u8217\'92ll love it here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She set her hands on her hips and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girls on the hill all say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All the girls in Meskalim say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An old woman came by yesterday. She was looking for you. She said you were a eunuch, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She couldn\u8217\'92t have been looking for me, because I\u8217\'92m not a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to bare myself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora crossed her arms and gave Mandri an expectant look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri recoiled . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to pull my uglies out just to prove they\u8217\'92re there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That woman said she was looking for a eunuch painter named Mandrameen. I doubt there\u8217\'92s another painter named Mandrameen in Meskalim. Doubt there\u8217\'92s another in the whole world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There might be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t those guilds in Jeket only train eunuchs?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wasn\u8217\'92t part of any guild.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what\u8217\'92s your problem, Mandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri absorbed the shock of Oya\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bluntness by squishing up his face and pretended like he had no idea what she was talking about. But Oya was a girl who had no patience for  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ora\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri had to play his here. He . \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a beautiful girl, but-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what? You go in for men?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No! No. Look, I\u8217\'92m not fit for a married life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could be good for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you get out of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could be good for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t really know me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s there to know? You\u8217\'92re just a boy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Had to bite down to hide his contempt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeap. Look\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Building to a head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is wrong with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See that\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m talking about! This is what I\u8217\'92m talking about!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93C\u8217\'92mon Gil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made it to Vigram\u8217\'92s swing gate when he noticed Vigram running out to meet him. The old man had to keep his beard tucked under his arm lest it fly up and bother his face.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What just happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it\u8217\'92s nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got her in a dizz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You almost left without your pay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my job to worry about on-time payment. Take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, it\u8217\'92s fine.\u8221\'94 Mandri didn\u8217\'92t know why he was refusing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, I will get upset if you do not take this money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, fine. You win.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But - I want you to promise me you\u8217\'92re not going to use this money to buy burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Mandri, I\u8217\'92m not a fool. I know you\u8217\'92ve been buying burgeons from Geem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disbelieving eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to give you this money, but }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  go and use it to buy more burgeons. Buy some apples for old Gil here.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got a gift, Mandri. I\u8217\'92m serious. Solraheen\u8217\'92s given you a gift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. I\u8217\'92ll see you later, Vig.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri smiled and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m serious!\u8221\'94 Vigram said, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been given a gift!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri waved back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a gift, unless that gift was patience. His paintings were famous (regionally famous), for the economy of strokes, but what people didn\u8217\'92t know is that he would spend hours making those single strokes. He\u8217\'92d put one down, and if it wasn\u8217\'92t exactly right, he\u8217\'92d carefully wipe it away, then put it down again, and repeat this for as long as it took. He mixed his paints with a few drops of sap to make the strokes dry quicker so this worked. So, in truth, Mandri\u8217\'92s only real talent, the only thing separating him from everyone else, was his tolerance of tedium. That\u8217\'92s the secret. Talent is just . Some people call that passion, and maybe that\u8217\'92s what it was, but all Mandri knew was that he no longer had it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he and Gil got to the top of a hill that overlooked Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s villa, he saw that Vigram was still standing in his drive, looking after him. Vigram waved, and then he cupped his voice and shouted, \u8220\'93No burgeons, Mandri!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered under his breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re gonna fry your mind!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to get into an argument at that kind of distance, so he waved back and then kept on walking all the way to Geem\u8217\'92s. There he bought half a bushel of burgeons with the money Vigram had given him, and Geem gave Gil half a melon, free of charge. Mandri was a little disappointed because the only stuff Geem had were south valley burgeons, decent stuff but the the waxy capsule leaves were a bit too brittle, so the insides had a tendency to dry out too quick for Mandri\u8217\'92s liking. But that was all Geem had so he bought them. Then he and Gil continued along the road, stomping through the wheel-ruts, slapping away the flies, until they made it out his dusty farm at nightfall. }}