{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram soon outpaced them all to take the lead, and as he did, Elrahet climbed up and over his monstrous pack and then climbed down the other side to sit atop his shoulders like a toddler. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Faster!\u8221\'94 she cried as she twisted around to glare at all who lagged behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri struggled. The start of the Goree Pass was a gently rising wagon path leading into a canyon valley, but Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pace was furious, and the giant scrambled up a slope to the left, a near vertical scree, and to Mandri\u8217\'92s unworked arms and legs it might as well have been a  tallest mountain in the world. Moto had to push him up, and near the top, Moteah had to pull him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From there, the jogged along a shelf of sturdy rock, and this way ran right aside the road below until it dead ended into wall of reddish stone, solid stone save for narrow crack which split it in two. This crack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s opening was hardly an inch wider than the width of Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulders, but somehow Ayram barreled into it without so much as a stutter step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms and legs bumped and scraped against this crack\u8217\'92s striated walls. If he wasn\u8217\'92t blushing with exhaustion and fear he might have savored the scene\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 layers of red and off-red rock stacked on top each other to compose dramatic sweeping forms that towered overhead and bracketed a thin, winding strip of bright blue sky. The sun played a game of peekaboo with Mandrameen as he ran along, and such was the height and swerve of the walls that the sunlight never touched the mushy pile of sand and fallen rock that was the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The way twisted and bent, right and left, and soon Mandri was so far behind that he rarely caught a glimpse of Moteah, much less anyone else beyond her. He was chasing the sounds of their paddling feet. Then he came to fork in the road, and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know which way to take, as the Ayramun had charged ahead without sparing care for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before he could get to worried, a packless, Elrahetless Ayram came sprinting back from the leftern way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep going!\u8221\'94 Ayram growled as he charged towards Mandri. It seemed as if the giant was about to tackle him, but the man stuck his iron spear into the sand and vaulted right over Mandri\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The giant landed as soft as rain, and when he did he spared another glare for Mandri, and that set Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs in motion again, he ran down the leftern way, wondering why Ayram was headed in the opposite direction. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri ran on and on without catching sight of anyone. Twice he asked Obo for confirmation that they were headed the right way, and Obo simply stated that there was only the one way to go. He also said to hurry up, for he could sense the Riga was warming its whistle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Soon a whole hand had passed, measured out by the oppressive eye of the sun as it crossed the thin bridge of blue above. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sprint slowed to a half-hearted, heavy-breathing jog, for he was weak and the air was heating up. Unlike the desert proper this air was not so dry as to lick the sweat right off Mandri\u8217\'92s skin the moment it beaded up. Few feelings are more uncomfortable than a soggy lower back being patted by Obo\u8217\'92s litter. The vortex of steamy air that emerged there in that gap was a weather system unto itself, and this self-sustaining convection current, shaped by the contours of muscle, leather, and spine, was only good for one thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 distracting him from thinking about demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But it only worked for so long. He marched at the quickest pace he could muster, and when this slowed to a walk he found himself searching the shadows for camouflaged demons that might leap out to get him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He remembered the burgeon he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stolen from Seb. If his eyes couldn\u8217\'92t see the demons that he felt must be there, then the God\u8217\'92s Eye sight might reveal them. He patted the burgeon bulb inside his robe to make sure it was still there, and as he weighed the pros and cons of risking his vision to its juice, the way belled out into a short stripe of rock-rubble valley, revealing the rest of the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a miniature valley of sorts, as it was only there because a great length of the rock on either side had collapsed. The valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly was clogged up by a mound of rock, though enough of this mound had been cleared away to make a thin, passable trail. To the left, towering above the precarious western slope was the Goree\u8217\'92s tallest plateau, stretching beyond vision, and above that, the latter-day sun blazed down. Hiding in the shadows of the larger rocks were the Ayramun. They were arguing about something, and as Mandri approached he heard Moto say, \u8220\'93\u8230\'85and no backtalk. And that goes for you too, Seb. You been getting uppity these days and it\u8217\'92s time to stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb soured at this sudden turn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t give lip. I give suggestions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No suggestions, then. I swear, you got me halfway to breaking your jaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri joined their huddle and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m in charge,\u8221\'94 said Moto firmly. \u8220\'93Ayram went to go do Ayram things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram things?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s going to bother the Hrks and distract the Riga. Maybe even kill it. What we got to do is divvy up Ayram\u8217\'92s stuff and keep going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great pack was lying there on the ground. The shadow it cast was almost as long as the shadow of the boulder Mandri was hiding in. He let loose an exhausted groan and said, \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t carry any of that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stared Mandri square and said slowly, stressing the threat of punishment, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll do what I tell you to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrank back and raised his hands to surrender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got something to say?\u8221\'94 Moto asked to his sister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on,\u8221\'94 said Moteah. \u8220\'93Look at him. He\u8217\'92s a twig, he can hardly carry himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw went tight. He stood up even straighter. His nose flared as he sniffed that elevated air of authority. He pointed a finger at Moteah and declared, \u8220\'93Then }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  will carry his share.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah scoffed and settled in for a fight. She put her hand-on-sidethrust-hip, and not to be outskilled in art of finger-wagging, she flicked her finger right back at Moto and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about, for once, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 take up the weight when Ayram gives it to you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the muscles in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders tensed up, and like a slapback lizard unfurling it\u8217\'92s frills, he rolled his shoulders back to puff his chest. The siblings might have come to blows if a wad of borcandi juice didn\u8217\'92t go flying right between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry it,\u8221\'94 Seb grumbled. \u8220\'93If\u8217\'92n it means you two stop bitchin\u8217\'92 and we can get on with it, I\u8217\'92ll carry the damn thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no room in your pack,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s sake, lash it to my spine then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb unshouldered her pack and dropped it at Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. Moto, unhappy with Seb\u8217\'92s act of charity, kept his grudging eyes fixed on his sister as he gathered some of Ayram\u8217\'92s gear and stuffed what he could into Seb\u8217\'92s pack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bore her new burden with the stolidity of an ox, and she charged ahead into the canyon beyond, though her springy step was reduced to hurried shuffle under the weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet followed after her, and after gathering some Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s things, Moteah followed too, being sure to brush by her brother with a smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto tossed a few blankets and the heavier ropes onto a nearby rock, as they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t needed, and when he got annoyed with Mandri watching, he pointed after the others and said, \u8220\'93Get going.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Day progressed, the canyon shadows grew black and the brilliant blue of the sky dimmed into purpler hues. It was near the golden hour when their path led up a steep rise and emptied out onto the heights of the Goree plateau.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There, Mandri was greeted with a sight which pushed out all concerns\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Hrks, Rigas, Amalgametes, demonry, his own exhaustion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for there in front of him was an enormous structure, at once a building and a mountain, at once a flat-topped chunk of natural stone looming into the sky and a richly ornamented temple whose walls were embossed with geometric patterns composed of simple shapes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 circles, diamonds, squares, and triangles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and these shapes were joined together to roughly resemble faces. There were animal faces, demonic faces, faces inside of faces. An oval the size of two-floor building demarcated the edges of a fox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gape, and the nostrils of the fox were the eyes of a hawk, and the beak of the hawk was the tooth of the fox and also the nose of a snarling demon. It was patterns inside of patterns, lines inside of lines, and Mandri had to crane his neck to look up at it, for temple, named Shulgi according to Seb, was set on top of a sloping hill of rock rubble, rubble laid down by both the despoiling hands of time and humanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had never seen its like in a painting. All the monumental wonders get their place in Hrkan art, and so by rights Shulgi should have been included. The Hrkan brush is especially attracted to the monuments of the outland tribes, for the glories of the conquered serve well to heighten the glory of the conqueror. This temple would have been one of the brightest jewels in the Lordly crowns, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s even after accounting for the effects of the bewitching evening sun whose amber rays painted the stone with flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lack of its account in Hrkan art could only be explained by ignorance. The Hrkan Lords did not know of it. If they did, they would have swept away the Greskalun a long time ago, and if they learned of it now, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have a much easier time of it because the building was a hollow husk. Above the graven faces on the temple\u8217\'92s wall were rows of mullioned arches, each as empty of candlelight as the next. If this were a living temple, there would be light, there would be movement, there would be voices chanting Old Jandri hymns with all the guttural intensity of a lizard litter that\u8217\'92s been brushed with the scent of a pretty lizard woman. But the air was silent save for the whistling wind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto jogged past Mandri to take up his rightful place at the head of the Ayramless file. He guided them up the well-trodden slope to the foot of a long flight of stairs which led up to the temple entrance. These were troublesome stairs, and there were at least a hundred of them. They were steep, and every step had to be dealt with on its own terms for they each had their own unique slump from the wear of ages. They looked more like layers of melted wax than stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Three steps up and Mandri noticed a dark stain climbing up the stairs with him as he went. He guessed that up above, some unattended bucket of oil had spilled, found a groove, and then streamed all the way down to the bottom. If it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t oil, well, it could be a number of other substances. Perfumed wine, red berry brine, or ink. It could be slurried excrement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a temple that large had to have drainage somewhere, though yes, it would be odd that they\u8217\'92d have it running out the front door. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But he knew it was blood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because of course it was blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were demons about and there weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any people where people were expected to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had to be blood. Blood had the most explanatory power. It explained the stain, and it explained the general unease creeping under skin, it explained why his knees trembled and why, as he crested the final stair and stepped onto the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forecourt, why he felt the urge to flee. Then his eyes alighted on the temple entrance, which itself had been sculpted in that curvilinear language into the head of a viper. It\u8217\'92s fangs were similarly stained by that dark substance, leading Mandri to wonder if the building itself had eaten the Greskalun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They crossed the pillared court at decent clip. Moto drew his sword as if to do battle with the building itself. He stopped before crossing the threshold. He peered inside, then drew away and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll wait for Ayram somewhere else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet scoffed at the suggestion, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going back down,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I climbed up these steps and I\u8217\'92ll be damned if I don\u8217\'92t stick my head in and see what\u8217\'92s happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Moto firmly. \u8220\'93Ayram said that we should only wait inside if it was empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get a torch going,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was a step ahead of her, already striking sparks of flint onto a bundle of torch sticks that Seb was holding. The dried resin caught flame quickly, and soon it was burning brightly, sending a thick cloud of black smoke swirling into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto yanked the torch out of his sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram put me in charge,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet sneered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take charge of your wits and march yourself inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stewed in a wordless anger. He took a moment and a long-sipped breath to compose himself, and he thrust the torch into the temple interior. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As soon he did, a swarm of bats screeched in the darkness and took flight. Their wingbeats battered the torch smoke as they swirled out of the viper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth, and they swerved along the temple wall before disappearing into some unseen hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto had to start all over with his composure. When he was ready, he leaned into the temple entrance and sniffed the air. His face immediately soured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah agreed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells like stale piss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose you would know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto held his torch aloft and stepped into the temple. Everyone filtered in behind. Mandri looked over his shoulder to Obo before he entered. Obo simply nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance hall was a grand, colonnaded affair, as wide as a barge, thrice as long, and at least twice Ayram\u8217\'92s height. The torchlight could only tease the distant wall. In the middle of this dimness, dugout into the floor, was a large octagonal fire pit that was filled to the brim with white ash. Wind had swept some of this ash around the room, with trails of it sprinkling the nearby columns and frosting the floor. On the other side of this pit, facing the Ayramun, was a man sitting cross-legged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto halted his people with a loud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ip!\u8221\'94, and he waved his torch back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello!\u8221\'94, but his words echoed back without rejoinder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The figure, robed in green and splattered in ash, sat slumped, arms folded into his robe, chin-tucked as if sleeping. The only bit of visible flesh was his black, ash splattered hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably dead,\u8221\'94 marked Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you think so?\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that said \u8216\'91hello\u8217\'92 to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet held out her hand towards Moto and made a grasping motion, requesting the torch. Moto handed it over, and with it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light leading the way, she hobbled towards the mysterious figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He must\u8217\'92ve been eating mice,\u8221\'94 said Moto as he kicked a small spine that was lying on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or bats,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now that Mandri knew that bones were there, he was seeing them everywhere, the scattered remains of small creatures littered the floor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin boned lizard legs, bats, perhaps foxes, mice, and plenty of beetle shells too. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet broke the stunned silence when she waddled up to that cross-legged figure and poked him hard with her can.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man fell onto his side. His impact kicked up a cloud of ash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is indeed dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared. \u8220\'93And he is a not a man, or not wholly a man, I should say. His stomach is changed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She bent down and rubbed the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe in between her fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Viggy wool,\u8221\'94 she said confidently. \u8220\'93This is the raiment of Greskal\u8217\'92s prince.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah then asked what Mandri was thinking, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was he the Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An Amalgamete\u8230\'85The Amalgamete\u8230\'85almost\u8230\'85maybe\u8230\'85but it is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence so far into the room gave Mandri the courage to join her. His feet were glad to be on smooth, flat stone, and he was glad to be \u8216\'91inside\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was a distinction that he forgot existed after spending so many days wandering in the wilderness. So what if there were dead critters and a dead body? So what if there were demons lurking in the shadows? It felt good to flout these ominous things. If he didn\u8217\'92t, he\u8217\'92d probably faint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As he crept towards the fire-pit, he noticed a faint golden glimmer in the back of the room. He walked Elrahet and the body, towards that glimmer, for shining faintly in the torch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dancing light was an enormous golden statue of Solraheen sitting at the back of the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As far as statues of the Most Favored go, this one was a rare Old Jandri piece where Solraheen is shown sitting so as to mark the place as His dwelling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a form outlawed by Hrk, for it was sacrilegious to suggest that Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s principles did not dwell in Jeket. Here, His golden skin was smooth and His body featureless. His face was round, alive, and enlightened. His pose was rigid as a board, as if someone who had never sat before had the act described to them by blind man. The Hrks would later give Solraheen the muscles of a hero and the natural bearing of a Hrkan Lord being crowned, but Mandri preferred this older style. It was less tied to reality. It was more primitive, and therefore, more true. And it was huge, at least ten feet tall. Where most closet Solraheens were inset into a wall or ensconced within a small wood shrine, this Solraheen sat out in the open, and his seat was a bronze throne pillowed with opalescent lizard hides that had been polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a beautiful sight. A source of serenity. None of it glittered as brightly as Mandrameen might have wanted, for a thin layer of dust dulled its luster, and some of that fire-lorn ash had speckled His cheek. While all that was a shame, it could be forgiven because there was no one to attend to Him. But what could not be forgiven was the fact that, instead of a clean and warm amber glow, Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden skin was darkly mottled. It was tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced at such impiety. Pure gold cannot tarnish, and so this meant that the Greskalun had polluted His flesh with impure metals. No wonder Solraheen did not deliver them from their suffering. And worse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 standing by Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left foot were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now, he could not say for certain what this urine was for, but there was narrative proximity here which couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be ignored. Surely\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 surely the Greskalun were bathing their God in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One indignity to wash away another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They should have settled for a smaller statue,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 croaked Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pointed to the statue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s tarnished,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not pure gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet cackled then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen cares not for gold. What He cares about is this man here,\u8221\'94 she poked the dead man again with her cane, \u8220\'93And that poor thing there.\u8221\'94 She pointed with the torch to a dark lump sitting not ten feet away from Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri yelped in fright, for the round lump lurking on the floor in the shadows had an ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a mop of dark hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a neck, and attached to this neck were a few links of spine. What flesh there was looked like it had been gnawed on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scuffled back towards the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were right, Mazid,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93Though it wasn\u8217\'92t hunger which urged this tasting of flesh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was standing over the green robed body. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you saying that this man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 ate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that other man over there?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was his final meal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ok, we\u8217\'92re leaving,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93The struggle in this room is over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should burn it. That\u8217\'92s what we came here to do!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be so quick to judge those touched by the darkness, for there is no greater struggle. This was one of Solraheen\u8217\'92s champions. He was braver than any of you. He fought against the rising tide and cut out his own stomach before it transformed him completely. See here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She held the torch low to the firepit, and she poked around it with her cane to reveal, half buried in ash, a large round stomach. Evidently this green-robed prince had cut it out at the neck and then tossed it into the fire like a lure, dragging with it the intestines behind, and these he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d cut as well and tossed into the ash. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he had lost his battle, this world\u8217\'92s woes would be magnified by a hundred thousand thousand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stomach was black, nearly as black as Fabled Black, and while that might be expected for flesh cooking in flames, it seemed to Mandri that it was black for other reasons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was he responsible for the pilgrim poles?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. She then pulled out her golden knife and cut the stomach open without effort. She used her cane to spread the halves apart, and she leaned over it as if to divine it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knew very little about the art of divination. He knew that the stomach was the seat of the Spark, and that the organ is subdivided into regions, each with its own special significance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the stomach\u8217\'92s stem, the gate, the portal vein, the sphincter, and so on. Most importantly, there are the patterns in the folds of the interior lining. One could, with the right training, not only interpret the meaning of current and past events but predict the future. That was all that Mandri knew. It was not a functional knowledge. He did not expect, when Elrahet cut into that black stomach, that he would understand anything about what was going on. But when that stomach peeled open, it let loose a black puff of smoke that struck Mandri dumb with dread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It seemed the room itself shuddered and gasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oooookay,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not waiting in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet ignored him. She sorted through the stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s contents with her blade, and her face grew more sullen with every poke. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you not hear me?\u8221\'94 Moto asked. \u8220\'93I said we\u8217\'92re leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t have to tell me twice,\u8221\'94 said Seb, and she rushed back towards the entrance. No one else budged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet,\u8221\'94 Moto pleaded, \u8220\'93Please just do what I ask you to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet snapped and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go look for Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders sank. He looked despondently up at the ceiling and sank into misery for a spell. Then he clapped his hands, and said, \u8220\'93Alright. Alllllright. If a demon falls down from the ceiling and starts making your insides be outsides, don\u8217\'92t complain to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1   He threw his pack down, pulled from it a rock crystal spyglass and hurried out into the oncoming night to watch for Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet shouted after him like a worried, but angry mother.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t stray far!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And like every son with his own ideas, Moto ignored her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri decided to follow Moto, because the divination of entrails was not for him. He set his Obo-stuffed pack against an ash-brushed column and hurried outside. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The evening breeze was a revelation, it told of just how foul the air in that hall really was. Mandri took a deep breath of it, hoping to clear the taint of that vile stomach from his senses. He could still see it in his mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye, and now that he was thinking about it he wanted to vomit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  He forced himself to think of prettier things. The sun was now a bright pink line in the west and that pinkness washed over a smattering of faint stars who were just beginning to twinkle. The fractured face of the plateau below mirrored the color of the sky. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Describe plateau.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pops the burgeon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The reason Mandri hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen Ayram is because Ayram wasn\u8217\'92t weaving his way through the dark canyons, he was out on top of the plateau, looking a bit like a flea on the back of a scaled lizard hide. He was sprinting towards the temple, leaping across the canyon gaps as he went. Some of these gaps were larger than Mandri thought was possible to traverse, but as Ayram jumped, he stabbed the ground with spear and practically threw himself across. The speed and power was incredible, even viewed so far away. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}