{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Structure is very similar to the Republic, with some readers thinking this was a reinforcment of the conflict between Socrates and Thracymicus in the Republic.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Gorgias - king of the sophists}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \tab - often described as the first nihilist, but  you never know what to take seriously}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \tab - famous for encomium on helen; speech of praise on behalf of Helen, who is the greek image of the wiked woman who causes thousands of deaths. He can make the guilty appear innocent, the weaker argument appear stronger, and if he can do that for helen of troy, he can do it for anyone.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Polust - newer student of Gorgias}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Callicles - well advanced student}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b1\i0 Rhetoric is persuasive but it does not create conviction or knowledge}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 - you sway people based on their emotions and not on the basis of their ability to be critical of the arguments they hear.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Gorgius - has a brother named Heroditus; he has helped his brother, a doctor, by persuading his patients to follow the doctor\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s orders. They don\u8217\'92t have anaesthesia. For people who are afraid of pain, the rhetorician can persuade them to submit to the painful treatment.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Socrates - medicine is a genuine \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91technae\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91art\u8217\'92 because it tries to achieve health. It may use unpleasant means to achieve that, because medicine isn\u8217\'92t about gratifying your desires, but rather achieving health, which is a greater desire not an immediate impulse towards pleasure.. Cookery is a knack. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Towards the end, Callicles attempts to flee the dialectic (impulse), Gorgias turns in the physician and pleads with him to stay, so that Socrates, the true doctor, the soul doctor, can heal him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Rhetoric is good insofar as it gets people without knowledge to behave like people that do have knowledge}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The poison of sophistry endangers not just the sophist but everyone in the city. Because Socrates thinks most people are fools, he thinks he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s the only one who practices the true political art, he says look I\u8217\'92m a dotor, and I\u8217\'92ve come to deliver some bad news, you need to take some bitter medicine. The people dont want to hear that, instead they want to hear, here\u8217\'92s a present enjoyable thing, and you should stay away from bitter medicine because it doesn\u8217\'92t taste good.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Callicles is convinced that the best off man is the man who has huge desires and huge impulses and can gratify them continuously; food, wine, drugs, alcohol, sex. You want to maximise those desires and maximise the satisfaction.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Socrates claims moderation is a virtue. There is such a thing as enough. How do you know when you have it? What is a moderate amount of anything? Socrates says a moderate amount of anything is the amount that doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t cause you to become excessive (pleonexia). These moderate restraints are self-imposed. A wise man restrains himself on the basis of his knowledge of how much is enough.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \line Callicles says moderation is for inferior people. Real men demand as much as they can, because that is what virtue demands. He accuses Socrates of winning his arguments by jumping from convention, to nature. He says, morality is just convention. Real morality is the idea that big fish eat little fish, and that hawks eat sparrows. Those that can get away with being predators are happy when they do so because they get away with an extra large share of everything.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Socrates says, is that really wise? If you get an extra large share of food, will you be better off, or worse off? If you get an extra large share of alcohol, will it be a refreshment, or will you be an aloholic and enslaved to it? }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Buried here are a couple of important thoughts}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 How much is enough?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Callicles: no such thing as enough. Gratifying these extremely vast pleasures is what makes a happy human being. Freudian; have a desire, you satisfy it, or you get psycic problems.  Foucault; the best human life is the one that maximizes desires and satisfies those desires.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Socrates says there is such a thing as enough, and a proper amount, and this is accessible purely through reason; a natural moral law. Their appetites do not rule, but reason rules. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 So there is natural moral law, vs. Moral law is conventional, meaning it can be broken with impunity by those that are strong enough to do it (like nietzche).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Socrates - pleasure is not the good, because there are unpleasant things that are good for you. The wise man accepts this.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Two different conceptions of freedom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Freedom as liberty vs. Freedom as autonomy}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Callicles - freedom to do whatever you want whenever you want. No man can be happy if he has any kind of restraint on him at all. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 This would be a liscentous life, it does not pursue virtue, but pleasure, and the maximal satisfaction of those pleasures. Leads to an incurable state of moral evil, and an unhappy state. That view of human nature is like having a bucket at the hole in the bottom; nothing will ever satisfy, so you will never fill the bucket.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Socrates - freedom is autonomy - making rules for yourself and abiding by them conscientiously. Necessary for a well ordered soul and a well ordered city. }{\f2\fs20\b1\i0 When is a city happy? When everyone is free to do whatever they want? That would be anarchy. Consider a city that is autonomous; creates rules for itself (laws) and conscientiously enforces those rules. A human being that is autonomous is a human that is truly free.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Imagine someone who is addicted to narcotics. Through great pain and luck, they kick the habit. They stay clean for a year. Now go to this person and say, here is a pile of narcotics. You get to decide whether you want to use this or not. We are forcing on this ex-addict to decide what kind of freedom he wants. Freedom as liberty means he is free to act on his libido, and he will use and spiral down, thus be enslaved to the drug. But if he sets rules for himself, he will stay clean.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Which of these people are genuinely free: the ex addict who shoots up, or the addict who restrains his own libido.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Callicles is unwilling to take Socrates seriously. Socrates is unable to persuade him. He gets silenced, but not convinced. On the other hand, Socrates gives a powerful set of speeches, and when Callicles refuses to engage, Socrates shows he is a rhetorician, but he is only willing to deploy rhetoric in such a way as to help recalcitrant patients in taking their medicine.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 A bunch of references to the actual ways Socrates dies;}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Socrates claims it is better to be put to death by evil men and die a virtuous man, than to give up virtue and join in with the evil men.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Callicles fortells that if you are not a rhetorician, and you are not willing to lie in the process of speaking in public, then you are going to lose, and people are going to punish you and harm you. Socrates says I am better off being an honest man and suffering whatever punishment comes, than living a lie and being chained by public opinion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Rhetoric panders to the opinion of ignorant people, and makes them more ignorant than they were to begin with. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b1\i0 Socrates goes on to tell a myth about the afterlife; Perfect judges will weigh the hearts of men, those who are unclean will be punished/given another chance, and reincarnated. Those who are good will go to the blessed isle. Those who are evil will be tortured in tartarus. The point here is that the next best thing to genuine knowledge is a belief in myths that would get you to behave in such as way as if you had genuine knowledge.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b1\i0 Here Socrates is trying to persuade them to take the bitter medicine here in this world; if he needs to scare them about the afterlife, then so be it. }
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 No one is fit to govern other people until he learns to govern himself.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: What do you mean? do you think that rhetoric is flattery?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Nay, I said a part of flattery; if at your age, Polus, you cannot remember, what will you do by-and-by, when you get older?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: And are the good rhetoricians meanly regarded in states, under the idea that they are flatterers?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Is that a question or the beginning of a speech?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: I am asking a question.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Then my answer is, that they are not regarded at all.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: How not regarded? Have they not very great power in states?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Not if you mean to say that power is a good to the possessor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: And that is what I do mean to say.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Then, if so, I think that they have the least power of all the citizens.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: What! are they not like tyrants? They kill and despoil and exile any one whom they please.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: By the dog, Polus, I cannot make out at each deliverance of yours, whether you are giving an opinion of your own, or asking a question of me.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: I am asking a question of you.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Yes, my friend, but you ask two questions at once.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: How two questions?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Why, did you not say just now that the rhetoricians are like tyrants, and that they kill and despoil or exile any one whom they please?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: I did.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Well then, I say to you that here are two questions in one, and I will answer both of them. And I tell you, Polus, that rhetoricians and tyrants have the least possible power in states, as I was just now saying; for they do literally nothing which they will, but only what they think best.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: And is not that a great power?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Polus has already said the reverse.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: Said the reverse! nay, that is what I assert.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: No, by the great\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 what do you call him?\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 not you, for you say that power is a good to him who has the power.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: I do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: And would you maintain that if a fool does what he thinks best, this is a good, and would you call this great power?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: I should not.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Then you must prove that the rhetorician is not a fool, and that rhetoric is an art and not a flattery\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and so you will have refuted me; but if you leave me unrefuted, why, the rhetoricians who do what they think best in states, and the tyrants, will have nothing upon which to congratulate themselves, if as you say, power be indeed a good, admitting at the same time that what is done without sense is an evil.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: That may very well be, inasmuch as doing injustice is the greatest of evils.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: But is it the greatest? Is not suffering injustice a greater evil?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Certainly not.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: Then would you rather suffer than do injustice?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: I should not like either, but if I must choose between them, I would rather suffer than do.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: But in my opinion, Polus, the unjust or doer of unjust actions is miserable in any case,\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 more miserable, however, if he be not punished and does not meet with retribution, and less miserable if he be punished and meets with retribution at the hands of gods and men.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: You are maintaining a strange doctrine, Socrates.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Do I understand you to mean what I mean by the term \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93benefited\u8221\'94? I mean, that if he be justly punished his soul is improved.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: Surely.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Then he who is punished is delivered from the evil of his soul?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: Yes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: And is he not then delivered from the greatest evil? Look at the matter in this way:\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 In respect of a man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s estate, do you see any greater evil than poverty?}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: Yes; for happiness surely does not consist in being delivered from evils, but in never having had them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: True.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 SOCRATES: And suppose the case of two persons who have some evil in their bodies, and that one of them is healed and delivered from evil, and another is not healed, but retains the evil\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 which of them is the most miserable?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 POLUS: Clearly he who is not healed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0}