{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stretched his legs in a futile attempt to recover from the rigor of death. He wanted to stand up and walk around, but he was forced by circumstance to sit and wait in the bottom of the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limestone pit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He watched the sun as it crossed over to noon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its light shone straight down into the pit, leaving no shadows in which to hide. As a result, most of the Ayramun had retreated into the tunnel. Seb stayed to keep watch over Mandri, and Mandri stayed because he preferred the warmth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He set his back against the rock and shut his eyes. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d almost fallen asleep when a crowd of ragged pokes came scrambling back out into the pit, about fifteen to twenty of them. They all sat down, away from Mandri, chattering excitedly like children. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to pick up some hints about what was going on, but when some hidden signal passed between them, they all shut up. These sand-dusted, black-hooded, desert-beaten men and women fanned out to ring the pit cave\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s circle before promptly snapping to attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Out of the shadowed tunnel came a black-robed giant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A true giant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first thought that came to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind when he saw the man was, \u8216\'91Oh, shit.\u8217\'92 The second was more considered: \u8216\'91This must be Ayram\u8217\'92. Then next came, \u8216\'91He could be Arnaggu.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Arnaggu was the first Hrkan Lord, a true conquering hero, the inspiration for the genre of the conquering hero. In some ancient age, his image was carved into the flat face of a massive granite monadnock that towered above a windswept plain. The relief itself sat four-hundred feet off the ground, and the battle it depicted stretched all the way across the flat, shaven granite, some six-hundred feet wide. At the bottom of this great image was a horde of Old Jandri tribesmen dressed as slaves\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 naked torsos and skirted hips. Their limbs were splayed out like flattened lizards. Their faces were fixed in silent screams as they were crushed under the sandals of Arnaggu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s army, a tidal wave of men. Arnaggu himself was depicted ten times larger than any other, and he stood at the apex of the piece, wading through the carnage. His upper torso and head were the only parts of the relief carved fully in the round, such that Arnaggu seemed to be tearing himself out of the rock, eyes wild yet brow untroubled, the look of kingly rage, as if he\u8217\'92d just heard whispers of rebellion and was dead-set on cutting out the treacherous tongues with his blade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandrameen saw this relief when he was sixteen, and at first blush a prickling sense of awe stippled his skin. To contend with Arnaggu was to contend with the entirety of the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, Ayram could be Arnaggu reborn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A true giant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A stern countenance seemingly carved from stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His hair was wrapped up in a black headscarf, and his piercing blue eyes were tucked under thick, black, mothy brows. His long, gaunt face was sunk into a bread loaf of a beard, an Old Jandri style beard called an Unky beard, named after the warrior poet Unkileen, who was himself named after a mountain. Ayram wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ten-men-tall like Arnaggu, but he was as tall as two whole Mandrameens. And the way he moved, with his too-long legs wrapped tight in faded black wool, swinging in a loping gait, he seemed possessed of that skinny-legged power that hides inside a horse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here was a conquering hero in the fashion of old, and true to the form, his glare was imperious upon his prize: Mandrameen the Mazid. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb whispered in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear, \u8220\'93Stand in the center.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fighting back his own timidity, Mandri stood himself up. He walked to the center of the pit. A few of the Ayramun muttered insults, but Mandri paid them no mind. He was concerned instead with Ayram. The giant still had both his hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram turned to the cave from which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come and shouted, \u8220\'93Elrahet!\u8221\'94 His voice was deep and sonorous, as only the manliest tones could claw their way out of his cavernous chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An old woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice came grumbling out from the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light, I\u8217\'92m coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This old woman came hobbling into the light, stabbing the sand with her cane. She was clouded in a mass of ruffled up black tatters, and she kept her shawled head downcast in deference. With her spine as bowed as it was, her head was shorter than Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was not alone. Stumbling along behind her was a Zosan girl wrapped in a mottled, brown blanket. Her high cheeks were troubled by a huge mess of black hair and a clear lack of sleep. She leaned against Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stooped back, and the pair moved with deliberate care as the girl was clearly drugged, or drunk. Mandri guessed drunk because she walked with that familiar rhythmless shuffle of blurred instinct. She would have fallen at least twice if Elrahet was not there to steady the load. Old as Elrahet was, it seemed she possessed a sympathetic strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was clear, at least, that this girl was in great pain. She fought back a grimace with every step.  Huddled up as she was under the blanket, the source of her pain was not clear, though Mandri could guess\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her hand had been recently chopped off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When this tipsy girl set her red and witless eyes on Mandri, her chin jerked up, and her pained expression melted into stony resolve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here, at last, was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s new Minder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grabbed her shoulder and pulled her off of Elrahet. He shook her gently, and he called her name to bring her to attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Moteah, look at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah looked up at the giant with bleared amazement. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s time,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93I want you to command the Mazid. Command it to kneel to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram let go of Moteah and she, unbalanced, swayed into his hip. Ayram caught her, held her steady, then pointed his long arm at Mandri and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch stepped forward, steadied herself by her gnarled cane. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girl has not recovered,\u8221\'94 she croaked. The shadow of her cowl hid a sneering squint that folded so much age around her eyes that her eyes themselves were little more than black seeds thumb-pressed into her sockets. And those seeds were moving, they flitted underneath those wrinkles, studying the outline of Mandri\u8217\'92s figure as if they could see the smell of death exuding out of him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s no matter,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, inflecting his words with encouragement. \u8220\'93She has the power now to command it. Kneeling is no great burden.\u8221\'94 He bent down to whisper in Moteah\u8217\'92s ear. \u8220\'93Command it to kneel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah pulled her trembling hand out of her blanket and rubbed her swollen eyes. She stepped forward. Then she took a deep breath, steadied herself, and when she was good and ready, she commanded Mandri the Mazid to kneel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her voice was soft and troubled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood there like some god-touched idiot. Though he did feel a strange tickle in his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah clenched her teeth and stood up straight. When she gave her command again she seemed to bite the word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not move. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could you say that again?\u8221\'94 he asked, blithely. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t quite catch your meaning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh-hoh!\u8221\'94 Ayram bellowed. \u8220\'93It seems he has a will of his own! Try one more time. Give it urgency! Stand like up tall, like a Junkite Queen hungry for meat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold!\u8221\'94 Elrahet barked as she stepped forward into the circle. For a moment, her eyes fretted over Mandri\u8217\'92s figure. She waved Ayram\u8217\'92s inquisitive eye away with a flick of her knobby fingers. The giant grunted but stayed silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet began to circle Mandri as a vulture circles carrion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As she moved she mumbled a guttural speech devoid of natural pauses where she might take a breath. The strange words weaved themselves into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears, and he began to feel his thoughts and feelings flee him. By the second circling he was so far removed from the moment that he almost didn\u8217\'92t see the witch\u8217\'92s right hand plunge into her ragged robes and emerge with a curved, black knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a knife he had seen before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In fact, it looked exactly like the knife that the demon witch Pel had used to slaughter his ox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mind your Minder,\u8221\'94 Elrahet growled when she noticed him noticing her. \u8220\'93Think of nothing but your Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes instinctively flicked to Moteah, but thinking of her was difficult to do because he glimpsed Elrahet licking her withered lips at the sight of his stomach. And she held that accursed knife. It seemed to gleam in the heat of the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at the girl!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stiffened, an involuntary jerk, and now it was clear that this witch was ensorcelling him through her speech. He could actually feel her grating words pulling his mind out of its perch and into a pleasant quietness, where nothing existed but the sight of his Minder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her dark skin swam atop her skull as if this were a burgeon binge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the witch was not done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She continued to circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every time her mumblings crescendoed into a witchy bark, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lash out with her blade and slash the air just above Mandri\u8217\'92s skin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 above his arm, his shoulder, right in front of his nose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 each time Mandri felt some part of himself snap, as if every cut loosed one of his desires, unmooring his mind from the future so that it would drift a little further down into present. Soon it seemed that the only functional parts of him were his legs, which kept him standing, and his vision, though that was blurring into a whitish pucker behind Moteah\u8217\'92s severe expression. He had become a pure passenger of the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Command it to kneel,\u8221\'94 Ayram demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt his heart squeeze. An unfamiliar urge bubbled up out of his gut and he almost vomited right as Moteah shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The word that flew out of her mouth was not her own. The sand underneath his feet shivered, and a cool air blew up from nowhere to billow the skirt of his robe. And more than that, when the word passed out of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat it wrenched at his stomach. He wheezed as his insides twisted, doubling him over in pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he caught his breath he opened his eyes and saw he was still standing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stood back up straight and put on a grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93If you could command me, you could do it with a whisper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah snarled at his sardonic grin, then brought her handless left arm out into the air. Her nubby wrist was wrapped in a weedy poultice, and this she aimed at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest as if it were a weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She closed her eyes. Her lips trembled in concentration. Mandri could feel the pulse of her fingers gripping his heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet began again to circle, this time cross-stepping sideways, facing him. He struggled against her mumblings as they dragged him back down into her thrall. He plunged into a vision of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s severed hand stuck inside his chest. Her dead fingers squeezed the malformed slug of muscle that passed for a heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93KNEEL!\u8221\'94 Moteah screamed, and the concussive word rattled the pit\u8217\'92s chalky walls then rebounded right back at Mandri, rattling his ribs. The shout bounced into the cave beyond, echoing into unseen corridors, slamming into every dead end, sending faint rejoinders back out. That this powerful shout had come from such an ailing girl was the least incredible thing, for the air between herself and the Mandri was alive with a sprinkling of sand, as if her very shout had somehow thwacked the dusty ground between, like an invisible whip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders jerked downwards, pulled by an unseen tether, and for a moment, he felt as if he would kneel, but when the last echoing remnant of the Moteah\u8217\'92s command faded out of the air, the tension snapped, and Mandri was still standing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost!\u8221\'94 Mandri exclaimed, surprised by the effort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Moteah wobbled and collapsed to her knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, a smirk playing on his lips. \u8220\'93Is that what you wanted me to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This little barb elicited a chorus of jeers from the Ayramun. Some called for justice for their dead companions. Others sought his blood for the sake of it. Ayram himself stood silent, arms crossed, clearly upset. It was clear he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been expecting Moteah\u8217\'92s commandment would be followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Ayram was ready speak, he blew a shrill whistle to quiet the crowd. He stepped forward, so that he could properly look down his nose upon Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your name, boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you not kneeling, Mandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood defiant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not kneeling because I don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram nodded towards Moteah, who was still on her knees, cringing against the pain that flared in her left wrist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is your Minder, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I presume so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why are you not kneeling?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a clue as to why the girl had failed to make him kneel. But true to form, that did not stop him from speculating. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t actually think a Minder can force me to do anything,\u8221\'94 he said with confidence. \u8220\'93I suspect a Minder can only stop me from doing something they don\u8217\'92t want me to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram seemed to find Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suggestion absurd. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the difference between commanding you to kneel, and stopping you from standing? There is no difference. Kneel, or stop standing, I don\u8217\'92t care which.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could always try again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram turned to consider Moteah. She looked queasy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try again,\u8221\'94 he commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch Elrahet bared her teeth at the suggestion, and she set Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blanket back around the girl\u8217\'92s shoulders. \u8220\'93I said once that she has not recovered. Need I say it again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By the way Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lower lip jutted, this was not an acceptable outcome.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone toss me a dagger!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A bone-handled dagger came flying into the center of the circle and Ayram snatched its hilt right out of the air. The blade was no bigger than a butterknife in his massive hand. He swiftly set its edge up tight against the side of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel,\u8221\'94 he said, drawing out all the tyranny endemic to the word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri merely laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Threats of violence can no more compel me to act than a word from my new Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram growled, and the sound echoed around inside his cavernous chest, giving the impression that two men growled at once. To make sure Mandri got the point, he rotated the dagger so that its tip dug into the skin. A tear of blood dripped down Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 Mandri said through clenched teeth. \u8220\'93I was fine with dying back when I still had a Spark. Now I would welcome it. You threaten me with a good time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared up at the sharp nose poking out from Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bread-loaf beard, and just beyond that were two blue-ice eyes, almost glowing. Those were something worth painting; the eyes of a giant as they considered ripping out a weak-necked throat. Thankfully, they relented when Elrahet cleared her own throat with a dry, hacking cough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should be walking,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shrugged her words away and began to pace to and fro, hands held behind his back, twirling that bone-handled blade in between dexterous fingers. It was a grand show of furious thinking, one which went on for far too long, long enough to wear a spotty trail into the sand. He eventually stiffened up, then shared a magnificent smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about we bargain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few chuckles rose from the Ayramun, and Mandri thought he knew why\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram was not a man who bargained. He was big enough to simply take what he wanted. Like Tob had said, everything here was his.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared Ayram square as he could and put his response quite bluntly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have nothing I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then don\u8217\'92t call it bargaining,\u8221\'94 Ayram replied. \u8220\'93We will share gestures of goodwill. We can start small, if you like. Kneel before me, and I will show you some kindness in return. Don\u8217\'92t ask for much, as kneeling is no great demand. How about a mouthful of water?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a Mazid,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need water. And without a Spark, I don\u8217\'92t need food either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He snapped his fingers at one of the nearby Ayramun and demanded their waterskin. The skin was tossed, Ayram snatched it out of the air, and he unplugged the cork and took a drink. His beard bulged as he swished the water around his mouth, and after he swallowed and smacked his lips he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out here, water is precious. Giving you water means I am giving you more than water. This exchange here, we are demonstrating a willingness to cooperate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you have nothing I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t about what }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , boy. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a principle at play. Will you cooperate, or won\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet drew herself up and bittered the idea with a grunt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot bargain with a Sparkless stomach. If it wants nothing, it will give nothing.\u8221\'94  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about freedom?\u8221\'94 Ayram wondered aloud, and he turned to Mandri with renewed interest. \u8220\'93That is something worth trading for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram seemed earnest. His people were less enthused. Indeed, the circle of Ayramun ringing Mandri was a gallery of discontent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 smugness, anger, impatience, boredom, like whipped hounds waiting for the master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s greasy hand to divvy up the meal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Somehow,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92ve gone through all this trouble just to let me go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is why we will make a trade,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93You do something for me, I do something for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it you want me to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What else? Destroy my enemies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said it as if he were asking for a little extra butter for his bread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re no different than the Hrks,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This tickled Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beard greatly. His laugh was a bellowing slap. \u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the sound finished ringing around the pit, he was still smiling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have been mistaken for a god. I have been mistaken for a demon. I have }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 never}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  been mistaken for Hrk.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy is Sparkless,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said as she jabbed her cane at Mandri\u8217\'92s stomach. \u8220\'93He couldn\u8217\'92t sense goodness if it graced his cheek.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I fear that is true,\u8221\'94 Ayram lamented.  He turned to Moteah, who looked near death and very upset about it. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all up to you,\u8221\'94 he said. Then he marched right on by and shouted, \u8220\'93We walk!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of the Ayramun jumped up, rabbed their things, and hurried to follow after their leader. Seb stopped at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side and told him to follow too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri thought about staying put and causing as much fuss as possible. He had every right to make these people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lives as miserable as they were making his. Then he considered what passes for torture in this part of the Sand. And then there was the sight of Moteah shuffling along, unbalanced, and somehow it made things more bearable to see someone suffering worse than he.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gathered what was left of his common sense and hustled after Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fluttering cloak, into the tunnel.}}