{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People who devote their lives to studying something often come to believe that the object of their fascination is the key to understanding everything. Books have been published in recent years on the transformative role in human history played by cooking, mothering, war\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\~even salt. This is one of those books.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The word\~righteous\~comes from the old Norse word\~rettviss\~and the old English word\~rihtwis, both of which mean \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93just, upright, virtuous.\u8221\'94}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#itr-nts003"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 3}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~This meaning has been carried into the modern English words\~righteous\~and\~righteousness, although nowadays those words have strong religious connotations because they are usually used to translate the Hebrew word\~tzedek. Tzedek\~is a common word in the Hebrew Bible, often used to describe people who act in accordance with God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wishes, but it is also an attribute of God and of God\u8217\'92s judgment of people (which is often harsh but always thought to be just).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The linkage of righteousness and judgmentalism is captured in some modern definitions of\~righteous, such as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93arising from an outraged sense of justice, morality, or fair play.\u8221\'94}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#itr-nts004"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 4}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~The link also appears in the term\~self-righteous, which means \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93convinced of one\u8217\'92s own righteousness, especially in contrast with the actions and beliefs of others; narrowly moralistic and intolerant.\u8221\'94}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#itr-nts005"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 5}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~I want to show you that an obsession with righteousness (leading inevitably to self-righteousness) is the normal human condition. It is a feature of our evolutionary design, not a bug or error that crept into minds that would otherwise be objective and rational.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Enlightenment (or wisdom, if you prefer) requires us all to take the logs out of our own eyes and then escape from our ceaseless, petty, and divisive moralism. As the eighth-century Chinese Zen master Sen-ts\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92an wrote:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~The Perfect Way is only difficult}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~for those who pick and choose;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~Do not like, do not dislike;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~all will then be clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~Make a hairbreadth difference,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~and Heaven and Earth are set apart;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~If you want the truth to stand clear before you,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~never be for or against.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~The struggle between \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93for\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93against\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~\~is the mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worst disease.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#itr-nts011"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 1}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OK, here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a more challenging story:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A man goes to the supermarket once a week and buys a chicken. But before cooking the chicken, he\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 h}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 as sexual intercourse with it. Then he cooks it and eats it.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once again, no harm, nobody else knows, and, like the dog-eating family, it involves a kind of recycling that is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as some of my research subjects pointed out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an efficient use of natural resources. But now the disgust is so much stronger, and the action just seems so\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\~degrading. Does that make it wrong? If you\u8217\'92re an educated and politically liberal Westerner, you\u8217\'92ll probably give another nuanced answer, one that acknowledges the man\u8217\'92s right to do what he wants, as long as he doesn\u8217\'92t hurt anyone.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But if you are\~not\~a liberal or libertarian Westerner, you probably think it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrong\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 morally wrong\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for someone to have sex with a chicken carcass and then eat it. For you, as for most people on the planet, morality is broad. Some actions are wrong even though they don\u8217\'92t hurt anyone. Understanding the simple fact that morality differs around the world, and even within societies, is the first step toward understanding your righteous mind. The next step is to understand where these many moralities came from in the first place.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In other words, the understanding of the conservation of volume wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t innate, and it wasn\u8217\'92t learned from adults. Kids\~figure it out for themselves, but only when their minds are ready\~and\~they are given the right kinds of experiences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Piaget applied this cognitive-developmental approach to the study of children\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s moral thinking as well.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c01-nts005"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 5}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~He got down on his hands and knees to play marbles with children, and sometimes he deliberately broke rules and played dumb. The children then responded to his mistakes, and in so doing, they revealed their growing ability to respect rules, change rules, take turns, and resolve disputes. This growing knowledge came in orderly stages, as children\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the essence of psychological rationalism: We grow into our rationality as caterpillars grow into butterflies. If the caterpillar eats enough leaves, it will (eventually) grow wings. And if the child gets enough experiences of turn taking, sharing, and playground justice, it will (eventually) become a moral creature, able to use its rational capacities to solve ever harder problems. Rationality is our nature, and good moral reasoning is the end point of development.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rationalism has a long and complex history in philosophy. In this book I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll use the word\~rationalist\~to describe anyone who believes that reasoning is the most important and reliable way to obtain moral knowledge.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c01-nts008"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 8}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kohlberg found a six-stage progression in children\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reasoning about the\~social\~world, and this progression matched up well with the stages Piaget had found in children\u8217\'92s reasoning about the\~physicalworld. Young children judged right and wrong by very superficial features, such as whether a person was punished for an action. (If an adult punished the act, then the act must have been wrong.) Kohlberg called the first two stages the \u8220\'93pre-conventional\u8221\'94 level of moral judgment, and they correspond to the Piagetian stage at which kids judge the physical world by superficial features (if a glass is taller, then it has more water in it).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But during elementary school, most children move on to the two \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93conventional\u8221\'94 stages, becoming adept at understanding and even}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 m}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 anipulating rules and social conventions. This is the age of petty legalism that most of us who grew up with siblings remember well (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not hitting you. I\u8217\'92m using your hand to hit you. Stop hitting yourself!\u8221\'94). Kids at this stage generally care a lot about conformity, and they have great respect for authority\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in word, if not always in deed. They rarely question the legitimacy of authority, even as they learn to maneuver within and around the constraints that adults impose on them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After puberty, right when Piaget said that children become capable of abstract thought, Kohlberg found that some children begin to think for themselves about the nature of authority, the meaning of justice, and the reasons behind rules and laws. In the two \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93post-conventional\u8221\'94 stages, adolescents still value honesty and respect rules and laws, but now they sometimes justify dishonesty or law-breaking in pursuit of still higher goods, particularly justice. Kohlberg painted an inspiring rationalist image of children as \u8220\'93moral philosophers\u8221\'94 trying to work out coherent ethical systems for themselves.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c01-nts010"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 0}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~In the post-conventional stages, they finally get good at it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It turns out that witchcraft beliefs arise in surprisingly similar forms in many parts of the world, which suggests either that there really are witches\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 o}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 r (more likely) that there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s something about human minds that often generates this cultural institution. The Azande believed that witches were just as likely to be men as women, and the fear of being called a witch made the Azande careful not to make their neighbors angry or envious. That was my first hint that groups create supernatural beings not to explain the universe but to order their societies}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I read a book about the Ilongot, a tribe in the Philippines whose young men gained honor by cutting off people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heads.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c01-nts019"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 9}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Some of these beheadings were revenge killings, which offered Western readers a motive they could understand. But many of these murders were committed against strangers who were not involved in any kind of feud with the killer. The author explained these most puzzling\~killings as ways that small groups of men channeled resentments and frictions within the group into a group-strengthening \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hunting party,\u8221\'94 capped off by a long night of communal celebratory singing. This was my first hint that morality often involves tension\~within\~the group linked to competition\~between\~different groups.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~I began to see the United States and Western Europe as extraordinary historical exceptions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 new societies that had found a way to strip down and thin out the thick, all-encompassing moral orders that the anthropologists wrote about.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 on how unusual Westerners are in thinking about people as discrete individuals:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Western conception of the person as a bounded, unique, more or less integrated motivational and cognitive universe, a dynamic center of awareness, emotion, judgment, and action organized into a distinctive whole and set contrastively both against other such wholes and against its social and natural background, is, however incorrigible it may seem to us, a rather peculiar idea within the context of the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cultures}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shweder offered a simple idea to explain why the self differs so much across cultures: all societies must resolve a small set of questions about how to order society, the most important being how to balance the needs of individuals and groups. There seem to be just two primary ways of answering this question. Most societies have chosen the\~sociocentricanswer, placing the needs of groups and institutions first, and subordinating the needs of individuals. In contrast, theindividualistic\~answer places individuals at the center and makes society a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ervant of the individual.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c01-nts026"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 6}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~The sociocentric answer dominated most of the ancient world, but the individualistic answer became a powerful rival during the Enlightenment. The individualistic answer largely vanquished the sociocentric approach in the twentieth century as individual rights expanded rapidly, consumer culture spread, and the Western world reacted with horror to the evils perpetrated by the ultrasociocentric fascist and communist empires. (European nations with strong social safety nets are not sociocentric on this definition. They just do a very good job of protecting\~individuals\~from the vicissitudes of life.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shweder thought that the theories of Kohlberg and Turiel were produced by and for people from individualistic cultures. He doubted that those theories would apply in Orissa, where morality was sociocentric, selves were interdependent, and no bright line separated moral rules (preventing harm) from social conventions (regulating behaviors not linked directly to harm).\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The difference between individualistic cultures and sociocentric is how clear the line between moral rules (preventing harm) and social conventions (regulating behavior not related to harm). In individualistic cultures, these rules are clear, in social cultures they are not. \~To test his ideas, he and two collaborators came up with thirty-nine very short stories in which someone does something that would violate a rule either in the United States or in Orissa. The researchers then interviewed 180 children (ranging in age from five to thirteen) and 60 adults who lived in Hyde Park (the neighborhood surrounding the University of Chicago) about these stories. They also interviewed a matched sample of Brahmin children and adults in the town of\~Bhubaneswar (an ancient pilgrimage site in Orissa),}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c01-nts027"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 7}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and 120 people from low (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93untouchable\u8221\'94) castes. Altogether it was an enormous undertaking\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 six hundred long interviews in two very different cities\u8230\'85.\~Indian practices related to food, sex, clothing, and gender relations were almost always judged to be moral issues, not social conventions, and there were few differences between the adults and children within each city. In other words, Shweder found almost no trace of social conventional thinking in the sociocentric culture of Orissa, where, as he put it, \u8220\'93the social order is a moral order.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Actions that Indians and Americans agreed were wrong:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  While walking, a man saw a dog sleeping on the road. He walked up to it and kicked it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  A father said to his son, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you do well on the exam, I will buy you a pen.\u8221\'94 The son did well on the exam, but the father did not give him anything.\line \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Actions that Americans said were wrong but Indians said were acceptable:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  A young married woman went alone to see a movie without informing her husband. When she returned home her husband said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you do it again, I will beat you black and blue.\u8221\'94 She did it again; he beat her black and blue. (Judge the husband.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  A man had a married son and a married daughter. After his death his son claimed most of the property. His daughter got little. (Judge the son.)\line \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Actions that Indians said were wrong but Americans said were acceptable:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  In a family, a twenty-five-year-old son addresses his father by his first name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  A woman cooked rice and wanted to eat with her husband and his elder brother. Then she ate with them. (Judge the woman.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  A widow in your community eats fish two or three times a week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \bullet  After defecation a woman did not change her clothes before cooking.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shweder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s study was a major attack on the whole rationalist approach, and Turiel didn\u8217\'92t take it lying down. He wrote a long rebuttal essay pointing out that many of Shweder\u8217\'92s thirty-nine stories were trick questions: they had very different meanings in India and America.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c01-nts028"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 8}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~For example, Hindus in Orissa believe that fish is a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hot\u8221\'94 food that will stimulate a person\u8217\'92s sexual appetite. If a widow eats hot foods, she is more likely to have sex with someone, which would offend the spirit of her dead husband and prevent her from reincarnating at a higher level. Turiel argued that once you take into account Indian \u8220\'93informational assumptions\u8221\'94 about the way the world works, you see that most of Shweder\u8217\'92s thirty-nine stories really\~were\~moral violations, harming victims in ways that Americans could not see. So Shweder\u8217\'92s study didn\u8217\'92t contradict Turiel\u8217\'92s claims; it might even support them, if we could find out for sure whether Shweder\u8217\'92s Indian subjects saw harm in the stories.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you want to give people a quick flash of revulsion but deprive them of any victim they can use to justify moral condemnation, ask them about people who do disgusting or disrespectful things, but make sure the actions are done in private so that nobody else is offended. For example, one of my disrespect stories was: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A woman is cleaning out her closet, and she finds her old American flag. She doesn\u8217\'92t want the flag anymore, so she cuts it up into pieces and uses the rags to clean her bathroom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The upper-class Brazilians looked just like the Americans on these stories. But the working-class Brazilian kids usually thought that it was wrong, and universally wrong, to break the social convention and not wear the uniform. In Recife in particular, the working-class kids judged the uniform rebel in exactly the same way they judged the swing-pusher. This pattern supported Shweder: the size of the moral-conventional distinction varied across cultural groups.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In other words, Shweder won the debate. I had replicated Turiel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s findings using Turiel\u8217\'92s methods on people like me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 educated Westerners raised in an individualistic culture\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but had confirmed Shweder\u8217\'92s claim that Turiel\u8217\'92s theory didn\u8217\'92t travel well. The moral domain varied across nations and social classes. For most of the people in my study, the moral domain extended well beyond issues of harm and fairness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~There must be other sources of moral knowledge, including cultural learning (as Shweder argued), or innate moral intuitions about disgust and disrespect (as I\~began to argue years later).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I conducted many of the Philadelphia interviews myself, and it was obvious that most of these supposed harms were post hoc fabrications. People usually condemned the actions very quickly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to need much time to decide what they thought. But it often took them a while to come up with a victim, and they usually offered those victims up halfheartedly and almost apologetically. As one subject said, \u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t know, maybe the woman will feel guilty afterward about throwing out her flag?\u8221\'94 Many of these victim claims were downright preposterous, such as the child who justified his condemnation of the flag shredder by saying that the rags might clog up the toilet and cause it to overflow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yet even when subjects recognized that their victim claims were bogus, they still refused to say that the act was OK. Instead, they kept searching for another victim. wrong, but I just can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think of a reason why.\u8221\'94 They seemed to be\~morally dumbfounded\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rendered speechless by their inability to explain verbally what they knew intuitively.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c01-nts029"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 9}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 philosopher David Hume, who wrote in 1739 that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moral domain varies by culture. It is unusually narrow in Western, educated, and individualistic cultures. Sociocentric cultures broaden the moral domain to encompass and regulate more aspects of life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People sometimes have gut feelings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 particularly about disgust and disrespect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that can drive their reasoning. Moral reasoning is sometimes a post hoc fabrication.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Morality can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be entirely self-constructed by children based on their growing understanding of harm. Cultural learning or guidance must play a larger role than rationalist theories had given it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To be human is to feel pulled in different directions, and to marvel\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sometimes in horror\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at your inability to control your own actions. The Roman poet Ovid lived at a time when people thought diseases were caused by imbalances of bile, but he knew enough psychology to have one of his characters lament: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am dragged along by a strange new force. Desire and reason are pulling in different directions. I see the right way and approve it, but follow the wrong.\u8221\'94}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c02-nts002"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 2}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 leasures, emotions, senses\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\~all were necessary evils. To give the divine head a bit of distance from the seething body and its \u8220\'93foolish counsel,\u8221\'94 the gods invented the neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the ultimate rationalist fantasy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the passions are and ought only to be the servants of reason, to reverse Hume\u8217\'92s formulation. And just in case there was any doubt about Plato\u8217\'92s contempt for the passions, Timaeus adds that a man who masters his emotions will live a life of reason and justice, and will be reborn into a celestial heaven of eternal happiness. A man who is mastered by his passions, however, will be reincarnated as a woman.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll refer to this worshipful attitude throughout this book as the\~rationalist delusion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was Hume\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s project, with his philosophically sacrilegious claim that reason was nothing but the servant of the passions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When nature assigned us the same habitation, she gave us over it a divided empire. To you she allotted the field of science; to me that of morals. When the circle is to be squared, or the orbit of a comet to be traced; when the arch of greatest strength, or the solid of least resistance is to be investigated, take up the problem; it is yours; nature has given me no cognizance of it. In like manner, in denying to you the feelings of sympathy, of benevolence, of gratitude, of justice, of love, of friendship, she has excluded you from their control. To these she has adapted the mechanism of the heart. Morals were too essential to the happiness of man to be risked on the incertain combinations of the head. She laid their foundation therefore in sentiment, not in science.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c02-nts008"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 8}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plato said that reason\~ought\~to be the master, even if philosophers are the only ones who can reach a high level of mastery.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c02-nts009"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 9}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Hume said that reason is and ought to be the servant of the passions. And Jefferson gives us a third option, in which reason and sentiment are (and ought to be) independent co-rulers, like the emperors of Rome, who divided the empire into eastern and western halves.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nowhere was the betrayal of science more evident than in the attacks on Edward O. Wilson, a lifelong student of ants and ecosystems. In 1975 Wilson published\~Sociobiology: The New Synthesis. The book explored how natural selection, which indisputably shaped animal bodies, also shaped animal behavior. That wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t controversial,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 b}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ut Wilson had the audacity to suggest in his final chapter that natural selection also influenced\~human\~behavior. Wilson believed that there is\~uch a thing as human nature, and that human nature constrains the range of what we can achieve when raising our children or designing new social institutions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wilson sided with Hume. He charged that what moral philosophers were really doing was fabricating justifications after \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93consulting the emotive centers\u8221\'94 of their own brains.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c02-nts016"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 6}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He predicted that the study of ethics would soon be taken out of the hands of philosophers and \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93biologicized,\u8221\'94 or made to fit with the emerging science of human nature. Such a linkage of philosophy, biology, and evolution would be an example of the \u8220\'93new synthesis\u8221\'94 that Wilson dreamed of, and that he later referred to as\~consilience\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the \u8220\'93jumping together\u8221\'94 of ideas to create a unified body of knowledge}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prophets challenge the status quo, often earning the hatred of those in power. Wilson therefore deserves to be called a prophet of moral psychology. He was harassed and excoriated in print and in public.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c02-nts018"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 8}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~He was called a fascist, which justified (for some) the charge that he was a racist, which justified (for some) the attempt to stop him from speaking in public. Protesters who tried to disrupt one of his scientific talks\~rushed the stage and chanted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Racist Wilson, you can\u8217\'92t hide, we charge you with genocide.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I also read\~Descartes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 Error, by the neuroscientist Antonio Damasio.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c02-nts022"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 2}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Damasio had noticed an unusual pattern of symptoms in patients who had suffered brain damage to a specific part of the brain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the ventromedial (i.e., bottom-middle) prefrontal cortex (abbreviated vmPFC; it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the region just behind and above the bridge of the nose). Their emotionality dropped nearly to zero. They could look at the most joyous or gruesome photographs and feel nothing. They retained full knowledge of what was right and wrong, and they showed no deficits in IQ. They even scored well on Kohlberg\u8217\'92s tests of moral reasoning. Yet when it came to\~making decisions in their personal lives and at work, they made foolish decisions or no decisions at all. They alienated their families and their employers, and their lives fell apart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Damasio\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interpretation was that gut feelings and bodily reactions were\~necessary\~to think rationally, and that one job of the vmPFC was to integrate those gut feelings into a person\u8217\'92s conscious deliberations. When you weigh the advantages and disadvantages of murdering your parents\~\u8230\'85\~you can\u8217\'92t even do it, because feelings of horror come rushing in through the vmPFC.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Damasio\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s patients could think about anything, with no filtering or coloring from their emotions. With the vmPFC shut down, every option at every moment felt as good as every other. The only way to make a decision was to examine each option, weighing the pros and cons using conscious, verbal reasoning. If you\u8217\'92ve ever shopped for an appliance about which you have few feelings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 say, a washing machine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you know how hard it can be once the number of options exceeds six or seven (which is the capacity of our short-term memory). Just imagine what your life would be like if at every moment, in every social situation, picking the right thing to do or say became like picking the best washing machine among ten options, minute after minute, day after day. You\u8217\'92d make foolish decisions too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yet the result of the separation was not the liberation of reason from the thrall of the passions. It was the shocking revelation that reasoning\~requires\~the passions.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yet the result of the separation was not the liberation of reason from the thrall of the passions. It was the shocking revelation that reasoning\~requires\~the passions.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We do moral reasoning not to reconstruct the actual reasons why\~we ourselves\~came to a judgment; we reason to find the best possible reasons why\~somebody else ought to join us\~in our judgment.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c02-nts036"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 3}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 6}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Margolis helped me ditch the emotion-cognition contrast.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His work helped me see that\~moral judgment is a cognitive process, as are all forms of judgment. The crucial distinction is really between\~two different kinds of cognition:\~intuition and reasoning. Moral emotions are one type of moral intuition, but most moral intuitions are more subtle; they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t rise to the level of emotions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - shows how devoid of concreteness these psychologists are. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Intuition\u8217\'92 is no different than \u8216\'91chakra\u8217\'92 - just words and symbols one grasps at to try to organize the inner world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Intuitionis the best word to describe the dozens or hundreds of rapid, effortless moral judgments and decisions that we all make every day. Only a few of these intuitions come to us embedded in full-blown emotions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Rather, the rider (language-based reasoning) evolved because it did something useful for the elephant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rider can do several useful things. It can see further into the future (because we can examine alternative scenarios in our heads) and therefore it can help the elephant make better decisions in the present. It can learn new skills and master new technologies, which can be deployed to help the elephant reach its goals and sidestep disasters. And, most important, the rider acts as the spokesman for the elephant, even though it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t necessarily know what the elephant is really thinking. The rider is skilled at fabricating post hoc explanations for whatever the elephant has just done, and it is good at finding reasons to justify whatever the elephant wants to do next. Once human beings developed language and began to use it to gossip about each other, it became extremely valuable for elephants to carry around on their backs a full-time public relations firm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I also wanted to capture the\~social\~nature of moral judgment. Moral talk serves a variety of strategic purposes such as managing your reputation, building alliances, and recruiting bystanders to support your side in the disputes that are so common in daily life. I wanted to go beyond the first judgments people make when they hear some juicy gossip or witness some surprising event. I wanted my model to capture the give-and-take, the round after round of discussion and argumentation that sometimes leads people to change their minds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But intuitions (including emotional responses) are a kind of cognition. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re just not a kind of reasoning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hume diagnosed the problem long ago:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And as reasoning is not the source, whence either disputant derives his tenets; it is in vain to expect, that any logic, which speaks not to the affections, will ever engage him to embrace sounder principles.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/Text/Haid_9780307907035_epub_nts_r1.htm#c02-nts049"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 4}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 9}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Intuition -> reasoning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Identity -> intellect}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ^^^ The expereince of reading this psychologist is no different than reading that guru - lineage of gurus and the surrounding debate on the internal nature of self. Made up words to put edges between things. Etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super The problem with psychology - the tool they use to perform investigations is language - how can you do science when you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even understand the tool you\u8217\'92re using.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super Oxide}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super opine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super Scion -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super I and the o}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super  - guessed olive previously - a sense of skill}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super THe world illusion - the illusion of success}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super Had rationality - look how smart I am - here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s my reasoning. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super 1,610 possible words.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1  Similarly, shouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t scientific answers about \u8216\'91how\u8217\'92 hint towards the mind behind the \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92? I say mind, because asking \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92 is asking about purpose, and purpose necessarily implies intention, and therefore mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab Take for example:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why was the world created?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because God wanted a place for humans to live, so that he could have a relationship with them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How was the world created?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The formation of the Solar System began about 4.6 billion years ago with the gravitational collapse of a small part of a giant molecular cloud. Most of the collapsing mass collected in the center, forming the Sun, while the rest flattened into a protoplanetary disk out of which the planets, moons, asteroids, and other small Solar System bodies formed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Where is the connection between these two answers? How does the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how\u8217\'92 relate to the \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92? Where is the reference to intent in the how?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems possible to reconcile these two answers into a coherent system of belief. For example, one could argue that we simply haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t gone back far But this has a \u8216\'91turtles all the way down\u8217\'92 problem if the answer to \u8216\'91how did the child become rebellious\u8217\'92 has a similarly dry and materialistic \u8216\'91no-fault-of-his-own\u8217\'92 scientific, explanation, not unlike the degraded myelin sheaths from lead poisoning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suffice to say, every religion that I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever looked at has problems with the religious \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92 encroaching science\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91how\u8217\'92. If the two answers aren\u8217\'92t in outright opposition, then often they are, at least, completely divorced from each-other; they are in thematic conflict if not in logical conflict. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example, consider the church\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old issue with the geocentric model - the catholic answer to \u8220\'93Why did god create the universe?\u8221\'94 is essentially, \u8220\'93To create human beings\u8221\'94. Human beings are central to their story of the universe. But the \u8216\'91how\u8217\'92 of science shows that humans are not central to the universe at all. Our solar system isn\u8217\'92t even central, nor our galaxy. Thematically, it would seem, amongst creation human beings are insignificant. One errant asteroid and all human endeavor would be gone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, it is certainly possible to reconcile the apparent insignificance of humanity offered by science and the Christian view of the centrality of man. And while Christians in the comments may be eager to brush this point away as a triviality, to do so would be a shame because it is undeniable that in this instance, for so many people, science\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conclusions have ruined the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 force}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of the Christian answer to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91why did god create the universe\u8217\'92.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deny this conflict between science and religion at your own peril.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab One answer to the first question, provided by religion, might go something like this:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The scientific answer the question of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how\u8217\'92 is:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why am I angry all the time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are angry because you live in rebellion to God\u8217\'92s laws.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab This answer loses a significant amount of its persuasiveness if the answer to the second question (how), provided by science, is completely divorced to any notion of free will and obedience/disobedience:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did I become angry all the time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You became angry because when you were a child you were exposed to too much lead. Lead exposure degraded the myelin sheaths which protected your neurons, and so they are not able to properly regulate your brain\u8217\'92s neurochemistry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It seems possible to reconcile these two answers into a coherent system of belief. For example, one could say that the lead poisoning and the consequent lifetime of irritability was a result of the fact that, as a child, the person in question lived in rebellion towards God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laws. But this has a \u8216\'91turtles all the way down\u8217\'92 problem if the answer to \u8216\'91how did the child become rebellious\u8217\'92 has a similarly dry and materialistic \u8216\'91no-fault-of-his-own\u8217\'92 scientific, explanation, not unlike the degraded myelin sheaths from lead poisoning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Suffice to say, every religion that I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever looked at has problems with the religious \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92 encroaching science\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91how\u8217\'92. If the two answers aren\u8217\'92t in outright opposition, then often they are, at least, completely divorced from each-other; they are in thematic conflict if not in logical conflict. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For example, consider the church\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old issue with the geocentric model - the catholic answer to \u8220\'93Why did god create the universe?\u8221\'94 is essentially, \u8220\'93To create human beings\u8221\'94. Human beings are central to their story of the universe. But the \u8216\'91how\u8217\'92 of science shows that humans are not central to the universe at all. Our solar system isn\u8217\'92t even central, nor our galaxy. Thematically, it would seem, amongst creation human beings are insignificant. One errant asteroid and all human endeavor would be gone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, it is certainly possible to reconcile the apparent insignificance of humanity offered by science and the Christian view of the centrality of man. And while Christians in the comments may be eager to brush this point away as a triviality, to do so would be a shame because it is undeniable that in this instance, for so many people, science\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conclusions have ruined the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 force}{\f0\fs24\b0  of the Christian answer to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91why did god create the universe\u8217\'92.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Deny this conflict between science and religion at your own peril.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0}