{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One religion is True and the rest are False. This categorization satisfies most people, but not everyone. Some people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s organizational instincts aren\u8217\'92t content with this simple dichotomy and so they further divide the world\u8217\'92s religions through rigorous analysis of the similarities and differences of belief and behavior. When the common threads of identity are identified, and the heredity of belief is charted, one\u8217\'92s own religion usually remains in a category all it\u8217\'92s own, above the rest, because there is always that one big important thing that separates it from the pretenders and makes it True. It certainly feels like a proof to be able to say, 'every other religion in the world believes something-other, and we're the only one that believes this-certain-something, and that\u8217\'92s why we are right.'}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solitants come specially prepared for battle in this arena. When they proselytize to the fractured, they open with the observation that every single religion in existence begins with a story that explains the origin of suffering. The Supine Cult believes that there are two gods, one good, one bad, and all suffering comes from the latter. The Bavainu believe that suffering is a result of one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own evil acts, or one\u8217\'92s ancestors. The Shell Kings believe that suffering is a symptom of Shellkhashar, which is a kind of spiritual disease which dulls virtuous instinct. There are a hundred more religions, with a hundred variations each, and in every instance, the story suffering\u8217\'92s arrival is accompanied by a solution for it. The Supine Cult tell their followers to lay down and pray their energy into the sky to make it stronger, for that is where the righteousness dwells. The Bavainu say that if you live rightly and follow their ancient laws, your life will be a happy one. The Shell Kings recommend drinking the blood of a willing virgin mixed in with a mind melting toxin found in a sea slug\u8217\'92s shell. Every religion has it\u8217\'92s own solution to suffering, they\u8217\'92re all in that category, every one of them is peddling relief, all of them except for the Solitants.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Solitants offer no solution to life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s troubles. "We\u8217\'92re the only ones who believe that suffering is not something to fear," a Solitant priest will say. "Indeed, suffering is what this is all about!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He or she then smiles underneath a mask of self-inflicted scars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the rare event that a Solitant priest happens upon a pagan ear, they will go on to argue that the notion of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Life without suffering\u8217\'92 is a rather profound category error. "Life }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  suffering", they say. "Try to suffer without suffering." They laugh at the absurdity. Truly, the Divine Spark is like a block of sculptor's stone. It is clean, abstract, inert, featureless\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and then comes the sculptor's chisel. As the chisel carves away at the stone to find the statue, so too does pain carve away at the Spark to find the person. What troubles our fleshy vessels is what makes us who we are. Solitants are so convinced of this that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve invented an entire language dedicated to capturing and expressing the subtleties and varieties of pain so that they could systematize the act of becoming a certain kind of person through its proper application. They are artists of the Self and their chisel is pain. Solraheen guides the hammer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This invented language was necessary because typical Common has only the one word: pain. If a person says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am in pain,\u8221\'94 there\u8217\'92s no way to know, precisely, what they mean. Did this person stub their toe, or did a loved one just die? Have their bowels been blocked for days? The word \u8216\'91pain\u8217\'92 can be accompanied by all manner of adjectives and intensifiers, but the fact remains that states of being which are not at all alike are using the same word. Even Old Jandri has separate monosyllables for physical, and then mental, pain. The words \u8216\'91anguish\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91ache\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91soreness\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91irritation\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91misery\u8217\'92 all approach different things, but they\u8217\'92re not nearly enough to cover the spectrum. Intrepid Solitant linguists go as far as to claim that the very structure of the Common language stunts the growth of pain appreciation, because a mind can\u8217\'92t develop a sensitivity to certain colors if it divides the world into subject, verb, and object. When the Self is disassociated from the action and the cause, grand vistas of experience become impossible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen thought it was all ridiculous. In his view, pain was best expressed through the natural language of gesture, as Solraheen intended. In breadth of expression, the face is far, far superior to the Solitant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rule-governed, rasping utterances. Of what use is a fuzzy word when you can see the pain written on the face clear as day? Observe the eye and brow of a man in pain. Is there langour, lethargy, an imploring look for help? Impatience, anxiety? Is the skin knit tight, is it smooth, is it beaded with sweat? Is the eye\u8217\'92s lid puffy or hollow? Are the cheeks wet or dry, dark or pale, sallowing brown, or purple, or yellow? Then there\u8217\'92s the body. All the little tremors of the body eventually work themselves up into the face. The lower back knots up, the shoulders spasm, the neck curls, and finally the lips draw tight and the teeth gnash in havoc. A trained eye can look at another in pain and know, without words, the entirety of their inner world. The holy language of the Solitants is redundant, and no argument could convince Mandri otherwise. He knew what he knew, and that included what everyone else knew, and much more besides. He couldn\u8217\'92t be wrong. Unfortunately, he\u8217\'92d never been bitten by a demon before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The pain from the demon bite in his thigh was so severe that slightest pressure elicited a scream. The skin around the already black wound was taut and throbbing, a drumhead reverberating pain. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t walk, so Moto had to carry him. Mandri had no choice in the matter. Moto tossed Mandrameen atop his pack, and with each step that Moto took, Mandri\u8217\'92s raw wound chafed against his shoulder, sending a fresh wave of excruciating pain into Mandri\u8217\'92s groin and hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Mandri had the right word in the right language then he might have been able to communicate to Moto seriousness of what was happening. Instead, Mandri could only avail himself of all the usual, ineffective, figures of speech.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Goddamnit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God damns most things. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It hurts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s killing me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re all dying anyways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto trotted along the wide-open Sand, every now and then expressing his unconcern with an annoyed sigh. Since Mandri lacked the word to adequately describe the nature of his pain, he was forced to make one up. After a particularly brutal fit, he stiffened up and screamed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93EeeauuughhhGoddamnyousonofahurlingsow!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93You did this to yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You shit!\u8221\'94 screamed Mandri. \u8220\'93You-uueeauughhhhh!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You-uueeauughhhhh was no exaggeration. It was actually quite close to a word in the Solitant language, pronounced \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91yoogah\u8217\'92, and if Moto had had the ear for it he would have stopped and immediately administered the most tender care. Instead, he kept on walking, and Mandri fainted from the torture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri woke up several hands later to a clear night sky of starry black. Chattering voices swirled around in his barely conscious mind. He assumed that one of those voices was Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. Maybe one of them was his. The only thing he knew for certain was that he was still bouncing atop Moto\u8217\'92s shoulders, still marching through the Sand. His leg was numb, and he could feel the demon\u8217\'92s poison gnawing at his chest, constricting his heart and lungs. Every breath was a labor. He fainted again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He woke up the next day when Moto leaned back and dropped Mandri from a height like a camel dropping dung. Mandri landed hard on his wounded thigh and the shock jerked him alert. He let loose a gargled curse, rolled around a little, clenching his teeth against the pain, trying to find some twist of hip and spine that could give him some relief. The most comfortable position, he found, was to lay all the way back and shift most of his weight onto his right ass cheek. That took the pressure off the bundle of nerves that were exploding in his left thigh. It was enough, at least, to give his reeling mind the space to understand he was still alive and that feeling had returned to his extremities, and that he could breathe somewhat freely. He was not dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through the demon-clawed hole in his robe he could see that his affected thigh had been poulticed and bandaged, though it was poorly done, as the brown woolen wraps were ragged and splitting apart. A few sturdy threads were all that was holding the spongy dried-green poultice together. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After another few fingers of hard wincing, Mandri recovered his wits. He saw that the reason Moto dropped him was because they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d arrived at some accursed destination: an enormous black rock sitting in the middle of a flat and barren landscape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was astonished by the sight of it. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just any big rock, it was a single, uncrumbled, uncracked, rock, like if he picked up a palm-sized rock off the ground and then scaled that up to the size of Hrkan mansion, that\u8217\'92s what it was. Rocks that big in the Sand tend to look like old, slumping things that have been half-melted by the sun, but this rock, this biggest of all boulders, it was a healthy, oblong rock. And more astonishing was that it balanced above the Sand on its belly. So unnatural and precarious was its position, that it seemed a strong blast of wind should be able to pick the whole thing up and send it tumbling along the desert floor. Mandri felt like even he could move it, that if he stood next to it and gave a hearty push, he could get it rolling. And sitting as it was in an empty desert landscape, with no other rocky eminence in sight, well, that made it seem like the rock had been deliberately placed there by the hand of Solraheen. Surely, it was a holy site.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stepped over to a big pile of the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haulings. Evidently everyone else had simply tossed their stuff together before heading off to who knows where. Mandri looked for a pit, but there was none that he could see. There were only two other Ayramun present, dour looking men, milling about the pack heap. Moto unstrapped his own pack and tossed on top of the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He asked the two millers, in an accusing tone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you two doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been looking for you,\u8221\'94 said one of them, a Zosan whose only distinguishing feature was a polished brass hoop wrapped tight around his neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks to me like you been tickling dick,\u8221\'94 Moto replied. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We got told to look for you, and here we are, lookin right at you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto nodded towards Mandri and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well now you can look at him. Make sure he doesn\u8217\'92t go and do something stupid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about we take you to Ayram, as we been ordered to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shrugged and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lead on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The three men walked off towards the giant black rock, walked around it, and then disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so concerned about where they went to because he was busy nursing that release of tension that had been building up all throughout his body. He well and truly hated Moto, and was happy to see him gone. He tried to recall the words to an Old Jandri curse that could kill a callous man, but pain is a powerful amnestic. He then set about preparing the ground around him so that he could more comfortably wallow in self-pity. Eventually, he shimmied nearer the pile of packs that he could lean against it and watch that enigmatic rock, and as soon as he did, something groaned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sound came from the other side of the pile, where the two men had been standing. Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t walk so he crawled, and he crawled right up onto the pile of packs because a straight line is the shortest. Thankfully, this pile was a remarkably comfortable assortment of squishy bags, and once on top of this heap he spied the thing that made the noise\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a lump of dark and dusty rags laying in the sand a few feet away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri dragged himself closer to get a better look at it. He was careful not to disrupt the tenuous peace he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d negotiated between himself and the wound in his thigh. As soon as the pain flared up he stopped moving altogether. He nestled his elbow into a bag of grain, and let his hip sink gently into an inside-out goat bladder stuffed with jerky, and now that he was comfortably recumbent he was free to annoy that pile of black rags just below him. They were Mazyd Obo\u8217\'92s rags, and the lump they covered was the right size for a handless, legless, Mazyd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri felt around underneath him for something to poke Obo with. His searching fingers settled on an empty waterskin. He threw it at Obo, and the limp waterskin flapped harmlessly off the shrouded, lifeless lump, then dropped with a slap into the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re there,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He waited, but no response came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri dug around in the pile for something else to throw. He was so tickled by all the little outland trinkets, stone beads, thumbstick idols of Solraheen, that he almost didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t register the dull, snapping crack of bone as Obo\u8217\'92s black rags twitched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You okay?\u8221\'94 he asked the rags, but again, there was no answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Out of the pile, Mandri pulled a tight ball of twine. He tossed it underhand, and when it landed on that pile of rags they sighed. A moment later, and another crack of bone sounded out and the rags twitched again, this time loosing a strap of robe to reveal a pale shoulder. Mandri watched, half in terror, half in curiosity as Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pale and hairless head emerged from that mass of tattered robes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robes fell away to reveal a scrawny, bruised, and broken body. Mandri had seen some pitiful sights, but watching this pale Mazyd use his blood-nub of an arm to find and fix a dislocated rib was something else entirely. And judging by the sorry state of Obo\u8217\'92s ragged robes, and the bloody abrasions splotching his rawbone shoulders, he hadn\u8217\'92t been carried through the desert like Mandri, he\u8217\'92d been dragged along it\u8217\'92s floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite all the abuse, Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood was ordinary. He sat up and stretched his blood-nub arms and his blood-stump legs as if he were a cat waking up from a nap. He twisted around to draw out the kinks in his spine, and as he did, Mandri noticed a thin scar running all the way up the middle of his back. It was a seam, as if Obo\u8217\'92s skin were somehow sewn onto his flesh, and this seam split at the base of his skull and circled around his ears. Obo\u8217\'92s stretch suddenly popped every single one of his vertebrae in rapid succession, causing Mandri\u8217\'92s own spine to stiffen up in sympathetic fright, a sudden jerk that unleashed a fresh wave of torture radiating out of his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He yelped. Obo smiled like a leerbat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you smiling at?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m happy to have some company.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo took up his robes in his mouth and scooted himself closer to the pile of the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s packs, and as he leaned himself up against them, he caught Mandri staring at his drawn-and-quartered body, so he spat out his robe and covered himself up as if it were a blanket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should save that concern for yourself. If I smell what I smell, you are rushing up on corpsehood quite quickly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked down at his poorly poulticed leg and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I made it through the worst of it. Last night I could hardly breathe, but now I can breathe just fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t believe me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I might.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Relive the experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was bit by a demon\u8230\'85A demon bit my leg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said you wouldn\u8217\'92t believe me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We Mazydai are skeptical creatures. I\u8217\'92ve investigated demon sightings before, and everyone was found out to be some unfamiliar species of lizard\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if it was found at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What bit me looked nothing like a lizard. I\u8217\'92m telling you, it was a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The last time you saw a demon, it was me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you are a demon\u8230\'85of sorts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo rolled his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At some point, Mandri, words have to have specific meanings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw what I saw.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t deny that. I am simply appreciating the distinction between what you saw, and your interpretation of what you saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri winced hard as a the pain in his leg reared and seared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should let me look at the wound,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I may be able to do something for the pain. I won\u8217\'92t know for sure unless I see it first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri paused to consider what it was that Obo was planning to do to him. Despite Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s calm and generally amicable demeanor, there was no getting past the fact that Obo looked like a creature who wriggled around in caves. Obo\u8217\'92s ugly paleness was upsetting enough, but the absence of eyebrows, those signposts to the Spark, made it impossible to ascertain the intentions hidden behind his shine-silver eyes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the pain in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg was stupid, and Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t think of many things worse than something stupid that refuses to go away, so he huffed and puffed and rolled himself down to where Obo sat. Once he\u8217\'92d gotten himself as comfortable as he could be, he rolled up the hem of his robe, and that\u8217\'92s when fear struck him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Above his knee, all the many veins in his thigh ran black as ink, and nearer to the loose brownwool poultice, those black veins were bulging above his pallid skin like nightworms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He gingerly unwrapped the long strip of wool that held the poultice in place. The various leaves and lichens that composed the meat of the poultice were moist and spongy, and he was able to flick most of it into his open palm easily enough, but the rest he had to pluck, for the pulped leaf stems closer to the flesh were caked in a gooey dark-brown emulsion of infected blood and poultice paste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try to clean it up,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri kept picking until all that was left was the terrifying sight of a day-old demon bite. The edges of this fang-scalloped wound were festering and black, and this jagged ring of necrotic flesh enclosed a puddle of that brown emulsion, which had, in parts, been scraped away to reveal the red-raw muscle of his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opening the wound to the air invigorated it. Though the pain was extreme, it still looked worse than it felt. What really got Mandri worried how his inky black veins spidered up his thigh and in towards his crotch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s see the full extent of it\u8221\'94, Obo said as he leaned over the affected area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I don\u8217\'92t want to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How does your chest feel?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up and do what you\u8217\'92re gonna do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo studied the wound with an impassive but gaze, eye darting from detail to detail, as if he were an dealer appraising an old vase and the particular texture and color of a scab could help him determine authenticity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually Obo pulled back and said flatly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t do anything for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is the strangest bite wound I\u8217\'92ve ever seen. I\u8217\'92m half inclined to believe your story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said you could help with the pain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tell me you lied.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Mazyd never lies. We may dissemble, but we don\u8217\'92t lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You lied\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. He slapped the weedy poultice back onto his wound, and he did his best to re-roll that ragged strip of wool around it. When he was done, he leaned back against the mound of packs and tried to decide if Obo were worth the trouble of talking to. On the one hand, talking was a chore because Mandri\u8217\'92s throat was dry, and on the other hand, there were things Mandri wanted to know, and Obo seemed like he knew almost anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know what this place is?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, nodding towards the giant black rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I overheard an Ayramun call it Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wonder why it\u8217\'92s called that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The name suggests it\u8217\'92s a place for these bandits to mint counterfeit coins away from the prying eyes. But I\u8217\'92ve seen such places before and this one is different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For one, most illegal mints are hidden in whatever ugly bunch happen to near a spring. This rock, however, possess a numinous beauty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It does, doesn\u8217\'92t it? As if it alighted from the heavens. Only a god could balance such a beast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The black stone sat there like a monument to . The only way Mandri could have been more impressed was if it were made of Fabled Black. As it was, it was only a dark granite.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would say it\u8217\'92s a holy site, but these Ayramun are too crude for it. Especially Moto. The man is an ass. The man is a donkey wearing human skin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My admittedly limited impression of the man was the he was one of the smarter ones. Is there anything to eat in this pile of rubbish?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You eat?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I eat for enjoyment, it\u8217\'92s not necessary to maintain my health. I think you\u8217\'92re laying on a bag of spiced jerk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri hands jerk over and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, Moto\u8217\'92s not smart. He can speak well enough, but that doesn\u8217\'92t mean anything. He\u8217\'92s as dumb as the rest of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not so bad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh I disagree. The signs of stupidity are all around us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wanton cruelty is one of the surest sign of stupidity. Look at what they\u8217\'92ve done to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 said Obo, wiggling his stumps under his rags. \u8220\'93I think that Ayram was right to do what he did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He chopped off your legs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m thankful he showed such restraint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri choked on his own jerky. Coughed it up he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll never be able to walk again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should I be angry about that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! You should! I\u8217\'92m angry }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 for}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anger is redundant. Yes, it\u8217\'92s useful in a flash, but like pain, holding on to it is pointless and often times self-destructive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You only think that, because you were made to think that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I tell you what, I\u8217\'92ll hate the Ayramun for the both of us. They deserve it for what they\u8217\'92ve done to you, what they\u8217\'92ve done to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought a demon did that to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that ass Moto didn\u8217\'92t tie me up and throw me into it a lizard pit, I never would have gotten bit. Believe me, these people are half-demon themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They seem nice enough to me. You have to take into account what passes for people in these parts. I should say, you\u8217\'92re lucky to have fallen in with these variants. They\u8217\'92re only cruel because the Sand is cruel. If you\u8217\'92d been caught up by Kalemites, you\u8217\'92d have been eaten, and the one to consume your stomach would today be wearing your sacrum strapped to his forehead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would have preferred that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 said Obo, chuckling. Settiling in like a child in story time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not joking,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93When I was dead, it was\u8230\'85it was great. I prefer being dead to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri expressed his frustration by choking his thigh like it was a throat of a child who wouldn\u8217\'92t stop asking why.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The pain will pass,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93One way or another.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not just the pain. A thing to know about me, Obo: I hate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and I use that word with all possible venom\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I hate people, and these Ayramun, they\u8217\'92re full-bodied }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 people}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri spat the word out his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You hate people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you bear a specific grievance, or is this a more temperamental sentiment?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mainly I think it\u8217\'92s all the selfishness. People are selfish. It\u8217\'92s exhausting.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You aren\u8217\'92t selfish?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no, I am. I am people. I hate myself probably as much as I hate Moto or any of these Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As long as you\u8217\'92re fair about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But also, remember where you are. Look at this place. Ignore the rock, that\u8217\'92s an outlier. Look at the rest of the empty sand. There\u8217\'92s hardly any food and even less water. It\u8217\'92s only natural that a creature should be looking out for itself, human or otherwise. You don\u8217\'92t hate lizards, do you? Birds? Dogs? Cattle?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri waved Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s away with limp-wristed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Survival has nothing to do with it,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the same in any city. People in Jeket aren\u8217\'92t living hand-to-mouth, but they\u8217\'92re still, you know, always trying to make things better for themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In principle, no. In practice, very much so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chewing on the aftertaste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should I ask if you hate me? Or I should ask, do you hate the Mazydai? In principle, I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, I\u8217\'92ve only got enough hate in me for all of humanity. There\u8217\'92s not any left over for a Mazyd that\u8217\'92s been cut down to size. You might be selfish, but without any arms or legs it\u8217\'92s not like you can act on it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve still got my belly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That means I\u8217\'92ve still got my Mazydfire. That should count for something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but you can\u8217\'92t control it, can you. If you really want, I could hate you a little bit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was hoping we could be friends instead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sensible chuckle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re serious.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, a little hatred won\u8217\'92t get in the way of a good friendship. I don\u8217\'92t know if you know this, but friendship doesn\u8217\'92t actually require us to like eachother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was under the impression that it did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d be wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought the purpose of friendship to make life less miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s one way of putting it. Put another way, it\u8217\'92s an exchange of comfort predicated on self-interest. We don\u8217\'92t actually need to like each other to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That seems wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, believe me, friendship\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  friendship like you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re thinking of\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is an illusion. As soon one half starts to suffer, the other half stops lending comfort as soon as it becomes inconvenient. Like if it\u8217\'92s too much trouble for me to help you out, I\u8217\'92ll be gone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems simpler to say that the offending party wasn\u8217\'92t a friend to begin with than to deny the whole concept of friendship altogether.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You say that, but\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92ll put it this way, I\u8217\'92ve never actually }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 seen}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a person willing to sacrifice something meaningful, against their own interest, in a time of need, unless it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s family.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo tapping chin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would disagree,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93but I can\u8217\'92t challenge your own experiences with my own as I have none to share.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve never had a true friend because they don\u8217\'92t exist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is one possible explanation. Another is that we Mazydai were created by evil men to be tools destruction, so when people look at us, they aren\u8217\'92t inclined to make overtures.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That makes sense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Most don\u8217\'92t even consider us to be people. So I should say, if you hate me as person, that\u8217\'92s a step in the right direction. Honestly, your hatred would keep me open to the possibility that the concept of friendship is more than pure conceit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, we can be friends, but as soon as one of us gets bored with it, or distance comes between us\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 basically, the moment as it becomes too much effort to help out, it\u8217\'92s over. That\u8217\'92s how it works.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So that\u8217\'92s it then, we\u8217\'92re friends?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to set some terms and conditions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m listening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we\u8217\'92re going to be friends, you need to let me in on whatever it is that you\u8217\'92re up to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look of confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What am I up to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might be able to fool these outland pokes but you can\u8217\'92t fool me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, you don\u8217\'92t feel pain, you don\u8217\'92t feel anger, and I know you don\u8217\'92t feel compassion either. The only reason you\u8217\'92re talking to me right now is because you\u8217\'92re scheming. Your schemes would stand better chances if you had arms and legs, and since you don\u8217\'92t have any, I\u8217\'92m the next best thing, aren\u8217\'92t I? You can\u8217\'92t exactly go running off into the Sand, but I can!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can run on that leg?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, no. It\u8217\'92s the principle of it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Challenging glare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must be the most skeptical creature that ever breathed a thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I wrong though?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do feel compassion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh really? I\u8217\'92ve seen a Mazyd kill a hundred-score with a blink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The massacre of Gudrk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no way you saw that because it occurred two hundred years ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw it in a painting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Naturally,\u8221\'94 said Obo, hint of a scoff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But am I wrong? You say you never lie, so answer me that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong about what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That the only reason you\u8217\'92re talking to me is because you want to use me for whatever escape scheme you\u8217\'92re scheming up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First time Obo ever paused to consider his words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a simple yes or no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dissembling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How should I say this...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By saying yes, or no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am talking to you because I wish to explore the potential of our relationship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no schemes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is a lie.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no schemes }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 yet}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . First I have to discover what Ayram wants with me.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it obvious?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not particularly, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These are outland pokes, Obo. What does every outland poke want? To a man and woman, they want Hrk destroyed. And you\u8217\'92re a Mazyd. You possess the most destructive power known to man. They captured you because they want to use you against your masters. That\u8217\'92s why Ayram was so upset when his girl couldn\u8217\'92t control you. But even if she cant, at the very least, capturing you has bought him some leverage. That\u8217\'92s why you\u8217\'92re still alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that is Ayram\u8217\'92s plan then it will fail and he will die. I\u8217\'92m certain there is more to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If there is, they\u8217\'92re not going to tell me about it. They won\u8217\'92t even tell me why }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  out here.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo regards Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes I\u8217\'92ve trying to figure your role all of this. These Ayramun aren\u8217\'92t in a position to accommodate a freeloader, so I don\u8217\'92t understand why they would haul you around, or why they brought you back from the dead in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably some superstition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s what I thought too. But superstition will only carry you so far with these people. I\u8217\'92d like to give you some advice, as a friend\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 try and make yourself useful. I know that will be difficult, considering your injury, but you have to try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what about you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just then, something unseen and unheard drew Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention towards Minting Rock. Mandri looked and saw nothing but the rock itself. Obo\u8217\'92s out into the desert. And so he studied Obo and tried to discern what was happening by lines. A certain clean beauty, so long as the rest of the body was covered up like it was. If he had to paint a portrait of the creature, it would be a difficult task }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The stage is set,\u8221\'94 Obo finally said. \u8220\'93We will have to hold the discussion here.\u8221\'94\line Without a word of clarification, Obo stuffed the hem of his tattered robe in his mouth and stump-shuffled himself back to the spot where he lay before. He plopped himself down flat and then covered himself back up with his black tatters so that it looked like he\u8217\'92d never moved at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He gave Mandi one last whisper, muffled through folds of his robe, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pretend that we never spoke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wondering what the point of pretending was. When there came a whistling from the direction of Minting Rock. fingers in his mouth and was whistling a bright-beak\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s call.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A second later, and people began to tumble out of the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s base. As soon as one Ayramun stumbled out, there came another, first one, then three, then seven of them, and then the giant Ayram. Each in turn took off jogging towards Mandrameen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first to reach him was the short, brusque man named Hill. Hill pushed Mandri over, casually ignoring Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hoot of pain, and he picked up the pack that Mandri had been laying against. He then gave Mandri the most disapproving look, as if he\u8217\'92d just heard the most vicious rumor, and he trotted back towards Minting Rock. The rest did much the same, they picked up as much stuff as they could reasonably carry and hauled it back to their dwelling. Ayram was the only one to stay. He stood right over Mandri and blocked the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such was the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s size that Mandri felt humbled. Humbling Mandri was no easy feat. No matter how big, or strong, or intelligent someone seemed, it could never erase the fact that they were only human, an impulsive, excitable, self-interested human. Ayram, though, his dimensions exceeded the frame of reasonable expectation, so when Mandri, buried in his shadow, looked up, he saw all the familiar features of a man but did not match the pattern as a person. Ayram was greater, he was somehow more solid, a reference point for being, like a father in the eyes of a son.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shouted, in a register that rumbled the earth, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto! Get over here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto was one of the Ayramun who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been scrambling around, hauling all those packs into Minting Rock. He was about halfway there, hugging a bulging sack of sand-dried meats when he heard Ayram shout his name. He immediately dropped the sack and then jogged on over to see what the fuss was about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was happy to see that Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all-knowing smirk was absent. And there was a faint swipe-stain of blood from Mandri\u8217\'92s thigh on the shoulder of Moto\u8217\'92s formerly speckless garb. Mandri knew it wouldn\u8217\'92t wash out easily, and while it wasn\u8217\'92t justice, it did give Mandri a flutter of joy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain,\u8221\'94 Ayram said he pointed to Mandri\u8217\'92s leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s as I said. The boy got bit by demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the thigh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was trying to run away from me and he jumped into a lizard pit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No I didn\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted. \u8220\'93He threw me in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram regarded Mandri with suspicion. His proud, round beard , and as Ayram Mandri found himself struck by a silly thought: this was the first time that Ayram had ever heard his voice. Ayram seemed to find it funny. He gave one amused grunt and that was enough to crumble Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s indignation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram said to Moto, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain why this boy was running away from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shrugged his shoulders shook his head as if perplexed. He had to get his body involved in the lie. Mandri was familiar with the technique\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when faced with real consequences, the whole body has got to get involved to sell the lie. All that powerful gesticulating, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not really about selling the lie, it\u8217\'92s letting everyone know that you\u8217\'92re going to cause a fuss if you get called out on the lie, and if people think that will be more trouble then the whole thing is worth, you might just get away with it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, hackles raised, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I honestly have no idea. I must have said something, but I don\u8217\'92t know what, and then Mandri here threw a fit and ran off. He\u8217\'92s got a dirty Spark. You should have seen it, the demon was chewing on his leg and he didn\u8217\'92t even try to fight the thing off. Chopper had to jump in and save him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri knew he could speak out of turn so he forced to resort to an incredulous gasp. With each word that Moto spoke, Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face scrunched up tighter and tighter. He made every effort short of squealing to let Ayram know what he really thought of Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram said to Moto, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t do what I told you to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could I?\u8221\'94 Moto griped. \u8220\'93Ask him yourself! The boy has no will to live.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have time for this. Take the Mazyd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto bent down, grabbed at Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limp body and pulled the Mazid up and tucked him under the arm. A , look that said he\u8217\'92d pay if . Once Obo was comfortably tucked under Moto\u8217\'92s arm, Moto took off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Ayram turned to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram was trying to get the measure of him. Never more transparent had a man tried to get the measure of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was an ill omen, finding you dead in the hills,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93It took my witch a whole hand to convince me that your Spark was worth rekindling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are not grateful?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not really, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sometimes, when a man is brought back from the dead, he comes back changed. Some are corrupted. Some become agents of Shis. Is that what you are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thinking about Pell, about Salavan, about the black painting he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made just before Salavan had killed him. He tried to block these thoughts out of his mind because the sense that Ayram was reading his thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you walk?\u8221\'94 asked Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri rolled onto his stomach and pushed himself up onto his good knee, and from there, he set his hands, with his left leg stiff as a board, he hauled himself up to a standing position. He was determined to walk on his own, for he knew it would not go well for him if he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t carry his own weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took a step and shuddered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I can walk, but I might be able to hobble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make your way into the rock,\u8221\'94 he said. He reached down and grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s left arm. The width of his hand matched the length of Mandri\u8217\'92s bicep, and his gigantic fingers encircled the arm a whole half over. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you try to walk. A Shiskazok would make himself a burden.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With Mandri steadied, Ayram let go, and moved to retrieve the last item left from the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s big pile: a large iron cauldron. Ayram picked it up by its rim and lifted it up with ease. Then he set off, back towards Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri waddled after him but was soon left alone because he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep up. His left leg couldn\u8217\'92t bear his weight. It felt like his thigh bone had splintered, and every shuffling hop sent its shards stabbing into his thigh. It was a only short distance, but he had to stop so often that it took half a hand to close it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he went he thought of the Solitants and their sacred tortures. He wondered if they had a word for the particular arc of sensations that a demon bite inflicts. He wondered what this pain would do to him, what kind of man it would make him if he made it through. Common wisdom suggests that pain breeds a tougher man, but Mandri knew it could make a man timid and fretful, too. There was a slim chance here, if the Solitants were right, that this pain would lead communion with the divine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked out over the Sand and wondered what that could possibly feel like. Oneness with the Divine. He recalled a painting that had that very title. It depicted a flayed Solitant lying on a rack, his skin completely unwrapped from his body, his bare anatomy exposed to a dark and hazy, incense-filled room. This mortification was a ritual performed by only the most desperate of the Solitants. It was an attempt confront the Self with the reality that there was no edge between it and the rest of reality. The logic here was as crude as the operation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the natural inclination to see the skin as being the boundary of the Self can be removed by removing the skin entirely. Without the skin to contain it, where, then, does the Self end?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri always thought that the ecstasy depicted in that Solitant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was put there by the artist. There was just no way a person could remain conscious through such torture. And he refused to accept that a ritual flensing could lead a person to righteousness. What kind of world would he be living in if that were true? It would be Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped into the shadow of Minting Rock and pressed his hand against the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cold belly and pushed as hard as he could. He didn\u8217\'92t expect to be able to push it over, but he had to satisfy his curiosity. It really did seem like if he stood there long enough, the thing would roll over and squish him like a bug. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He made his way around to the dark and narrow opening in the Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stand. Mandri easily fit inside, and the way slanted downwards into the root of the stone base, though it didn\u8217\'92t go far. At its end, it was something like the bottom of a well, for a column rose up above into the rock\u8217\'92s interior, with a thick rope hanging all the way down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From above, a voice shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grab the rope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri grabbed it, and he held on tight as he was hauled up into the stomach of Minting Rock.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0}