{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Member: Mandri hasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t seen Obo\u8217\'92s powers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Money isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t everything.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s liquid. It can turn into anything.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m always happy to hear about rape charges. Because that means they\u8217\'92re not getting away with it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Serial on paper money - value 01. They value that more than human life.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Storytellers rule the world. Storyteller gives meaning to the events of a person\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s life.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Violence is always more effective. The word to use is efficient. Violence is an ineffecient approach. It takes a lot of work. And if you mess up, you waste resources. But if you actually succeed in killing your opponent, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s tremendously effective.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Descending squeal of a chirp.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a lot we can learn from hitler\u8217\'92s speeches. Primarily, don\u8217\'92t be a fascist.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A man who chews more than he bites off.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lie of omission.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a difference between lying and not telling the truth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Describe moto more - annoyance in his face, blood dripped clothes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Earlier Ayram full on hatred at the mention of the Hrks.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Earlier - some sense of respect for Obo.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Churn that butter boy!}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Organics is the name of the game.and these peeps have it 100% correct. The other amendment you need to add is charcoal. Local wood charcoal preferably. Also, take some.ash that has never been rained on with very fine charcoal and save that for when your plants are up. Spread that generously around plants. Grind up your charcoal into fine and pea size chunks. Spread that through your soil layers. Also, keep some larger chunks throughout your layers. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kettles.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You approach fom the left, I\u8217\'92ll lose consciousness, and you take it from there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gibblings}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Never stand in the bite of a line}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 X_bag insult}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scumbag}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shitbag}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dirtbag}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No one disputes cheese holes. Its when the cheese holes align you know the lord is at work.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \~It's kind of like what you would expect if there was ever a debate between Cornell West and Donald Trump. }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Say again?}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The closer you get to the rind, the bitterer the taste.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Witless prattle}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 ve\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u183\'B7nal \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Dep\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u183\'B7re\u183\'B7da\u183\'B7tor}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Faith is confidence without evidence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 OBO IS THE: Yes, but}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 BE WARY: WHO IS:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Or I should say\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The only time its ever  peaceful is when one of you has their boot on the the other\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s neck.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Art museum is like a line to everest, a crowded surf break. Completely kills the soul of the thing. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Milk is an emulsion of fat and water.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kai wynn- you have a unique ability to build a consensus.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Conservative is entirely about constructing artificially constructed categories. Progressive is about creating new ones.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Potentially have \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93ive never been in a hasabah before!\u8221\'94 knows about stone structures in the desert, thus might explain why the dudes have picks.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When Ayram is up close to Mandri, render him a little more - beard, individual details.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91undo woolen makeshift bandage\u8217\'92 - make sure its right cloth material as assigned in previous chapter.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Idont think so.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You can not think about it all you want, you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d still be wrong.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Whose. Weirdest fucking word.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have a want of gallantry.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A self-watcher.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Oddness with his blood. Indicates that he isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t commited. -swirls it around a bowl to check the body, the thickness, how many drips fell down the side of the bowl. Elrahet- \u8220\'93His blood is thin but sharp.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First, its to stop eating what they give you.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What, you think me of all people should lose weight?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not about that. The cook, Moteah, she puts saltpeter in everything she makes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t follow.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Saltpeter quells the urge. Dulls the libido. Gives you sad uglies.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I guess Obo was trying to ship Mandri and Purl because of protection somehow???}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0}