{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was an area where, as at wadi kubbaniya, foragers relied heavily on seasonally flooded embayents, places where catfish and tilapia  gathered and dense mats of purple nut grass grew.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jarawa were ambushed so often that, though they usually went around naked, they took to wearing bark armor to ward off arrows.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambushes of this kind are too small-scale to be considered war, but they can be nasty, and once begun they can turn into blood feuds that can last for years. While blood feuds tend to arise with clans, there are exceptions to this rule of thumb. In areas of rich resources like those of the tropical Andaman Islands, described later, even clanless foragers could}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93afford to make enemies of their neighbors,\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  as Kelly puts it. In the case of Jebel Sahaba, however, we believe that we are dealing with societies with clans. One reason is that the site was a cemetery.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aborigines did not believe there was such a thing as inevitable natural death. Death resulted either from homicide or witchcraft.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cooking sedge bulbs in hot ashes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While many tribes had enemies for neighbors, there was one person who could travel widely without fear of death: the sacred messenger. The messenger might, for example, be carrying the red-painted forearm bone of a deceased relative,. Owing to his sacred mission, the meessenger could not be harmed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Andaman girl wearing her sisters skull like a backpack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because the Aka-Bea and Jarawa spoke different dialects, it was difficult for them to hold peacemaking ceremonies. In areas where there was no such language barrier, the Islanders did negotiate truces. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Examples of overkill were frequent. A middle-aged man, Burial 21, had been hit with 19 flints; projectiles were found in the top of his pelvis, his forearm, his lower leg, his rib cage, and the base of his neck. One young woman, Burial 44, had been hit with 21 flints; three of these were probably the barbs of a spear that penetrated her face and reached the base of her skull. Nor were children spared. Two youngsters interred together, Burials 13 and 14, had flints in their neck vertebrae, each probably representing a\~coup de gr\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2ce.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}