{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you deflesh, the bone won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t turn to ash - you\u8217\'92d never get it hot enough. Part of the cremation process is that you require the body to catch fire and continue to burn under its own steam.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say out that no one has a more intimate relationship with the Truth than a liar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The Truth has a certain shape and weight and feel to it, and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to play with it to really know you\u8217\'92ve got the genuine article, because on the surface, a lot of lies look just the same. Its like a fake gold statue - looking at it, you might not tell. Convey the metaphor through the object.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aporia - impasse/puzzlement - confusion and doubt are not dead ends, but a sign of adulthood of the mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Etymologically, "lord" just means "keeper of bread," so if you've got a loaf around, you're a lord. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Charcoal brushing onto beard for color.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cloves put onto flame to get charred and youve got eyebrow pencil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ladies crush teh bones of poor to make white makeup for parties.]]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old guy taking snuff. Browned nostrils}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take a pinch between your thumb and what the army calls your walking-out-finger. Powdered tobacco.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But they'll still feel it. Like walking into a pocket of cold air, you'll just sense "there was something wicked here". }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But they'll still feel it. Like walking into a pocket of cold air, you'll just sense "there was something wicked here". \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 reddit?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your eyes will adjust to the darkness.\u8221\'94 - morality}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emperor, like the christian god, declares all to be in violation of the law by default. The live but for his mercy. No courts. No trials. Only His word binds them. Can be stricken at any time, not requiring any reason for this one alone suffices.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut yo ass up. All that screaming. Play football. Man you a fake ass John Randle. Shut yo ass up. Screamin and shit. Fake John Randle.\u8221\'94 Turns to Brad - \u8220\'93Sorry brad, I\u8217\'92m gonna get you killed but sorry bout that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Execution of cromwell - spasm of homicidal paranoia}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The murderous dance of court politics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bravery is a measure of uncertainty. When we train soldiers, we train the bravery out of them. We dont want brave soldiers. We want cool-heads. We want men who know what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re doing, and when you know what you\u8217\'92re doing, there\u8217\'92s not much room there for bravery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example, if you knew the time of your death, there would be no question of bravery.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They say turnthe other cheek. Take up your cross and follwo me. Then the new ones stand up and say they will not be made a victim! Protect me lord from being made a victim! Guide my sword that I may make them the victim! But killing in the name of your god is not what made us strong. It was dying. Dying for your faith. Killing for your faith? NO! Dying for your faith!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sticks to roof of mouth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Godbotherers}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gonna start talking to ya like a man. -starts punching him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God of the apt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can just as easily kill a thing from loving it too much as hating it. Tell story about a bush which was a pest to farmers. Farmesr tried to get rid of it, but weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ever through enough. They didn\u8217\'92t hate it enough. Once it was found out you could use the bush to make sharki wine, the thing disappeared completely.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Depends on whether you still want a functioning nose.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Schopenhauer puts it eloquently, you can do what you want, you cannot want what you want. -mazyd to boy}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Read Bachelard. Or at least look at his hair when he was young. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least look at a portrait of him when he was young. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll see the point.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  interpreting everything in term of who is humiliating who.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Woman complaining about mistreatment by queen, then commanding slave to do some shit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mindfulness/grounding technique}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These walls are tan. There are five windows. They have ten panes }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get the mouth watering first, then come the eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That time I ran into an old, dying boar in myakka.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 there are no solutions, only trade-off }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peel off a horse chestnut and it gives you horse whispering capability, horse will see you as a horse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The Tyranny of Structurelessness"\~is an influential essay by American\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminist"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 feminist}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jo_Freeman"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jo Freeman}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~that concerns power relations within\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radical_feminist"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 radical feminist}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~collectives. The essay, inspired by Freeman's experiences in a 1960s\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Women%27s_liberation_movement"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 women's liberation group}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , reflected on the feminist movement's experiments in resisting leadership hierarchy and structured\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Division_of_labor"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 division of labor}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . This lack of structure, Freeman writes, disguised an informal, unacknowledged, and unaccountable leadership and ensured its malefaction by denying its existence. As a solution, Freeman suggests formalizing the existing hierarchies in the group and subjecting them to democratic control. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sing of Solraheen - }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two fingers making an L with the THumb. Thumb is Solrah, creator. Index is Schisol, killer, Middle finger is Solraheen, inheritor, fourth finger, closed, is Hisol, muse, dead. Fifth finger, pinky, is Shusol, fertile, also dead.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People calling chris mccandless stupid for not taking a map - they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get it and never will. They don\u8217\'92t know what a mapdoes to nature. Puts it down on paper, makes edges.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 NEXT BOOK: \line Child sacrifice - they are invincibly ignorant. Kill them while they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re young so that they need not repent.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salvan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s house is in an oasis of sorts.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consesnus is only valuable so long as there is incentive to disagree. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Green green green green green. Green roof, green grass, grean palms, even the oranges are green.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remember history or be doomed to repeat its mistakes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know about that. In Zosa there\u8217\'92s a blood feud a thousand years running. Two tribes. They remember the history. Think about it every night before they go to bed. Instead of counting sheep they count the wrongs done to them. Sometimes I think, what if I could snap my fingers and they\u8217\'92d wake up and forget all about it - all that history, just gone. You can\u8217\'92t tell me their lives wouldn\u8217\'92t be better. You say remember history or be doomed to repeat its mistakes, I say, forget history or be doomed to its chains. Remember the broad strokes, sure, but mostly, I think we need to forget.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Juncture between time and death is like the surface of a river. - is a more accurate translation that it being a fork in a river. A whole theology built up over this mistranslation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without anything to do dwell on his discomfort, Pyetle turned away, wrapped Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cloak tighter around his bare skin, and tried to sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He lay there for half a hand or so, shivering, counting his miseries: Twenty for his freezing fingers and toes. Five for the cuts he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d gotten on his hands and feet while scrambling through the Underworld. Count his blessings? There weren\u8217\'92t any. At least, there weren\u8217\'92t any until Moteah sauntered over with a bothered look on her face.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Young men are better. Requires a single mindedness. An obsession. When you get old, its not about age itself, its the fact that the longer you live, you accumulate distractions. Friends. Lovers. Things. Other ways to spend your time. Victory becomes a relief instead of a cause for celebration.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King tide - grain man ladens barges down so they can only come on king tide}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Negotiate our way around the ribs\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remember that the soul of a Russian, if not of everyone of them then of almost everyone, is permeated with the spirit of hatred for every free Pole and for the idea of a free Poland.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They are easy and capable of feeling even great friendship and will love you sincerely and warmly, like a brother, until they feel that in your heart you are a free man and you are afraid of their love, in which the dominant element is the lust for protection over you, in other words: power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If one's own freedom is unattainable, the freedom of others arouses envy and disgust. For centuries we have been too painful an example for them, a denial of their own fate. I fear that it will be a long time before they understand that no one and nothing, except death, can take away our right to freedom...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ukraine. The sadness of having to fight when you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to. You are driven to it. Man saying goodbye to daughter to go die to kill an invader. The absurdity of war. They have no idea. She is crying. You are crying. You know you could run a way, but you couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t live with yourself if you did.  So, you\u8217\'92ve got to pick up arms and go do a senseless thing, kill another person, for the simple reason they want to kill you, and people like you. It\u8217\'92s unfair. That\u8217\'92s the root of it. Just how unfair it is. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many thinkers defined humans precisely by their capacity for suicide. A person is capable of saying, for whatever reason, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say \u8216\'91no\u8217\'92 to my physical being.\u8221\'94 That reason could be a feeling that their continued existence is impossible, or it could be a desire for prestige and fame \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \~historically, things like that have pushed people to suicide. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Buds trainer pastone - I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like this defeatest attitude you\u8217\'92ve developed. If you accept defeat again, I will come over there and crush you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The best artist is a matter of opinion. The best swordsman, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a matter of fact.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lavater - essays on PHysiognomy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - face was essential to judging a person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The physiognomy can instruct a physician better than all the verbal information he can receive. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Man wracked with misery and spasms as the arm is excised at the joint.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Telling romanovs- you face the possibility of both social and national revolution. Most are poor peasants. Many are not russian. if you begin to dismantle the police state before modernization has created a bourgeois society in russia, we are going to collapse. And do not believe that if the monarchy collapses we are going to get some liberal constitutional happy european order emerging in russia, no, the alternative will be firstly anarcy, and then some dictatorial regime of the left with socialist pretensions.}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whdt5xCzwHQ"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whdt5xCzwHQ}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 21:00 talks about secret document administered to nicholas II. Minister of interior predicts the war and its consequences to russia to the letter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bad guys - rules and laws of civilized society insulate Bzzz moto hates Hrk. Cant just run up and kill them. Because there are bad guys everywhere, but nothing can be done about them. Lulls the average good person into a lethargy. The narrative of their lives, the fight towards an end, is pulled from them, because in civilized society there are no ends, there is only the wheel that keeps on turning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pigsblood soup}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Crests bony ornaments }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tuburculate scales.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bone crest sheathed in keratin.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pain is not a thing to be overcome - do not overcome vision. Overcome sound. Pain is feeling. A sense. You are born with it. It is you.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pain excercise where helraet has mandri close his eyes, she stabs him through the hand and the edge between feeling and pain is explored.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 remember that Pavel was completely without restraint. If he laughed, then it was loud. If he screamed, it was even louder. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the life of the party. But he was, in a good sense, open-hearted. He was remarkably klutzy. The kind of kid who reached for a book on the bookshelf, and the whole shelf would fall on his head, then the door would fall\~as he left the room. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After this crushing defeat, the captured Russian princes were dumped in a shallow ditch and then covered with wooden floors on which the winners organized a feast. The victims died of suffocation with all their bones broken.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle of Kulikovo was opened by single combat between the two champions. The Russian champion was Alexander Peresvet. The champion of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_Horde"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Golden Horde}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~was Temir-murza. The champions killed each other in the first charge. According to a Russian legend, Peresvet did not fall from the saddle, while Temir-murza did.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His life is a kind of hell, briefly interrupted by orgasms }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you teach me to be a good swordsman?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Good? No. Good is a subjective thing. I can teach you to be a solid swordsman. Solid is tangible. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re opponents will feel that. But Good? To me, you will never be good.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thing that separates man from beast is mercy - without mercy, man is like a beast}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - have a beast show mercy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consumed by the body}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So that it can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feed the spark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So that it can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Move the flesh}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So that it can be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consumed by the body}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do I deserve life?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do you want me to say? Yes? No? At some point you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll realize that you\u8217\'92ve just uttered a collection of noises that has no other meaning than what you make it. \u8216\'91Deserve\u8217\'92. \u8216\'91Life\u8217\'92. Even \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92. These have so much depth that it would take a million lifetimes to make the first step. So just shutup.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto - at school I wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even the best. The best was vasquez. What happened/ he got killed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fishtail plant. Tiny needles in the sap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stumptail}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t trust god. In order to trust someone you have to understand them. I don\u8217\'92t understnad god. I dont trust him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That feeling of looking into the eyes of someone speaking blasphemies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A meaty face that seemed to pop out of his skull}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scientists are not arbiters of the truth. They are arbiters of the most reasonable conclusion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every person you meet has an intellect and an identity - the intellect is  a sword, the identity is the hand that wields it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A mind which likes to stab itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything is sacred. Blur the line betwee clean and unclean. Aghori.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eating nothing but fruit from trees in the jungle. Before long I realized that I was harming the trees by plucking their fruit, so I ate only what fell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  for years I was the good kid. Then I got curious, and thats where it led me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want his money. I just want him to not have it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frog when blinks the eyes squeeze into the head.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first thing you have to do is come to peace with who you are. The second thing you have to do is come to peace with who everyone else is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Push him until he decides to lose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ultimate fate of any organism in a population is to become either}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1) the ancestor of everyone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2) the ancestor of nobody}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cunning vixen. The slattern. May lightning take you! Your championship is misplaced. Your gallant will die like a rabbit!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wake up sluggard.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A fistful of ashes. That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s all that\u8217\'92s left.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Certain if you can believe it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to tell how much fuckwittery is inside someone\u8217\'92s head just by looking at them. Sob was an exception to that rule.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve lived for the greater part of my life as a homosexual that can\u8217\'92t express himself sexually because the Holy Spirit refrains me from doing anything that will only harm my spirit, His grace is sufficient for me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know the condemnation that I have experienced living with same sex attraction. Never to be able to have a family. I am sure you have your own fight of faith, we all have something that needs daily attention to keep our flesh down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Living with condemnation day in and day out, I finally came to an unorthodox approach, I was exhausted and tired of having desires for men. I threw my arms up and gave thanks for homosexuality. It certainly felt odd, but I was giving thanks in all things, as Paul instructed the Thessalonians. Days later, the condemnation lifted. I thanked God for all sins and blessings alike. Giving thanks in all things became liberating. And then I heard the words from the Lord, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93be yourself and love Me\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You may think I am justifying my answer. Not at all. I am convinced of certain things just as you are convinced of certain things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You see, I found a way out. When I gave thanks for my sin, the condemnation left me. It helped by giving me courage to thank the Lord for everything. I found that a power was working on my behalf and little bit at a time, the desire for men waned, masturbation ebbed and it has become less to almost nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every once in a while, I will feel lonely and I may think about having a male companion. But it last for a little while and then it goes. Such is a thorn in my flesh.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 YOu have my unconditional support. Unless conditions change}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That doesnt make sense. Just say conditional support}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No. My support is unconditional in the current conditions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Short also thought that the Khmer Rouge's ideology stood apart from other forms of Marxism due to its "monastic stress on discipline", with "the systematic destruction of the individual" being a "hallmark" of its ideology.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEShort2004193-423"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 420]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouge believed that in order to crush the individualistic attitude that they thought was endemic in Cambodian society, coercion was needed to ensure the creation of a collectivised state.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEShort2004232%E2%80%9333-424"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 421]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Short noted that an underlying doctrinal view among the Khmer Rouge was that "it is always better to go too far than not far enough", an approach that was "at the root of many of the abuses" which occurred under their regime.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEShort2004283-425"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 422]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Within the Communist Party itself, hunger, lack of sleep, and long hours of labour were employed at training camps to ramp up the physical and mental pressure and thus facilitate indoctrination.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEShort2004318-426"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 423]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Short commented that "no other communist party" in history ever went "so far in its attempts directly to remould the minds of its members".}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pol Pot's real name is Saloth Sar, and that his father was a landowner distantly related to the royal family. A third version is that Pol Pot is really Tol Sat }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the second day of Guadalcanal we captured a big Jap bivouac with all kinds of beer and supplies\~... But they also found a lot of pictures of Marines that had been cut up and mutilated\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Wake_Island#War_crimes"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 on Wake Island}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The next thing you know there are Marines walking around with Jap ears stuck on their belts with safety pins. They issued an order reminding Marines that mutilation was a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Court-martial"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 court-martial}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~offense\~... You get into a nasty frame of mind in combat. You see what's been done to you. You'd find a dead Marine that the Japs had booby-trapped. We found dead Japs that were booby-trapped. And they mutilated the dead. We began to get down to their level }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On February 1, 1943,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life_(magazine)"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Life}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~magazine published a photograph taken by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ralph_Morse"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ralph Morse}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~during the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guadalcanal_campaign"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guadalcanal campaign}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~showing a severed Japanese head that U.S. marines had propped up below the gun turret of a tank.\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Life}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~received letters of protest from people "in disbelief that American soldiers were capable of such brutality toward the enemy." The editors responded that "war is unpleasant, cruel, and inhuman. And it is more dangerous to forget this than to be shocked by reveminders." However, the image of the severed head generated less than half the number of protest letters that an image of a mistreated cat in the very same issue received, suggesting that American backlash was not significant }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Rose lunged at him with the knife, resulting in the knife embedding itself in the door, and three of Rose's fingers sliding down the blade, almost severing them from her hand. In response, Rose calmly wrapped her hand in a towel and said: "Look what you done, fella. You've got to take me to the hospital now. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This led to the poem\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The U.S. sailor with the Japanese skull}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , which described one method for preparation of skulls for trophy-taking, in which the head is skinned, towed in a net behind a ship to clean and polish it, and in the end scrubbed with\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caustic_soda"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 caustic soda}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Disaster economics }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ok, so here's how this works. An upheaval or technological innovation gives the mercantile (business) class the ability to gain large amounts of wealth and challenge the landowner or gentry class. Using their new wealth they support political ideals that curtail the power of the gentry class and allow them the freedom to continue to accumulate wealth. That is when democracy happens. After a while, the mercantile class gains so much wealth that they look to 'lock in' that wealth by becoming the gentry class themselves. At that point their wealth goes towards political ideals that allow them to do that, such as fascism, totalitarianism, or feudalism. This is the cycle. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Die? No, I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t die. It was a feint from my organs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anger isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an emotion, it\u8217\'92s an outburst of logic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sting that hits the chest tightens the throat eyes well up and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to clench and then breath hard to get through it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its funny how a brush with death is forgetten almost as soon as it came. Like an ant that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t realie the existential threat of the shadow of a foot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A rule of rhetoric - don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t convince with metaphor. Opponent, if creative, can easily turn the metaphor around, twist and extend it. Instead, stick to facts. Make them up if you have to, but the have to be concrete, something that isn\u8217\'92t easily twisted.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 You run like you\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92re hittin the dirt. Leave it alone.angry at the dirt.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \~The error lies in thinking that one can titrate the application of violence to achieve exquisitely precise results. }
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 When he speaks its like a burp is coming. Has to pause and his face gets all twisted.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Dead people dont bleed very fast. Only gravity feed,}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 You never seen a butcher\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s shop? Dead things don\u8217\'92t bleed that much unless their neck is cut and they\u8217\'92re hanging upside down.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cheetah doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the capacity to form a counterfactual. Can\u8217\'92t even worry about failure. It is pursuing the path of least resistance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even reptiles Plan multiple actions in the future.  - eye movements - the simplest problem of planning that have to be resolved every few hundred milliseconds - have to choose where to look in order to gather the right information to construct a scene. The anatomy of the eye entertains an million possible movements, places to look, and the brain  selects the one that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s most likely to provide new information.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thunder is air rushing into superheated void left by lightning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Be a little empathetic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Empathetic? No. Its got the word pathetic in it, so I won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am beloved You are betolerated.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I tell you what, that boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bread ain\u8217\'92t baked all the way through.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Open with a single occupancy bathroom - grey wallpaper, our hero is asleep - looks dead - knock on door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You still in there Zed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zed wakes up. He has no idea who he is or where he is. Has some idea of what he is doing - pooping on the toilet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leaves toilet, coworker runs in. Enters small 3-man office. He questions other coworker in office - what is going on, who am I, etc. Coworker thinks he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s joking at first. When realizes he\u8217\'92s serious, reaches for a pistol, fires, and missess. Our hero charges, a scuffle ensues, and hero kills coworker. Other coworker comes out of bathroom, in apparent disbelief that hero has killed someone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Authorities come in, and buy the story  that dead coworker was suffering from amnesia and needed to be killed - story upheld by clueless pooping coworker.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hero is dropped off at his \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91home\u8217\'92. A \u8216\'91wife\u8217\'92 is there. At this point, he knows not to reveal he has no idea who he is, or who she is. Funny hijinks ensue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ends with him looking down at earth, burning up because of him, muttering, realizing he should have just been killed as soon as he was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91born\u8217\'92. He mutters, \u8216\'91oops\u8217\'92. And then \u8216\'91Oh well.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Uncertitarian - belief that any form of certainty is categorically evil, excepting of course the belief that any form of  certainty is categoriclly evil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The joy is not in the winning, its in the making the other person look like an idiot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flecks and bubbles. }
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The older a person gets, the more deliberate they have to be.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Believed it provisionally\u8217\'92- seb\u8217\'92s theory about ghosts and faces}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 The problem with decks like this is that there are too many options. You\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92d think that\u8217\'92s a good idea but all it does is keep you thinking you might have a chance when you really don\u8217\'92t and you lose cubes because you stay too long. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [...] nobody's calling to exterminate anybody because the other problem with that statement is that transgender people is not a real ontological category. It's not a legitimate category of being. There are people who think that they're the wrong sex, but they're mistaken. They're laboring under a delusion. And so we need to correct that delusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It can't be a genocide because they don't even exist! That rhetoric is totally not terrifyingly exterminationist at all!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unlike real ontological categories like race, nationality, and religion. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "There are people that think that they're the chosen people of God, but they're mistaken. They're laboring under a delusion. And so we need to correct that delusion." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 the ancient philosopher Anacharsis, who maintained that laws were like cobwebs; strong enough to detain only the weak, and too weak to hold the strong. In the name of innumerable victims known and unknown, it is time for justice to take a hand.\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old Neptune shake thy hoary locks}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This bluntness stunned the Ayramun out of their teasing smirks. A seriousness settled in once again, and there was such a tension that Mandri wondered just how many Ayramun this Mazid had killed, and if it was a large number, how in Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s good grace these ruffians managed to capture the Mazid in the end.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jesus - progressive - conservative is about law protected but not binding a certain group of people, and binding but not protecting an out-group.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem with doing things for yourself - when you figure it out, you lose interest, and don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t finish.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 seamstress working by the light of a single candle go blind. Wages docked if they dropped a single stitch.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 eyes swollen. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Victorian men woke up to the idea that if they died, as sole breadwinner, their sisters/mothers would go poor overnight}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Because few money-making opportunities for women. the distinction between the deserving and undeserving poor started to become established.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 deserving poor were former middle class people who, through no fault of their own, became poor.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert Martineau - THe last day in the Old Home - man poses for artist friend of a painting where he was a wastrel who gambled away everything and had to sell the house}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 bizarrely life followed art, he inherited the house, and had to sell it--not because of gambling, but debt from agri depression.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 4 million paintings during the dutch golden age. 1588-1672}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 every house had an average of ten paintings in them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 rubens sent portrait to a merchant, who gifted it to the prince. prince said, 'piece scarcely touched by his own hand' and sent it back. rubens sent a self-portrait.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - workshop artistry-use this for mandrameen}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 frans hals}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 fish popular. its a fishing nation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 clara peeters}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 rachel ruysch}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 champagne? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 we're in the miiddle of a chase}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 youre right. something red.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 this is the end of the line--1700s france?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 people who define themselves by achievements that are not their own}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sights above}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 men that can feather their arrows at ten-score yards}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 wearing the sherriffs livery}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 well said good yeoman}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 highbows only, no dribblers and squirrlers}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 what do you do when a cock crows too loud}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 trim his comb}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 since you press me with such arguments. Knife to the gut}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 they think the world is a bead.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 sketch ideas: farting is funnier than comedy teacher's lessons}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dominatrix is uncomfortable fulfilling a white guy's ante-bellum slave fetish while black guy is strapped to the wall}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "She's a dom. were' supposed to be slaves."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Slaves, yes. But You ain't gotta be so period specific!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Prostitute mom played Roots to entertain me while she brought men over."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Ok then.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dom puts red ball in black guys mouth}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 start acting a full-on mastah slave.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 black guy spits out ball and bounces on theground.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Now hold on a minute"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I am the last person to judge someone's sexual proclivities. But this is too much!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 a natural defile}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 motivated laziness - prgrammer.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 buzzards guts}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Viewed in any light, the Lawrence Raid will continue to be held, as the most infamous event of the uncivil war! The work of destruction did not stop in Kansas. The cowardly criminality of this spiteful reciprocity lay in the fact that each party knew, but did not care, that the consequences of their violent acts would fall most heavily upon their own helpless friends. Jenison in 1861 rushed into Missouri when there was no one to resist, and robbed and killed and sneaked away with his spoils and left the union people of Missouri to bear the vengeance of his crimes. Quantrell [sic] in 1863 rushed into Lawrence, Kansas, when there was no danger, and killed and robbed and sneaked off with his spoils, leaving helpless women and children of his own side to bear the dreadful vengeance invoked by that raid. So the Lawrence raid was followed by swift and cruel retribution, falling, as usual in this border warfare, upon the innocent and helpless, rather than the guilty ones. Quantrell [sic] left Kansas with the loss of one man. The Kansas troops followed him, at a respectful distance, and visited dire vengeance on all western Missouri. Unarmed old men and boys were accused and shot down, and homes with their now meagre comforts were burned, and helpless women and children turned out with no provision for the approaching winter. The number of those killed was never reported, as they were scattered all over western Missouri.[45]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 d "crossed the line" from "playful satire" to "masturbatory condescension"}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Church of the most reasonable conclusion - our religious beliefs are taught in schools...Can they do that?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 the first person to use the term mainstream media was joseph goebbles - it's very important you don't read the mainstream media.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is a moment, where the forces arrayed against you seem hopeless to overcome. Your enemy (Murdoch) has that moment, and they don't let it stop them. That's why they're so successful.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A mass movement can get along fine without a god, but it wont get along at all without a devil. Anita bryant became that devil - lillian falderman the gay revolution}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kellet's Combat Motication: The Behavior of Soldiers in Battle,}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  She is widely known for her 1990 essay, "Slavery, Race and Ideology in the United States of America."[6] She authored the 2012 book Racecraft: The Soul of Inequality in American Life (along with her sister Karen Fields, a sociologist).[7][8][9][5] The book argues that race is a product of racism; that racism is an ideology and a way of misunderstanding social reality; and that racecraft in American society serves to obfuscate the actual dynamics of inequality}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 unutterable loathing.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 stripped naked to show how little whipping they needed - i don't want to whip you, cause I want to sell you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Let us cross over to the other side of the river, and rest under the shade of trees.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seen so much of it that he looks at the carcass of a man as if it were a horse or hog.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Use the many failures of text - and disagreements arising to explain the necessity of the artist.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 The only thing a debate measures is one's skill in framing fact for effect.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93stump\u8221\'94 oratory. Jim Lane built his political following in Kansas using a speaking style so brash, profane, and unrestrained that it shocked even those Kansans accustomed to the wild speeches of the time. Many thought Lane was an embarrassment, but many others did not. \u8220\'93His oratory was voluble and incessant, without logic, learning, rhetoric, or grace,\u8221\'94 recalled a Lane observer, \u8220\'93and yet the electric shock of his extraordinary eloquence thrills like the blast of a trumpet.\u8221\'94 Men would follow such a trumpet, and Lane used his oratorical blasts to win a sizable following in Kansas\u8217\'92s antislavery community. 35 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People trying to turn this world into a museum!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Defoe says that there were a hundred thousand country fellows in his time ready to fight to the death against popery, without knowing whether popery was a man or a horse.}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.brainyquote.com/authors/william-hazlitt-quotes"}{\fldrslt\f4\fs24\b1\i0 William Hazlitt}}
\par\plain \f4\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f4\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}