{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next morning they stumbled upon a deep well in the middle of nowhere. Elrahet claimed to have seen it before, though she also claimed to have no memory of it. Nobody challenged this incongruity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The well was huge. It was square, two-men wide, and its interior included a full set of stairs which zig-zagged down to the bottom, some fifty yards deep. There was a bucket. Moto lowered it. The water he pulled up was salty and brackish. Fish were swimming in it. They were the ugliest little minnows that Mandri had ever seen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 blind pink fish with pulpy membranes where there should have been eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto gathered them up and cooked them into a stew. Seb was the only one who ate it. She said it was not delicious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Afterwards, she began an argument with her own damned self. She said, between squelching chews of borcandi spine, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If ya take a barrel full o\u8217\'92 water and put a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 livin\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  fish in it, the water overflows. But if ya put a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 dead}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  fish in it, the water don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t overflow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She claimed this implied something about the size and weight of the Spark, but then she immediately discounted it. She went on like this for half a hand until Moto asked her if she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever actually put a dead fish into a barrel of water to compare it to what happens when she put a live fish in a barrel of water. She said she hadn\u8217\'92t, and that she didn\u8217\'92t need to because this was all common knowledge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To shut her up, Moto filled a bowl with water, put a dead fish in it, and found that water overflowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb did not know what to make of this.}}