{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-qYwJa8OGQ"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-qYwJa8OGQ}}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Logics and maths are essentially games with rules that humans invent to accomplish things - but the rules of most games dont govern reality. But the rules of all accepted logics and maths do.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {So, why?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Thesis: Logics and maths describe distinctions and the consequences of there being distinctions. Possible or acutal.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Category: Modal structuralism (e.g. Geoffrey hellman). All propositions in logic and math are about possible structures. Which are all constituted by \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91distinctions\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Baggage fallacy: this does not mean I agree with or committed to every thing hellman or any other modal structuralist said \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  so nominally a nominalist , but not.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Fictionalist, deflationist, etc.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Crucial point: The rules and notations an proofs of logic (axioms, syntax, and semantics), }{\f0\fs24\b1 are not the same thing as the thing they are describing (}{\f0\fs24\b0 the ontology). SO what we have had ot do to describe axioms, laws, proofs, and propositions in a language must not be mistaken for what it is those axioms, laws, proofs, and propositions are describing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Everything follows from the existence of distinction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 -You could be like - numbers are fictions, but the real thing which exists are physical things. And then its like, do you think there are infinitely many physical things. Is there enough structure in the world to play that role - e.g. a continuous number line. If you think yes, than you must straightforwardly think there are infinities here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What the structuralist says is that we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to have actually one billion apples, all we need is that it be physical possible to describe such a situation\u8230\'85the idea is that most math is talking about possible structures. We can imagine a possible structure and move around in that structure. If you have finite space, you have the possibilities of imagining it at an infinite size. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Ersatz linguistic creation\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }