{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrks chased down every distant sound that skittered through Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s halls. Each man wanted to be the first to kill a demon. The inconveniences of discipline and solidarity were forgotten as spears stabbed at shadows in every hall. Gruff voices hollered at nothing and apparently everything. Mandri, bullied along, felt he was being swept along by a mob to his own execution. The only question was who would do the cutting, the Hrks or demons. The betting favorite was demons, because there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 were }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 odd sounds skittering around in the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He attempted to ease himself by looking for someone to blame for all this madness. Channeling fear into resentment always made things more tolerable. He wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t blame himself, of course. He wouldn\u8217\'92t blame these rampaging Hrks, as they were ignorant victims of circumstance. Then Elrahet\u8217\'92s grating voice grumbled out, \u8220\'93That way!\u8221\'94, and through a wash of hrkwhite cloaks Mandri caught a glimpse of her bony hand pointing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was all }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 her}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  doing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Who else?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better be right!\u8221\'94 Pyetle barked, and then he urged his mob to follow her lead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle, for all his authority, was helpless in this ancient place. Elrahet belonged to it. Like a grandmother in her own home, she was godlike in her gravity. Indeed it reminded Mandri, and this was not the time for it, but it reminded him of how Solraheen both comforted and terrified. It reminded him of how he feared a loving divine. And all this was true even though Solraheen was dead and Elrahet, that aged witch, was as lost as everyone else. She paused at every unexpected turn and hissed through clenched teeth, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t right. Isn\u8217\'92t right, isn\u8217\'92t right, isn\u8217\'92t right.\u8221\'94 Now and again she\u8217\'92d wait for a torch to come bobbing up above her shoulder, but it never seemed to illuminate the correct path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Someone yanked on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put that sword away!\u8221\'94 Seb hissed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even know he had it out. He\u8217\'92d forgotten he\u8217\'92d had it at all. He was suddenly surprised that the Hrks had let him keep it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gonna stab someone,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sheathed his blade. The mob of Hrks took a sharp turn into a dead end, and he bumbled into them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get the old bitch off the lead!\u8221\'94 cried one of the nameless Hrkan number. A general murmur of agreement rang out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Her head!\u8221\'94 one man called.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Her head on a pole!\u8221\'94 added another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted as spears were brandished. Pyetle\u8217\'92s sword, in turn, was drawn. A shouting match erupted. There was an edge of desperation in Pyetle\u8217\'92s plea. The veins in his neck bulged under the full clamping curve of his gnashing teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri fell into the realization that everyone here was certain to die. Here and now, or soon, they would all die. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rummaged about his pockets for his burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The crinkled surface of that blessed bulb excited his fingertips. Careful to avoid notice, he pulled the beauty out and unstopped its thorn-plug. He briefly considered eating the entire thing, but if this really was his end, he wanted to face it with something resembling lucidity. So, he shook a single drop of juice onto his tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And now Pyetle was trying to corral his men away from thoughts of mutiny by shaking his sword and shouting about how everyone here was a coward. This elicited more than few hateful glares. But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a misstep; Pyetle was putting them down to lift them up. Mandri had seen it before, as this kind of emotional abuse was a tried and true leadership tactic. Put the boys down to establish dominance, then lift them up from a greater height, making the uplift feel all the more adoring. Then boldly attach the desire to die for a cause. Because true leadership is about confusing a man into doing something that does not agree with his wellbeing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was it working? It was too dark to really tell. Too dark to read the faces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was much too dark in general.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a simple matter of no one being around to light the lamps because there weren\u8217\'92t any lamp fittings affixed to the walls. There weren\u8217\'92t any windows for natural light to splash and bounce. Even if there were, Shulgi was much too thick in the belly for it. This darkness was intentional. If, as the Solitants say, the purpose of a prison is to help sinners lose their ways, then Shulgi performed that function admirably.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And yet the walls everywhere were adorned with fine etchings from floor to ceiling, stacked in rows. Most of these scenes were painted, if faded and cracked, in shades of white and ochre. What torchlight there was told of battle scenes, with lines of soldiers and slaves poking each other with spears. There were garden scenes where Old Jandri kings strolled in contemplation. There were farming scenes of peace and plenty. Fields of wheat. Nearer the bottom there were scenes of Shis and horror, where Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brother, Schisol, burned martyrs who screamed while tongues of flame licked their skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It all reminded Mandri of a tomb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t uncommon for a man with too much money to decorate the inside of his tomb just like this, with his life\u8217\'92s story stacked in rows up to the ceiling. Why do it? No one but he can say, because when his tomb\u8217\'92s door is sealed, no one would be able to look at the story but him. After putrefaction set in, and his eyes are reduced to brown, gooey prunes, then no one is looking. It was a monumental waste of good pigment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a waste here, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure in which direction he should read the narratve\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 bottom to top, or the other way around. Perhaps the picture was more immediate, holistic, and the stack of scenes portrayed some cosmic order.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He skimmed through the various displays of beneficence, torture, growth, and decay, but could find no anchor. The style was strange, the figures stick-like, and the soft edge of torchlight would blink every time the crowd was stirred into a passion. It was only by providence that some bold inflection in Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s speech sent arms, torches, and spears stirring in just the right proportions to swipe a spot of light over an engraving of an expressionless face floating above a swirl. This swirl was the Void, and the face was Solraheen\u8217\'92s. Three jagged grooves clawed out Solraheen\u8217\'92s brow. Mandri held his hand up against it. He splayed his fingers so that they settled in the monstrous scrape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was a demonic signature of sorts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He began to wonder if there was such a thing as an intelligent demon. Then he was distracted by how odd it felt to lick his teeth. The burgeon had numbed his tongue a little, and so the interior of his mouth felt unfamiliar. His teeth felt sharp, his bottom canines like daggers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re missing a man!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The shout had come from a Vessel somewhere behind. Mandri turned to try and find the man but the view was blocked by a group Hrks plugging the hall. Beyond them, was blackness. And now that everyone had gone quiet, an anxiety rippled voice shouted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fally\u8217\'92s missing!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shudder rolled through the crowd, and the Hrks were suddenly one organism again, all sharing the realization that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d bottled themselves up in a dead end room, with one of their brethren missing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The grimy woman is missing too!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had assumed that Seb was still beside him, but the only Ayramun he could find was Ayram himself, for the giant stood like a black mast above this churning sea of Hrkwhite cloaks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gather the pokes!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soldier nearest Mandri picked him straight off the ground, then hauled him like child to the opposite wall. Pushed against the stone, he was made to squeeze in between Moto and Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle stood before them, arms crossed, sword tapping against his shoulder. The blade sparkled. It almost seemed too thin to cut anything, too pristine, too elegant, too meant to be seen. It also looked a bit like a surgeon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dissecting instrument, only without the hooked tip to split open all the body\u8217\'92s canals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do them in,\u8221\'94 Slate said gruffly. \u8220\'93Let us be done with this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle silenced his right-hand man with a glance, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s the girl?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate nodded, then turned his blocky head to the crowd of excited Hrkan faces all haloed by torchlight. His eyes darted to and fro in widening arcs as he searched for some expected face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up with the girl!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think she\u8217\'92s missing!\u8221\'94 someone shouted back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not the chewy old bitch! The Zosan girl! The Minder!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s missing too!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scalp tightened. His twitching eye conducted alarm into the troops, who themselves were filled with enough worry to bulge their eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nervous gaze retreated back to Pyetle, whose hand tightened on his sword\u8217\'92s hilt. \u8220\'93That clarifies things,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, and he took an ominous step towards Elrahet. His was the malice of a scribe, calm and resolved, a round, frowning face assured of murderous intent. But whatever quick conclusion he\u8217\'92d reached about Moteah\u8217\'92s disappearance collapsed when her imperiled scream exploded into the hall, then dropped into silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before anyone could recover from the shock, there came her unnerving shriek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Somewhere distant, several rooms away, she was struggling for her life. Mandri could feel her desperate fingers twist his stomach. He almost shouted along with her final disheartened plea, a single word: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MOTO!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out of my way!\u8221\'94 Moto roared as he stole a torch from an absent minded Vessel. With it, he batted the Hrks aside before sprinting after his kidnapped sister. Ayram followed in the wake. None dared move to impede them, for who could stand in the way of a brother whose sister\u8217\'92s faltering screams rose and fell?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrks stood stupefied as Moto and Ayram disappeared around the corner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After them!\u8221\'94 Pyetle yelled. To spur his men into motion, he charged after them himself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No more mewling!\u8221\'94 Slate shouted. This was something he must have shouted often, for it appeared to draw the Vessels back into their Hrkwhite cloaks. They looked at each other, remembered themselves, and when the first man moved, the rest were quick to follow. Mandri, half-hoping to be forgotten, was forced into motion by the mangled sneer of one of the more dreadful faces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pace was unrelenting. With the torches so spread out, the way was forward was a smear of uncertain light. Mandri could not find sure footing, much less form a mental map of this maze of sandstone walls, painted as they were with signs and symbols. He simply chased the Hrk in front of him and assumed that the man was keeping up with the lead. He became concerned they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d fallen astray when a scream rang up from under the stones beneath his feet. Then the man in front disappeared down a stair, and down Mandri went. Down, and down, and down he went. The steps were endless, and each one ill-conceived, irregular. Where the steps were short, his heels pounded hard, and whenever a step unexpectedly fell away, his legs locked and jolted. The way didn\u8217\'92t flatten out until the tendons in his knees began to ache. By then, he was so deep inside the mountain that the musty smells of moistened earth were strong enough to cut through the wafting torchsmoke and Hrkan sweat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when the walls began to close in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was not prepared for it. In all the excitement, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d forgotten he\u8217\'92d licked a burgeon. He needed to be standing still for this sort of thing. Preferably laying down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was always the chance that the bulging walls weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bulging because of the burgeon, rather it was an architectural feature meant to instill in him a sense of being digested. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He crashed into a squared stone column.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The thing was standing rudely in the middle of this stone colon of a tunnel. Its flat front face was smooth and featureless save for a long vertical crack which hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite split the thing in half. It was no ordinary crack, and no ordinary stone. Its insides were charred, as if hollowed out by fire, and hidden inside, hidden deep inside, were several blots of sparkling something. These specks peeped out at Mandri\u8217\'92s wondering eyes like a clutch of golden tadpoles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was a vision of the burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It probably wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, but assuming it was made things easier. It would be hard to move on if what he was seeing was real, because what sort of architect would burn a void into a pillar, then invest it with specks of gold? And look, there were small black pits in the walls, and maybe those ulcerous, splats of black burned holes right back to Shis. Was there gold hiding in those as well? If this rock was suffused with gold, well, what kind of creature could have resisted greeding it out?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That list wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Death cults. Animals. Demons. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s who.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Hrk grabbed Mandri by the neck and threw him back into the chase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the hall was constricting severely now. He could feel the God Eye bottling him up. He could sense it searching for a dark place to store him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were pits in the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thumb sized pits with specks of gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Could he fit inside?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was not a large person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If his body was incinerated, and the heat of his sizzling flesh dissolved his bones to dust, then he could be compacted, perhaps, down to the size of a thumb. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d become one again with the rock. Because that\u8217\'92s all he was without a Spark imbuing him with will. That\u8217\'92s all he was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a skeleton of dirt, tensioned by meat, forgetting why it tried to hide inside a cloak of skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why was Solraheen tricking dirt into thinking it was people?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Even the question felt malformed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri cursed the god eye burgeon. It was not cooperating. It was making him think stupid things. Where were the sights he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen before? This burgeon should be stunning him with visions. And what did he see?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Red stone walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A bustling white cloak in front.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If the god eye sight was in him, then he should be able to see that Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark, that shimmering orb, and there should be bright, glowing lines tethering it to the world\u8217\'92s story. But that white cloak simply swished and flicked. And he simply followed it. It was entrancing. A kind of ethereal motion, that cloak. Snap, flow, flap, billow, twirl, curl and slap. When its wearer abruptly stepped aside, Mandri sighed his disappointment. Then the flourish revealed an arched exit which emptied out into a monumental expanse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stumbled headlong into this humbling void.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The immense walls on either side were lost to darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ceiling was absent altogether.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The boundless floor was a dark red mirror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared down at his own reflected visage. The sight of that sunken-cheeked Jandri boy bothered him. He tried to snuff out the image with his toe. As he rubbed, the oiled sole of his shoe squeaked loudly against hard stone. The squeak echoed into the vast chamber, sharp and sudden, growing louder, it seemed, with every bounce.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A crowd of Vessels glared at him. Pyetle emerged from their midst to tell Mandri, by way of vindictive stare, that silence was expected. Mandri nodded, and Pyetle, feeling heard, returned to his marshaling duties, only to see Moto arch is back and shout, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MOTEAAAAH!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The name boomed like an earthquake, filling out the depths of the of the cavern, revealing its monumental size.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing!?\u8221\'94 Pyetle hissed. \u8220\'93If she could have signaled, she would have done it by now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That,\u8221\'94 said Moto, \u8220\'93was to let her know that I\u8217\'92m coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Pyetle bit his tongue, then commanded his troops onward with a dauntless jut of his beard. Mandri shuffled himself into their midst, for that tight ball of spears was the only shelter on this burnished plane of vermilion quartz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They moved slowly now, exposed, spotlighted by their own torches against the dark. Fear pricked Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears, but the only sound was that of padding feet and nervous breathing echoing out and back, as if their own ghosts that were closing in. When the walls fell away into darkness, even abstractions like direction and distance could not be determined. They might not have been moving at all. It could be that the floor was sliding underneath their feet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then, from out of the dark, the torchlight pulled the most surreal of sights\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mass of golden organs hanging in the air. Golden lungs enfolded a golden liver, stomach, and partial intestinal tract, large as Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own, all of it compressed together as if sitting in a pelvic girdle and bound by ribs. The esophagus extended up, all the way up into the infinite black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Even from a distance, Mandri could see sculpted veins on the lungs too numerous and delicate such detail to have come from the hand of any goldsmith. The shape of the organs themselves were too irregular, too real, to have sprung from the cookie cutter patterns which the mind commits to memory. Every crevice was too fine to have been molded by tools. It could only be a cast. Some poor man had his organs gilded and hung from a golden branch. And to reinforce the point, there were bones stacked on the ground underneath it; a reverential cairn monumented by a jawless skull.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to wonder if this was all some trick of the burgeon, for the Hrks could see it too. And off to the right, hanging at eye level, was another mass of gilded organs. The further they walked, the more they found. It was a hanging orchard of organs and bushes of bone, some of them small enough to have once belonged to children.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first Hrkan choir,\u8221\'94 Elrahet mumbled, as if that explained anything. \u8220\'93One hundred and twenty voices were here inviscerated with gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The air stirred with the hush and fumble of fearful whispers. A few Vessels looked ready to flee, but morbid curiosity kept them moving. Some of these sculptures were connected by their esophageal tubes. Far overhead, these tubes converged into heavier branches which bent under the weight of their gruesome fruit. These larger branches converged as well, and soon it became clear that all of them were bundled together, for they plunged down to the floor to compose an enormous golden trunk whose roots erupted into the quartz, splitting it, blackening and glassing the rock, crumbling bits into sand. The trunk itself was as ragged as the surface slag from }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the bath of a dying furnace, while i}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 n the bulging center, splashes of gold splayed out of a cystic hollow that appeared to have burst open from the inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Behold,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said with pompous airs. \u8220\'93Behold the prison which did bind Solraheen for a thousand years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle, bold Pyetle, reached out to touch the trunk. Elrahet struck his hand down with her cane, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you desire a memory which will haunt you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s retreating hand was quick to answer no. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to keep looking,\u8221\'94 Moto urged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Patience,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Moto was incapable of patience. His whole body, his face, was pinched with stress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be patient, and listen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 am}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  listening,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Moto said sharply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet inclined her head, bidding his attention towards the dark behind him. A riffle of excitement spread through the Vessels when she announced,  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The beast is near.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri saw nothing but darkness and a few gilded organs drifting in the dimness before it. A few skeptical grunts polluted the air, but most of the men were quiet, preserving their breath, it seemed, for screams.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hear something!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet!\u8221\'94 Pyetle hissed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A thought came then to Mandri, a thought bidden by the burgeon, because only a burgeon could bring such stupidity up into the sight of mind; his lips soured even as they moved to shape the unspoken words: }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 I was wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What was he wrong about? He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have any strong opinions about whatever was happening here. What could he possibly be wrong about? He\u8217\'92d never been wrong before, and when he had been wrong, he\u8217\'92d always been the first to correct the error. Surely, there was a demon creeping somewhere near\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was he wrong about that? If so, this odd thought shouldn\u8217\'92t feel so much like fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whatever this feeling was, he was a poor receptacle for. And just as he began to wonder if it were the stirrings of some divine revelation, an ear-splitting scream came springing from the void\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the primal shriek of a young man dying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EEEAAAAUUUUUGGH!!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Emphatic and sudden, the scream buckled Mandri, ruptured thought and spiked every nerve, then fled back out into void. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only one startled, as disbelief and terror were exchanged in wide-eyed glances all around. A few heartbeats later, a sprinkle of dust shaken loose from the ceiling could be heard tinkling on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pugnacious Vessel next to Mandri tucked his spear under his shoulder. This triggered a cascade of spears falling into alignment, all of them pointed towards to origin of the scream. Mandri guessed that whoever was dying out there was a little over one hundred yards away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Line up!\u8221\'94 Slate shouted. The taut tendons in his neck were liable to pop. \u8220\'93I said, LINE UP!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The men lined up into even rows. Mandri scuttled into their ranks, eager to not be left alone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop!\u8221\'94 Pyetle commanded. That he wasn\u8217\'92t talking to his troops; Elrahet was casually striding past them all and into.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said STOP!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stopped, but her annoyed look behind made it clear that she did so of her own accord. She hunched over in that liminal torchlit gloom, supported by her cane, and peered back into the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Or was she listening?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was, indeed, a sound. A sappy sort of squelching. It brought to mind someone sucking on a burgeon, or perhaps toothless gums mashing borcandi spines into strings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb!?\u8221\'94 Moto shouted as he assumed his position beside Pyetle. A response to his call rose out of the dark, but it was not Seb. It was someone deep and wheezing, someone with a voice loud enough to strum Mandri\u8217\'92s bones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welllcommme, wiiiitch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ragged words passed like waves through the line of Hrkan spears. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your torch!\u8221\'94 Pyetle said to Moto, and a dauntless jerk of his chin told the Zosan to throw it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto threw it. The flaming stick flew straight over Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, towards the squelching, towards the disembodied voice. It flew for a good fifty yards before it clattered onto the floor, trailing flicks of flame. From there it slid some distance yet before coming to a stop at the distant wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Theeey wish to suffer my glooory,\u8221\'94 said the haunting cavern air. \u8220\'93Let them SEEEeeee!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The air erupted as fire splashed into enormous bronze braziers hanging overhead. This alone was near enough to make Mandri faint, but then came the sight of the distant torchlit wall, which was not a wall at all, but a colossal mound of flaking skin warted over with bleeding pustules and tags of fat. This swell of flesh was so large that it nearly plugged the enormous cavern. Then, a sight beyond reason: the whole horrible thing shuddered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Behold my glooory!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That mound of flesh rolled forward to reveal, sticking out of the top like a tiny cork, the upper half of an old man. A tattered green robe draped his shoulders. A wreath of gold crowned his head. His little arms clutched a headless body cloaked in hrkan white\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s missing Vessel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This demon king smiled in the brazier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s harsh light. His smile grew wider, and wider, uncomfortably wide, so wide that his snakelike jaw dislocated straight off of his skull. He shoved the Hrk\u8217\'92s lolling neck into his gaping maw. His cheeks stretched beyond reason to accommodate the shoulders. He crunched down and began to chew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A scream of terror died stillborn in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat, for the vision was not yet finished as the blackness around this king began to move. Splotches of dark arrayed themselves around the Demon king\u8217\'92s bloated belly. Again Mandri made to scream, but a Vessel beat him to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are those!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re dogs!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Roaches the size of dogs!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were at least ten of them, demons mixed from insects and men. Grasping hands sprouted out the ends of their many segmented legs. Their plated faces framed flat, lidless eyes which stared up at the ceiling. Their chitinous jaws gulped the air like fish out of water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hag beetles,\u8221\'94 Elrahet cautioned. \u8220\'93Be wary of the spines inside their shells.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She took a brave step towards the great beast and his bodyguard, then bowed deeply, as if petitioning any other Outland king.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings, most repugnant Lord,\u8221\'94 she said in mocking reverence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beetles chirred in a kind of sycophantic furor, while the mass of skin behind them shivered. Up above, the king\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tiny ribcage squeezed its meal down into his enormous stomach. His black tongue licked down the Hrkan Vessels feet, and horrific sequence of splintering cracks saw his jaw return to its shape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet resolved her reverent bow with a grumble and a tsk of her tongue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have perverted your flesh, Lord Greskal of the Greskalun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She heaped ridicule upon the name, but the putrid king only laughed. And what a laugh; it sent a shudder through his whole bloated body while his mad, blooddripped grin bent reality before it burped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poison your mind with names,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Chain your Sparks to your bodies with naaames. I am more than any name can bear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 look at me! Feast your eyeeeeessss!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He leaned forward even further, so that his tiny upper half was grandly framed against the great wall of flesh he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d become. Mandri suspected that somewhere under the calloused flabs of skin on the floor were legs, but he doubted this demon king could do much more than lean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am no longer Greskal!\u8221\'94 the beast thundered. \u8220\'93I have become becoming itself! Name me, witch: I am the Burshageet!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His voice boomed unnaturally loud, and all gathered were stunned into silence, all save the hag-beetles, who chattered and clicked excitedly, vibrating with their master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think me ugly?\u8221\'94 The Burshageet asked as he grabbed a handful of his own flesh. He pulled it out, stretched it out far beyond the point where the skin should have ripped. That bleb of flesh bulging out his fist appeared to have a mind of its own, for it wriggled like a squealing piglet. It escaped his grasp and snapped back against his body with a satisfying smack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This uglinesss this is the world,\u8221\'94 he said as he caressed the welling redness. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you see? This flesh is the world into which a Spark is thrown, and I have outgrown it! I wear this body as proudly as my crown! These sores announce my virtue. These boils proclaim me divine. OHHhhhh, if you had the sight to see beyond both beauty and beauty\u8217\'92s spoil, you would see what it is that I am!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He spread his tiny arms against his magnificence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet heckled him with a bored grunt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your wife,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93should have cut out your heart and given it to a gentler man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A paroxysmal twitch shuddered through the Burshageet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bulk. The kingly part of him curled up in rage. He pointed down at Elrahet and bellowed, \u8220\'93Silence that Spark-ensnaring womb!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A hag beetle dropped from the ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It fell with tremendous speed, shell splitting, revealing a black insectoid spike which stabbed at Elrahet. Elrahet, possessed with uncanny swiftness, deftly stepped aside to watch the beetle crash into the floor. She seemed amused as Pyetle leaped into action and severed the spike from the dying beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twitching body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Burshageet belched his annoyance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Offer yourselves to meeee,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Be joined togetherrr. Know union for once in your miserable lives. Do not fight. Do not struggle. Stressed meat tastes fouler.\u8221\'94 And with the natural grace of a man made king from birth, the Burshageet twirled his scrawny arm, snapped his fingers, then waved his minions onward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sight of these advancing hag beetles caused Mandri to remember his sword. He drew it out, then shuffled beside the nearest Hrkan Vessel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh no you don\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94 the Vessel said, then promptly pushed Mandri away with the butt of his spear. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stumbled back and nearly succumbed to his fears, but was saved by the sight of the admirable Moto running towards him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Behind you!\u8221\'94 Moto shouted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri spun around to discover five black-shelled, needle beetles from Shis scurrying down the golden tree. They were only twenty yards away. Close, but enough time to pray for Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s protection. Mandri spoke no words, it was a stronger prayer than that. When he opened his eyes again, Moto was standing in front of him as the beetles advanced on the floor. They were close enough now that Mandri could see the fine hairs on their arms. He could see the glistening filth glutting up the striations on their shells. He could smell them, Sol, he could }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 smell }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 them; sulfur mixed with smoke and something foul.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first three hag-beetles jumped. Perhaps it was more, Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure because the rush of bodies, limbs, and splitting shells blurred his vision beyond bewilderment. At least two jumped straight at Moto, who ducked away, leaving Mandri suddenly exposed to one of these black clicking balls of death. Before he could raise his sword, Moto pivoted and brought his own blade down on the hag beetle\u8217\'92s back, finding a narrow gap of soft tissue behind the beetle\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This dead beetle, severed head and all, smashed into Mandri and drove him to the ground, bleeding its black blood all over his chest. The chittering head tumbled aside, and rest of the body seized up in a powerful convulsion. One of its human-handfeet slapped Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheek. It had been a long time since Mandri had been slapped like that. It was more of an open handed punch, and it had him seeing stars, a whole galaxy of them. One of these stars was oddly large and uncomfortably close. It appeared to be sitting inside the dead beetle on top of him, fading out from gray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, it was the beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dying Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s slap had shaken loose the god eye sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked back up, and yes, there was a flow of stars up there, beautiful, yes, a river of powdered divinity was pouring into the room. Complete terror split the surface of his vision like the corpse of a mouse in a half-eaten stew, for he realized that stellar stream above was a horde of Sparked demons crawling along the ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A great weight pressed down on his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another demon beetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It clambered atop its dead relative. The weight of them both nearly broke Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ribs, but the burgeon inured him to the pain. He was more concerned with the beetle\u8217\'92s twinkling gray Spark, for an iridescent white string of purpose twirled out of it, and it traced a worrisome curve right over his nose before stretching out of sight. Out of incomprehension came Moto, unwary, his own bright Spark was connected to that dreadful arc of fate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beetle jumped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sudden lurch squeezed a spray of black ooze out of the neck of the dead beetle on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, splattering his face. He wiped at his eyes, blinked through the sting, and rolled out from under the corpse in time to see Moto dodge the leaping beetle\u8217\'92s spike. Moto\u8217\'92s sword followed its own scintillating arc of purpose and tore right through the demon beetle\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri marveled at the carnage. Eight dead beetles lay strewn about. One more was on its back, limbs dislocated, unable to right itself. Moto swung his sword along another guiding thread. His target squirmed against his plunging steel. Its gray Spark dimmed. Its eight legs and many fingers twitched feebly a moment more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to leave!\u8221\'94 Moto yelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was well past the point of agreement. Unfortunately, the god eye burgeon had picked this moment to hollow him out, so instead of sharing his opinion he lay dumb on the floor, unable to focus on anything other than the droning patter of awkward applause as the horde of hag beetles slapped their fleshy hands against stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Underneath that starry host, the Hrks tightened formation. Their white Sparks looked especially bright inside their hrkwhite robes, bright enough attract that tide of silvery eyed beetles. Those demons dropped to the floor, then built themselves up into a wave, and as the wave swelled, white threads poured out of it to crash upon that bristling hide of Hrkan spears. Then, all at once, the beetles leaped, following the arcs of those threads as if pulled along them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri saw each victory and defeat before they occurred. Three white lines ventilated a beetle before the spears themselves actually stabbed. One white line spooled out of another beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spike to stab at the leg of a left-for-dead Vessel, and the bumping white line along the floor foretold how the man would would be dragged into the horde by they back of his head. When this happened, the horror of it was lost behind its inevitability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was chaos. It was predictable. And through the screams and squeals, Mandri wondered how much of the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apparent disorder was actually planned. Then he glimpsed }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram. The giant stood proudly before the Burshageet. No white lines extended out of him, or towards him. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d yet to even lift his spud-bar spear. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t linger on the meaning of these facts for long, for Ayram himself and the battles around him were merely foreground figures for the Burshageet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark was not a star, but a constellation. Shimmering spheres of every size and color were webbed inside the universe that was his stomach. These lights pulsed, merged, split apart, while some burst into sparkling dust before coalescing into radiant threads that stretched out into the world. If this Burshageet were not a god, then he was close enough to it, for what else but a deity could weave new lines of fate and set the world into motion? And lo, did the beast take pleasure in it. The tiny king on top was lost in the throes of some belly-aching fit. His laughter reeked of ecstasy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A moment!\u8221\'94 he called. \u8220\'93We have gifts for allll, if you\u8217\'92ll only wait a moment!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His eyes rolled into white. He punched his body hard enough to knock loose some internal blockage. A cosmic wave rolled under his great bulk. Next came a shudder, then another wave, and another shudder, and finally the constellation inside his stomach was stretched to breaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A glob of red light snapped loose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On his skin, a boil the size of a wagon wheel burst open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The king above coiled up and screamed a scream so horrifying that Solraheen Himself would have wavered. When the next shudder came, the black boil ripped wider, and out poured a great red lizard demon slathered in tar, Sparked, it seemed, by fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Half man, it stood on two legs. Half keenkedrin, it swished and flicked its razored tail. Its black eyes, double lidded, reflected the spectral web of purpose strewn about the room. It straightened up to its full height and discovered its arms, ribboned with muscle. It curled its whip-like back, while its jaw, crammed full of hateful fangs, let loose a purring hiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Steel yourselves!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted, but Mandri\u8217\'92s mind could not piece together fear, much less his bravery. He was all eyes as the red keenkedrin morphed into a great red curve, an actual abstract curve, a brushstroke of blood and teeth drifting in the air. This half-demon-half-abstract shape transposed itself through time and space to appear at once in front of Ayram. Then the beast snapped into being, and it struck out with its long talons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Impossibly, Ayram was faster; A metallic crack rang out as the demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fury was fended by his black iron spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The mutant recoiled, then morphed again into a blurred arc of movement. There were no white lines here, only natural instinct. How Ayram managed to avoid the swipe of its taloned hand a second time was not clear, for not only had the demon blurred, but a sphere of air around it had distorted into an otherworldly haze. Inside that pocket, reality shifted beyond comprehension. Distance, color, light, and shadow were only haphazard guesses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a roar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A whirling tail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A squirt of blood went flying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram rolled backwards out of the bubble. Before he stood again he strafed, but away from what, Mandri did not know, for the giant ducked right back into that demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blurring shroud. And that shroud was expanding. Mandri sighed in awe as the distortion\u8217\'92s advancing edge swallowed Slate and five other Vessels whole, along with hag beetles they were slaughtering. Other Vessels ran into it, then out of it, chasing battle. Severed beetle parts went flying all the way through. Inside, shouts of struggle and pain were clear, but unaccompanied by any apparent action. After a particularly dreadful scream, the muddy bubble\u8217\'92s surface parted briefly, revealing a Hrkan head hollowed out on the floor and a vision of Slate, robes ragged, ribbons of flesh hanging down his side, exposing the yellow fat, the red muscle, and three gleaming white ribs which drowned in blood as he exhaled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t see it, can\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The craggy voice was Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, but it issued from a swirl of glowing yarn which stood beside him.  Unbothered by conflict. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That newborn will become a core-collapsing wonder when it matures. One who could sneak up on Solraheen.\u8221\'94 She was Watching. Dark eyes peeping through the interstital fabric. \u8220\'93Never me, though. Never me. No, never me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Threads moving to match her gaze, so that whereever she looked it was to turn to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you feel?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could only utter a moan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chuckle lighlty bounced the threads .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d drawn her blade. That thin, curved strip of Black was stuck in Mandri\u8217\'92s mind like a thorn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand trembled as she held it high. That fabled blade. That slice night. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Watch as she cut through the shimmering threads that surrounded her. The frayed ends of light splayed out into a tufted cloud before falling down upon Mandri like a mist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Clad in her usual black robed, leathery self, Elrahet was smiling. Hers was an easy smile. Mandri felt like he could almost see a young woman hiding in those aged lines. There was the old woman, too, looking at him like she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d found something that she\u8217\'92d lost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Overhead, there was a commotion. A hag beetled crawling along the chain of one of the burning braziers hanging from the ceiling caused the whole thing to sway. The swinging splay of light and shadow passed over the depths of the cavern, illuminating, briefly, a dark figure crouching near. When the light swung back again it revealed a smallish someone with a Spark so dim that it was barely there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a wiry woman in threadbare robes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And more, a single white thread of fate, or desire, or instinct trailed out from Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s long knife, attaching itself to Elrahet\u8217\'92s unwary back. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri made to shout, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He tried to warn Elrahet with a mighty glare. Seeing this, the witch placed a cold hand upon on his cheek. The chill of her touch hit his skin and he forgot about everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She folded him into her spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He tried to pull back, but she forced him into her eyes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Iron-red scleral veins pulsed through her rusted whites.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her dark irises blackened, and he fell into them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His world went black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The arc of his emotions was. First, there was , as there was a battle raging. Time past and he was still there, stuffed with black. Imagined his limp body being ravaged by that horde of hag beetles. More time past, and he began to believe to why he was still alive. That the demons must have no thirst for him, as he had no Spark to steal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was a chair. A newly built chair.  Time must be passing. How else could his thoughts string words together to think?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then, suddenly, a speck of white popped and exploded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He found himself back in his own skin. He was laying on a bed of spangled ferns.  The world around him, a green, palmy paradise. And there she was. Young. Naked. Next to him. Legs intertwined. She smothered him with sacred wet-breast groans. She let him taste the joy of being human. He found himself wanting to be whatever she wanted him to be. It was a moment of inexpressible clarity. Then a yielding to kaleidoscopic symmetries. Old Jandri patterns. Sawtooth  swirled around her irises, and he stared into them for another eternity before the whole world dissolved into paint on the pad of a finger ten-hundred millennia ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All this ancient history drained into a wash of blue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All blue shifted into a vast and windswept sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All sky tessellated into cells with glowing boundaries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These cells pulsed, convulsed, then unfurled into a wall of painted eyes with corners folding backwards into oblivion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then came a deleting flush of white.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was thrown from the hallucination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now, he was back in the swaying dark of Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly. Elrahet was in front of him, black robed, glassy eyed, and sighing. Seb stood behind her, drooling borcandi juice as she pulled a bloody blade out of Elrahet\u8217\'92s back. When Mandri blinked, she was gone, leaving him to clutch at Elrahet\u8217\'92s collapsing body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He caught the old witch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders and helped her down. He fumbled with her fluffy robes to try and comfort her, but knew it was useless; Seb\u8217\'92s blade had ruined her. Pain was her world now as her blood drained out onto the floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Then he saw her stomach. Her golden Spark had been exposed by the passage of Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knife. A thread of purpose sprouted out of it, thin and delicate, almost invisible. Curiously, it stretched and tethered itself to his tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unaware of what he was doing, he set his lips to her wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sucked her Spark into his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At once, he was filled with excitement. Pure joy sloshed atop his tongue and the urge to swallow was overwhelming. Somehow, he knew this was not what he was supposed to do, not yet. The Spark had something to say to him, or he to it. Some old invocation must be uttered before it could take up residence inside him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It said, or he said, or maybe it was Elrahet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something said that life is a terror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That was it said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It said that life kills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Life eats the body to fuel the Spark. The Spark moves the flesh to kill, and eat, and grow, all so that there is more of more, more of the body to consume. Yes, life kills, and it eats what it kills, and for some reason, people fear death. Why fear death when Life was the one with an insatiable stomach? Why are we not horrified of our very nature? Why do we fear to lose it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Spark in his mouth twinged. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It sniffed sustenance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It crept down the back of his tongue like a drip of sick, then began to wander around his throat like a worm. It crept down, and down, feeling him out, until at last it opened the sphincter of his stomach. Only then did he swallow, and when he did, Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shimmering Spark became his own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His stomach spasmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Warmth hummed under his skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Blood surged in his wrists, hissed behind his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His chest expanded to receive an ecstatic breath, and his whole being inflated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Blessed thirst withered his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Terrible hunger wrecked him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tears welled up, much welcomed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His tongue cramped up as something ancient stirred in his throat, and as casually as the sun defeats the night, he opened his mouth and shot a golden beam of Mazidfire into the world. He swiped it in a downwards arc, and all at once twelve hag beetles were cut in half. Even as they sizzled and squirmed, his flame ripped through the bubbling shroud of the keenkedrin beast. Faster than the demon could scream, its torso was cut in two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Burshageet unleashed a dreadful roar as children were sensibly slaughtered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93AIIIEEEEEEEEEGHHhhhhghghh!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri let loose a powerful bolt of purging fire at this god-eater, but the flame merely splashed against its mound of flesh, leaving only a blister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Burshageet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s roar trailed into a tickled laugh, but Mandri resummoned his flame. This time he held it steady, such that his throat heated up to incandescence. He channeled this heat until it burst through one of the demon\u8217\'92s great sores and tore into the stomach, sending sputtering blobs of super-heated bile splashing out. Up above, a spray of steam blew out of the putrid king\u8217\'92s throat. When Mandri finished, the beast slumped down and melted into a simmering puddle of its own black spoil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Burshageet was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The many hag beetles still alive shut their shells and went clapping back into the darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  sword clattered to the ground. Mandri feared the worst, but the man was merely exhausted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Hrks did not fare so well. Mounds of broken men and beetle filth slicked the floor. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those still alive regarded Mandri with wonder, though he could not escape the sense that they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t looking at him, but at something just over his shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned and was stunned to see a giant standing over him; a giant with a bread loaf beard\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram. And at his side, Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri immediately understood that Ayram had escaped to fetch her, to reinvest Mandri with her will that they might have a fighting chance. Only, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come too late.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri smiled, because he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done it; he\u8217\'92d killed the Burshageet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram frowned. His great spear slipped from his grip and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 struck the stone with a sickening thud. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He did not look at the dead Burshageet, or even Mandri. His eyes, his grief, was fixed on Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body, and his voice, when it came, cracked like thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What have you done?\u8221\'94}}