{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 --}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its black eyes, double lidded, reflected the spectral web of purpose strewn about the room}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hunger is put in Mandri in the first}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Keenkedrin - Burshageet}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Edge of desperation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unnerving}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Addled}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Exploded}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shuffling }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unbothered }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unwary.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God-eye}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God eye??}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Fineries of the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Communal living quarters, a dormitory, refectory, and library, individual cells, and spaces for study, kitchens, animal sheds for lay servants.}
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  She forced him to lock eyes, and as she searched him, he found himself wanting to be whatever she wanted him to be.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the deformity worsens, pits, nodules, fissures, lobulations, and pedunculation contort the nose }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Ventilate him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Drawing the constellation}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Make it more obvious that Elrahet is channeling victory here???}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  And that shape was still growing. A heaving burst of expansion sized it up enough to swallow Ayram a second time, and then it quivered before expanding again,}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 es, that cloud had an invisible surface which the vapors appeared to adhere to.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before the fatal blow was struck, the image froze.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the world around that sphere was a tumult of frenzied, hacking limbs, but through that eyelet on the sphere\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s surface, Mandri saw a snarling demon stuck in the air, mid-leap, its nictitated eye fixed on Slate\u8217\'92s throat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sighed in awe. He was seeing, or thought he saw, into the fundamental of the universe. Then, suddenly, the image of Slate and the demon split, and reflected down the middle.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the next instant, the sphere resealed itself, leaving Mandri to stare in wonder at the ethereal swirl of light and shadow playing on the sphere\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s surface.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The torpor of Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind rendered him unable to interpret Seb\u8217\'92s intentions, }}