{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Story:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The narrative POV switch is confusing. My experience went as such: From the very beginning, I was wondering why, if the narration was close enough to the homeowner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts, why it did not use her name. Refusing to provide a name for the homeowner felt like an artifice setting up a reveal, a bit tacky, but so long as there is a reveal, I can sit through awkward tags like:\line \line >\u8220\'93Cheers!\u8221\'94 the homeowner\u8217\'92s best friend called out\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The fact the name of the character we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re following isn\u8217\'92t given is interesting. Again, I\u8217\'92m expecting a reveal of some kind, specifically expecting that this is all somebody watching her. That reveal comes with the introduction of the \u8220\'93I\u8221\'94 in \u8220\'93Last year, I walked by this house\u8221\'94. And now at this point I\u8217\'92m thinking that the \u8220\'93I\u8221\'94 is a ghost haunting the house. Because that would make some sense; they might not know the homeowner\u8217\'92s name, or refuse to use it, and they were at the party, and at the carpet tear-up, and might even know her thoughts and feelings. However, it quickly becomes clear that the \u8220\'93I\u8221\'94 is a regular old person, and this is an abrupt narrative switch, and so I\u8217\'92m very confused as to what in the hell is going on. I think the nail in the coffin of the confusion is the \u8220\'93Nobody should leave a job half-finished\u8221\'94 repetition. When it occurs at the end, it\u8217\'92s clearly a product of the \u8220\'93I\u8221\'94 individual, so, why does it occur in the beginning, during the carpet tear up? Do he and the new homeowner have identical points of view? Is this setting up a relationship? It\u8217\'92s just not clear, and I don\u8217\'92t feel there\u8217\'92s enough justification for the \u8216\'91close to the new homeowner\u8217\'92s thoughts, but so distant as to keep referring to her as \u8216\'91the new homeowner\u8217\'92\u8217\'92.  A phrase like \u8220\'93the new homeowner\u8221\'94 is what the second narrative voice would call her; that\u8217\'92s not how she would view herself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Is the man being observed through the window at the party the same as the first person narrator that comes later? Is the narrator\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grandfather?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Unfortunately, I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t provide any suggestions for making a narrative switch like this work. I\u8217\'92m sure its possible. Personally, I would just keep it simple, have one narrative perspective and stick to their experiences. You can still do interesting things in terms of withholding the reveal of that narrative voice. I\u8217\'92m reminded of Hemingway\u8217\'92s short story, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A Canary For One, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 which, I think, is doing something very, very similar to what you are trying to do, and is very successful at doing it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Prose:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The prose is decent, but not confident in itself. Some examples of offending parts in bold:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The neighbourhood }{\f0\fs24\b1 seemed}{\f0\fs24\b0  old and somewhat rundown\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93yet still,}{\f0\fs24\b0  she could see ivy stretching\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \~\tab }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,}{\f3\fs20\b0\i0  this neighbourhood had potential,\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \tab }{\f4\fs20\b1\i0 \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Still,}{\f3\fs20\b0\i0  t}{\f0\fs24\b0 he issue with new beginnings}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {When I find myself writing these things, I take it as a sign }{\f0\fs24\b0 of a lack of confidence in communicating what I meant to. So, I delete them, and see if the meaning holds. If it does, great, if not, I need to revisit the idea and clarify. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So, the following passage}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >The neighbourhood seemed old and somewhat rundown. Squat bungalows lined the streets with ugly square windows that peered out at her like a dozen pairs of beady eyes; yet still, she could see ivy stretching its nimble hands up the brick walls of some of these bungalows, and so she knew these houses had something beautiful about them too. Yes, this neighbourhood had potential, and someone just needed to bring it out.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Becomes}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>}{\f0\fs24\b0 The neighbourhood was old and somewhat rundown. Squat bungalows lined the streets with ugly square windows that peered out at her like a dozen pairs of beady eyes. Ivy stretched its nimble hands up the brick walls of some of these bungalows. Those vines weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite thick enough with leaves to add a sense of charm, but it was close. This neighbourhood had potential, and someone just needed to bring it out.}{ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a small difference, but over the course of the story it becomes a big one. I would also put a bit more effort into refining the description of the bungalows (and elsewhere), as it feels a bit undercooked. To my mind\u8217\'92s eye, square windows don\u8217\'92t convey a sense of beady eyes. And those square windows are ugly, sure, but why are they ugly? Do their proportions clash with the squatness of the bungalows? What you\u8217\'92ve written works on a basic level, but ya know, everything can always be better. Try and push it further.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And this might be a personal bugbear of mine, but I sort of despise the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91had\u8217\'92. As a verb, sure, its fine (\u8220\'93The neighborhood had potential\u8221\'94) but as an auxiliary verb marking past perfect (\u8216\'91The floorboards had never looked so clean\u8221\'94)\u8230\'85get me out. Unless its absolutely critical that we need to establish a past state as existing before a different past state, jettison the \u8216\'91had\u8217\'92 (imo).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Final thoughts:}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line \line While the structure is a bit confused, I think the story itself has great potential. I really like the overall mood. }
\par\plain }