{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 <<<<<<< HEAD}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Problem: mandri is just kind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve wtf.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri goes out into the desert. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dies on the road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Body found.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brought to surgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cant do anything. Maybe elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet is like, not now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab But what does it mean???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet is like, doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mean shit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stay out of sight. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surely he can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see us from that distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mazydei have eyes of a hawk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surely thats just rumor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arrow for ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What if it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It worked before.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambush happens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arrows flying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram knocks his arrow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doesnt work. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet stabs nearby dude, uses bloodbomb. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yuge  midair explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shockwave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Little pillar that is the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body. Everything else is exploded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crater in the earth. Blows out the foot of the cliff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cliff falls down?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Runs down. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The aftermath.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Body is different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Got to get out of here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What of the boy? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is his spark salvagable?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bring him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What about the boy?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bring him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next chapter Mandrameen wakes up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sees the five of them huddled around the body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hand burst out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Incredible! Heart is a hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Watches them intently.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moment of realization as they see he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s awake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gonna be one hell of a sight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he wakes up in the cell with a prisoner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moment of realization as this prisoner is the person they were operating on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the nest is approached, the femal, like other towhees, dros straight to the ground and runs away in mouse-like fashion, probably as a distraction. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The blackbird family is hard to characterize because it includes such diverse types, orioles, meadowlarks, grackles, cowbirds nad others. Most birds of this family have at least some black in the plumage, and their other colors run to warmer tones, such as yellow, brown, and orange. Sharply pointed bills. Most are more ore less omnivorous. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Orioles in general are treetop birds, moving methodically through the foliage in search of insects, often stopping at flower sto add some nectar to their diet. =======}{\f1\fs36\b1\i0 AMBUSH<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen is artist shitter wandering the desert looking to die, running away from father abuse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brief meeting with Pyetle on the road who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s picked some east-slope mushrooms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen continues on. Dies down on the road.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Body discovered on the road by bandits as they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re setting up their ambush. They\u8217\'92re like, too big of a coincidence to be a coincidence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take the body up to Elrahet. Massages the boy back to life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Decide to go through with ambush.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambush happens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -arrows fly, Elrahet casts blood bomb. Blows up Mage. Elrahet walks over to see mage with hand instead of a heart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Problems:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Recognition of Mandrameen as Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s son.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Decide to go through with the ambush despite the oddness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Introduction of Ayram. - needs to be epic. Ayram is off to the side meditating like an anime character.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>PYETLE<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle, former great artist, goes to kill Salavan Saran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tussle happens, Salavan gets the better of Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet and Ayram show up and interrogate Salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - You lead us into a trap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - She wants to know wtf is this mage dude with a hand instead of a heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Salavan is like good, you killed him then. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - reveals hints of cult links, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet, Ayram, and hill take pyetle and flee down into the underworld.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -Salavan is shown to be a psychotic character. Gets pleasure from seeing Pyetle squeal. Need an interesting way for a hint of his groups plans to be revealed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Problems: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - the explicit goals of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Sol\u8217\'92s chosen\u8217\'92 - they set up the ambush because they want to draw Hrk into Jandria. How does that accelerate Hrk\u8217\'92s collapse?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>SECULLA<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grain incident involving Seculla. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a tankie. Leader of the people. Kills grain dude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - ends on}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Problems:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab How to transition from the grain incident to the secret society meeting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Part ?:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chosen meeting where Seculla learns that it was this group that had the man killed. She\u8217\'92s like wtf, why didn\u8217\'92t you tell me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Group is like, we didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t tell you because we needed you blameless in case things went wrong. Now that it\u8217\'92s all worked out, we need to you to call for war. You\u8217\'92re the best at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OR - we want you to go to jail. Peer pressure. Maybe they threaten her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla gets the sense that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re playing her. They don\u8217\'92t get that she\u8217\'92s a psychopath.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Problems:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Related to way of white\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s goals.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Meeting of the Plenty. Man comes out, fingers Seculla. gets betrayed, called out by the fellow member of the way of white. Blamed for the disappearance of the mazydei. They think if Seculla is jailed or punished that will instigate the rebellion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Problem: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How to resolve this in a way that just doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t drop the whole \u8216\'91march of the people\u8217\'92 message, and also get her on the road.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BIG problem:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need to get Seculla into jandri to free Sol.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Elrahet and Bandits Flee<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet interrogates mazydei. Sees in him some capacity for great destruction. Perhaps the ability to destroy Sol. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet has gained some manner of control over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the pit cave, the mage hunter commandos pop up and are about to wipe them all out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Problem:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet, obviously wants to see if boy can blow up the God.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >>>>>>> 1fc25498247281b392a48152c5b80d42fc501e7f}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb and gugi find body}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take it to ayram/elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wakes up next to mazyd}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd gets interrogated}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambushed by shade}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd kills shade}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Says lets make a deal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram still wary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Disagreement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They flee to minting rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pickup mendicant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do battle - getting fucked up. Ohhh shit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Decide to lick wounds at salavans - try to get full control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pytele}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan drags pyetle down to dungeon. Another dude there tortured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kills salavan}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram and co run in, out of breath, out of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck, salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Open cellar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surgeon is in there, chained and tortured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle observes crazy scenes of heart inside dude\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Floating up-coast. Cant stay on here long. Plan is to go circle round the long way to jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can get lost in the marshy mouth of the river, cant stay river proper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Set out into the desert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some EPIC cosmos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ruins. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See all those humps\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cannibal sect. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get captured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sent to ruins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Escape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Down into ruins. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet knows the way. This will actually get us there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get to solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Accidentally free him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NEED some better way to show the scale of civilization of HRK. Absolutley massive. Insert somewhere or everywhere. Ithnside the crater city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t show the scale until the final scene. The apocalypse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The golden rule is do unto others as you would have them do unto you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silver rule is do whatever I tell you to do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}