{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Antifreeze Glycoproteins (AFGPs) in Antarctic fish}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gain Framing:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Trypsinogen gene was duplicated, one copy mutated, thus allowing the production of a repetitive glycoprotein that could }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 bind to ice crystals and inhibit their growth, thus allowing the fish to survive in subzero waters. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Loss framing: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The active Trypsinogen gen was disrupted, thus resulting in }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 a loss in}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  protease activity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Many here are probably aware of antifreeze glycoproteins (AFGPs) in Antarctic fish. [The basic story](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.pnas.org/doi/10.1073/pnas.94.8.3811"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.pnas.org/doi/10.1073/pnas.94.8.3811}}{)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  is that a Trypsinogen gene was duplicated, one copy mutated, thus allowing the production of a repetitive glycoprotein that could bind to ice crystals and inhibit their growth, thus allowing the fish to survive in subzero waters. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A couple of years ago, /u/Call_me_Emo1 [detailed](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateEvolution/comments/hpte0r/gene_duplication_concerns_with_caseys_calculations"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.reddit.com/r/DebateEvolution/comments/hpte0r/gene_duplication_concerns_with_caseys_calculations}}{/)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Casey Luskin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s [attempt](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://evolutionnews.org/2011/01/a_fishy_story_about_antifreeze"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://evolutionnews.org/2011/01/a_fishy_story_about_antifreeze}}{/)}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to disprove the possibility of a very similar process regarding the evolution of AFPIII in an unrelated species of antarctic fish. The long and short of it is, the Luskin made the common error of assuming that mutations }{\f0\fs24\b0 must happen serially rather than in parallel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Luskin wrote [elsewhere](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://evolutionnews.org/2010/02/assessing_the_ncses_citation_b"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://evolutionnews.org/2010/02/assessing_the_ncses_citation_b}}{/)}{\f0\fs24\b0  his thoughts regarding the apparent [convergent evolution of AFGPs](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC20524). He writes, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >These papers base their claims of evolution purely upon circumstantial evidence\endash comparisons of sequence similarity\endash and then tell a tale of deletion, reshuffling, and amplification. Explanation of these genes by \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93cobbling\u8221\'94 via \u8220\'93[d]uplication, divergence, and exon shuffling\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 de novo}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 recruitment of non-coding sequences does not account for how such a complex gene could actually originate. This story does not address how the complex many-proteins-in-one nature of these proteins evolved, nor was any consideration given the odds of spontaneously producing this functional gene. Nor have these investigators explained the highly unlikely event that two species would independently evolve highly similar antifreeze proteins.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 >The antifreeze proteins are highly repetitive, and may have less specified complexity than most proteins. Nonetheless, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no real evidence for neo-Darwinian evolution here, only sequence comparisons and a lot of missing details.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 This was written all the way back in 2010. Unfortunately for Luskin, Science advances. Last year, a [ paper](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11403476"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11403476}}{/) was published which hones in on three important facts:}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {1.) }{\f0\fs24\b0 Antarctic notothenioid AFGP genes have been shown to originate from a pancreatic trypsinogen, Arctic cod AFGP genes share no sequence identity with the trypsinogen gene, indicating trypsinogen is not the progenitor. (Here luskin sees }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 2.) The AFGP genes of the two fish have different intron\endash exon organizations and different spacer sequences and, thus, different processing of the polyprotein precursors, consistent with separate genomic origins.}{ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) }{\f0\fs24\b0 The repetitive AFGP tripeptide (Thr-Ala/Pro-Ala) coding sequences are drastically different in the two groups of genes, suggesting that they arose from duplications of two distinct, short ancestral sequences.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I want to draw attention to that final point: t}{wo different gene groups, each derived from a distinct ancestral sequence, independently evolved to produce the same antifreeze tripeptide repeat, despite having very different underlying DNA sequences. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}