{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Great Soldgi Erg is a sea of sand that scours the eastern rib of the Jandrian continent, and people who grow up within sight of it grow up with the story of how those dunes came to be. Every time the story is told some details are added, some forgotten, and sometimes even the heart of it will change. The only thing that everyone agrees upon is that a god named Sol made those mountains of sand a long time ago, back when he walked the earth alone, and that is why it is called the Great Soldgi Erg. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s was what was on Pyetle\u8217\'92s mind as he and the scribe Soreel lounged in his field, drinking his brew. When he asked Soreel if she believed the story about how the Erg was made, she could only scratch her head and ask, \u8220\'93Which story do you mean?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She gave a little half-sipped, absent sigh as she said it, the kind of sigh that you give when someone drunker-than-you starts to feel like they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re making sense of things. Soreel wanted to laze the day away in silence, wanted to drink Pyetle\u8217\'92s brew in silence, wanted to enjoy the cool Istil wind from the shade of a fat cedar tree in silence. She wanted to keep to her plan: waste time out in Pyetle\u8217\'92s field until the sun started to set, and then she would do what she came here to do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t drink too much because it was past midday and if she fell asleep she might not wake up until night. Already she could feel her head swirling and her eyelids slouching, intent on doing as little work as she was. The sun bearing down on the barren field all around wasn\u8217\'92t helping things. The glare was so bright that she could naught but squint, and that was near enough to having them closed that her buzzing brain had trouble marking the difference.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t anything to look at either. Pyetle\u8217\'92s farm was twelve thousand square metres of wasteland. There was once a time when it boasted a harvest of legumes - soy, redbean and the like - but when salt started to show on the surface Pyetle was forced to plant barley. Nowadays the land was so salt-ridden that it looked like a sweat-stained shirt, and the only thing that would grow for miles around was the cedar tree under which they sat. The only thing that moved were the flies that buzzed around the ox\u8217\'92s ringed snout. Soreel distracted herself from sleep by watching them as the ox would snore and blow them out of his nose, and then they would fly back in to lick at the only source of moisture they could find amidst this desolation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m talking about the story that says it was all an accident,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the story I like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soreel stifled a groan and humored Pyetle by looking towards where he was pointing. There the distant southern horizon was rimmed by a hazy red blur of mounding sand; the Great Soldgi Erg.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the first story about Solraheen I can remember. I must have been about\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85 four when I first heard it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That would be why,\u8221\'94 Soreel muttered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I haven\u8217\'92t heard it. If you heard it when you were four. That was a long time ago. By the time I got around to being me I bet that story had been forgotten.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No it hasn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Clearly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle smiled. He had a gummy smile which cradled a few precious teeth. Soreel knew he wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t as old as he looked because he looked as old as the gnarled tree against which he sat. He was only fifty-two, but with how lined and leathered his skin was, how white his scraggled beard, he seemed seventy, or even eighty. His color was just like a Jandri slave\u8217\'92s - dark and dirty umber everywhere but the top of his bald olive head which had been spared from the sun by his straw hat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soreel hated how Pyetle was always smiling. He always smiled when he was drunk. He was a lively drunk. In fact the drunker he got the more intelligible he got because when he was sober he mumbled. There was always a point where he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d have too much and the spittle would start to run down his chin but he rarely ever got there. He was old and skinny but he could hold his drink.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could feel Soreel looking at him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He asked her,\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93 Do you want to know how the story goes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, not really.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well the story goes that Sol wanted to build a garden to cover all the land.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soreel closed her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t interrupt me when I\u8217\'92m telling it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle took another swig of his beer, and then he continued on.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen planted a stick in the ground just south of here to mark one of the garden\u8217\'92s six corners.\u8221\'94 Pyetle pointed towards the Soldgi Erg. \u8220\'93He then left to Sol-knows-where to measure out the rest of it. Well, that stake in the ground, that was the accident.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soreel looked and saw the Pyetle had a twig in his hand. He was poking it into hard, dry earth next to his hip.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sol planted that stake in the ground and then he left. Then in a few days a little\u8230\'85*hic*\u8230\'85 a little embryo of a sand dune built up in that stick\u8217\'92s lee.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle built up a little hump of dirt to the side of his own stick to demonstrate. Soreel wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t watching but Pyetle didn\u8217\'92t notice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93See it was all by accident. By accident Sol }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 happened}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to put his stick in }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 just}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  the right spot, and it was left alone for just long enough, that the wind built that little hump of sand higher and higher. It grew wide and tall and in no time at all the first sand dune was born.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At that he rubbed out his own little fledgling dune.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93By accident?\u8221\'94 Soreel asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93An accident. Sure. Why not? You can\u8217\'92t tell me that Solraheen }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 meant}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to turn good black earth into a mountain of sand. And that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s what happened. While Sol was off wandering in the middle of Sol-knows-where, shaping rivers, mountains, and fields and whatnot, that little dune got large enough to sustain itself. Large enough to not be blown away by the first squall or rainstorm. Then years passed and the Istil wind\u8230\'85 or one of the winds stretched that dune south and east all the way to the southern tip of Corin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about all the other dunes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, see, that first dune grew tall, so tall that it rippled the wind and created a kind of nursery for neat little rows of dunes behind it. Those littler dunes would grow and grow. Soon they covered the land in all directions. And so them dunes over there came to be. The Great Soldgi Erg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s how it happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you don\u8217\'92t believe it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hard to believe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You could say it gets harder. Because we have to say that Solraheen not only made a mistake, but he gave up. See the earth over there was once spongy and black. It was good earth. Not like this salty shit that I\u8217\'92ve got. Then the good lord stuck his stick in the ground and then - boom - sand. Cleaning it all up was such a task that He just up and left. Decided not to do it. He gave up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not what happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? Were you there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen knows the winds. He knows the appetite of the sand. He made them. Everyone knows that he pulled the Erg up from the earth. The Soldgi Erg }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  the garden.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle spat a little spittle onto the ground. The earth was so dry and caked by the sun, as hard as fired clay, that the spit just lingered there on the surface. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You sound just like one of Sol\u8217\'92s itinerants,\u8221\'94 he said. He then stood up and assumed a pose in mock imitation of those traveling preachers. He kept his chin up, kept his back stiff as a board, and then stretched his hand out to the heavens. He began to preach in kind, voice inflected with grandeur as if addressing an unbeliever.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93See how Solraheen\u8217\'92s golden light shimmers across Sand. A sweet smelling rose or a pink-petaled poppy would only blemish such beauty.\u8221\'94}}