{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They night\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s march was dull. Time passed slowly. It was the comedown from the insanity of the days events. The rubble of Minting Rock had long since disappeared, and for two hands of walking there was nothing but flat sand. It wasn\u8217\'92t until morning rolled in that a new feature of the desert revealed itself; was a clump of bluish hills obscured by haze. Those hills in the east, Moteah remarked, were called the Dune Hills. Mandri asked why they weren\u8217\'92t simply called dunes, and Moteah said because they weren\u8217\'92t dunes. She added that, at a pilgrim\u8217\'92s pace, it\u8217\'92d be a whole day\u8217\'92s journey to reach them. The Ayramun did not march at a pilgrim\u8217\'92s pace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb charged ahead in front of them all with the grim determination of a woman who wanted it all over with as soon as possible. No doubt the burgeons had worn off. She never talked, and she never looked up from the spot of ground a few feet in front of her. She simply marched. When everyone else took a pause to water, she did not stop. Soon she was a few miles ahead, a brown poke sticking out of a sea of sand and twisting heat. She never once looked back, and nobody called out for her to slow down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Far behind her was Ayram. Giant Ayram, his pack seemed too big even for him. Mandri could only see him from the knees down. His iron spear thupped the earth, metering out the miles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Close on his heels, like an eager pup, was Moto. Moto had come out of Minting Rock as if he were never there. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d taken pause to beat the dust out of his bright orange robe. And his pack was much smaller. Mandri could see his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few yards off Moto was Mandri. He took two steps for every one of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and every one of these steps was a struggle. It wasn\u8217\'92t so much the wound in his thigh as it was the general soreness. His legs still hadn\u8217\'92t recovered from being dead, and a whole night of hard walking had been rough. He tried to distract himself from the ache by listening in on Ayram and Moto\u8217\'92s conversations. Moto had ideas about capturing another Mazidariga after it had sucked out Mandri\u8217\'92s breath, thinking the Hrks wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to track Mandri if he were essentially dead. If they didn\u8217\'92t have to worry about being tracked, they could easily evade the Hrkan net, and then, at the opportune time, they could bring back Mandri\u8217\'92s breath and fight the Amalgamete. Moto was throwing the full force of his hands and shoulders into his grand plan. Ayram only ever grunted. Moto suggested that they should try another Minting Rock, and that sent an itch up Ayram\u8217\'92s spine. The giant readjusted his pack, sending the web of rope that held it all together creakling under the strain. Moto took this as a clear no.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah and Elrahet formed the rear. The younger woman was making sure that old Elrahet didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fall behind, though Elrahet didn\u8217\'92t look like she needed help. She had set off from Minting Rock at a steady pace and had never wavered. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She has desert legs,\u8221\'94 is what Moto said when Mandri asked about it. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t know what \u8216\'91desert legs\u8217\'92 meant until that afternoon, after they\u8217\'92d crossed a good distance and the red sand gave way to a softer, deeper pink sand. His foot would sink with every step, and that set his calves to burning. He wanted to stop walking, sit down, and massage the muscles, but how could he when Elrahet would pass him by? Every time he glanced behind, Elrahet was there, a waddling blotch of black rags propped up by her cane, threatening to make him look a weakling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a weakling. He knew it, everyone knew it, so he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know why he was soldiering through it. And it\u8217\'92d be at least three more days of this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 three more days of this pack screwing a knot into his lower back. And because Mandri\u8217\'92s shrugging muscles were nothing but gormless strips lounging atop his shoulders, the pack\u8217\'92s thin straps bit right down to bruise the collarbones. Mandri kept trying to shift the straps around, to try and distribute the pain, but after a while, every spot along his shoulders was tender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol, this hurts,\u8221\'94 he moaned. By now he\u8217\'92d used up every joint in his fingers to take the weight of the straps, and every fingernail was throbbing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll find your legs in a couple of days,\u8221\'94 Moto said over the annoying rattle of his pack. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re almost to the hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Dune Hills loomed large a few hundred yards away. Mandri was worried Ayram wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop when they got there. The day\u8217\'92s heat was becoming unreasonable, and he supposed Ayram would want to squeeze effort out of every finger. Seb had already crested one hill and disappeared behind it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if they were meant to stop, surely she\u8217\'92d wait at the peak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It turned out that the Dune Hills were aptly named\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half clay and rock, and half sand. They weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sandy enough to be considered full-fledged dunes, but there was too much sand whipping about to not consider them such. They were steep, the tallest ones were a good four times Ayram\u8217\'92s height, and their pink slopes were pocked by smooth black boulders that looked like they were bleeding streaks of rust onto the slopes. There wasn\u8217\'92t a single sign of life anywhere, plant or animal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri struggled up and over the first hill, but after that it was fine. There were plenty of gaps and valleys which Ayram seemed to know. To Mandri it was a confusing web in which every slip face looked exactly like every other, and all of it looked ready to collapse down on him if the earth were to give the slightest shiver. Ayram, confident as ever, led them through this maze until they came upon a shallow, sandy pan. In the center of this clearing was the smallest temple in all existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the quaintest thing; a single circular hut with sand-blasted walls of sandstone bricks. It had a domed roof of baked clay, and set atop its center was a vertical pole of petrified wood, tipped by a coronal splay of twigs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an Old Jandri piece which signifies a sacred place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be enough room inside for all of them to shelter from the noonday sun. If they tried it would be standing room only, and Ayram\u8217\'92s scalp would be sticking through the ceiling. Still, it was their destination, and as they approached, a swarthy woman popped out of the building\u8217\'92s shadow, bearing a self-satisfied grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Took ya long enough,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram dumped his large pack next to the little temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance, and everyone else did the same. Mandri groaned in ecstasy as his shoulders were relieved of their burden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should keep going,\u8221\'94 Moto said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No one agreed. Elrahet waddled straight into the temple, as did Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re on a good pace,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94 Moto complained. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re hardly a day out from Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m four days out from sleep,\u8221\'94 said the giant. He then picked up his monstrous bag, wrestled it through the temple\u8217\'92s threshold, and ducked in behind it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With Elrahet, Moteah, Ayram, and Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bag stuffed inside, there\u8217\'92d hardly be enough room for more, so Mandri, being considerate, offered the position to himself. He rushed towards the entrance and stuck his head inside, hoping to see an unclaimed bench.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was empty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole place was painted black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the middle of the black brick floor was a hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A perfectly circular hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stepped inside and peered down into it. There below, a firelight flickered into being. Ayram and the others were setting up a camp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What kind of sinful sacristy was this? A black temple? A passage underground?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back and he almost tumbled down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry it up,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Up a hole. Get goin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ground below didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look too far away, about as far as Mandri was tall, so he jumped down. His ankles were the first to realize that the ground was much further away than he imagined. He hit the dirt hard and his legs crumpled against the impact. He fell forward, and the rest of him crashed against the ground like a sack of beets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice came from raining down from above, \u8220\'93Ya know there\u8217\'92s a ladder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was too tired to feel any kind of embarrassment, though that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop Seb from cackling as she descended down to Mandri\u8217\'92s level. When her boots hit the floor, she stood over Mandri and said, \u8220\'93I know exactly what ya need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need to sleep,\u8221\'94 Mandri moaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I took him a few fingers to realize what she was suggesting. By that point, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d already wandered off tot he opposite end of this pear shaped cave, near where the wall opened up into a tunnel which ran farther out than the stick-and-tinder campfire flame could reach. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t care to ask where that tunnel led, all that mattered was that he was tired and there was enough room here to lay down and that there were burgeons nearby. Ayram had already spread himself out, laying against his pack, eyes shut tight, hands clutching his folded arms, snoring like a lion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri maneuvered himself nearer the dark tunnel, nearer Seb. The air was cooler there. He sat down, carefully, and claimed a spot of floor for himself. By the time Moto wandered down the ladder, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d forgotten about the burgeons and was dreaming of demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first thing to wake him was Moteah. She was carving a back scratcher out of a stick. A flake of wood had hit Mandri in the cheek. When she saw Mandri looking, she whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only sixty-something miles to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s about sixty miles until Bullr.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he closed his eyes again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The second thing to awaken him was a giant lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaping mouth. Moteah ordered him to walk right into it, and he did, he no choice. The lizard\u8217\'92s fangs clamped down on his head and he snapped awake in a feverish sweat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No doubt the cause of these nightmares was this accursed temple. Only a death cult would willingly sleep in such a place. Nothing of daylight filtered down into this place. The meager fire had burned itself down to a tumble of coals. All was dark and cold, and yet, Mandri was burning up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sat up and fanned his robe against his tingling skin, and he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lay down again until he made peace with the fact that he wasn\u8217\'92t going to feel better. His legs ached, his back was sore, his shoulders were shredded, and he didn\u8217\'92t know until now how bad his feet had suffered. He unwrapped his shoes to find that his heels were working up blisters. From then on, what sleep he managed to get came in fits and spurts, a few fingers here and there, and then he\u8217\'92d wake up sweating again. This back and forth sent his mind into a state of delirium, such that when Seb whispered out his name he was unsure if it were a dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri? Ya wake?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri opened his eyes and all he saw was a shadow hovering over him. He knew it was Seb from the smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything hurts,\u8221\'94 he groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb leaned nearer still until she was whispering above Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 need}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears perked up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shhhhh. Not so loud.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next thing Mandri knew he was trailing Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s faint footfalls into the darkness of the tunnel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He supposed they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d bumble around a bend or two so they wouldn\u8217\'92t have to whisper as they bit into the burgeons, but Seb kept going, and going, and every now and then they had to stumble down a flight of steps\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 never up, always down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we going?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice sounded strangely close to himself in the darkness, as if he were speaking directly into his own ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got a fire. Up ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri followed Seb around one more turn, then through a rough-hewn hall, and finally, they stepped into a fire-lit room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This room was a dome of natural stone with thin spikes of rock dripping down from the ceiling. In the middle of the floor was a fire, and next to it, there was a chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A blessed chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe his eyes. A skinny, square, blackwood chair with a seat of suspended red cloth and a back to match with a red pillow lounging against an arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was walking towards it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She lay her hand on the skinny armrest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Such a woman did not deserve to sit in such a chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could I sit there?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, hopeful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sat down in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My burgeons, my chair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of the room was empty and chalky white, save for soot staining the ceiling. Mandri sat cross-legged on the floor next to Seb and he huddled close to the fire. It was much colder down here than up above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Already sore?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m past sore. I\u8217\'92m broken.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mind me to share you some spines tomorrow. I got plenty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They help with soreness?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb leaned back in her horrible chair and fished a green thorn out her robe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pocket. She eyed it as if it were a jewel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya chew \u8216\'91em, an it keeps you alert. But it\u8217\'92s more than that. The juice works the bitch right out of ya.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb popped the borcandi spine into her mouth and got to chewing. The first few chomps were accompanied by a horrible crunchy squelch, like she was biting down on a beetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya don\u8217\'92t got the jaw for \u8216\'91em,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Lookit that jaw. Got a little boy\u8217\'92s jaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, my diet consists mostly of burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bet if I made a flute outta your bones it\u8217\'92d sound like a bitch in heat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri would bear any insult if there was a burgeon at the end of it. He sat perfectly still and just stared at the four-stick fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb reached back into her robe. She fished around for a moment, then pulled out a leather pouch. She dangled this pouch around in the firelight. Mandri tried not to look greedy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So. You a burgeon man?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons are the only thing that make life worthwhile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then ya lucky. Cuz lookit what I got here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb reached into the pouch with two dirty fingers to pinched the stem of a burgeon. What she pulled out was stunning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Call it God\u8217\'92s Eye.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was marvelous. It was the most beautiful of all possible burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What a burgeon is, in short, is an intermediate stage between a flower and a fruit. Only burgeon bushes make them, of course. The final fruit looks something like a melted cluster of berries, with seeds dotting every pit. The earlier burgeon stage is a plump capsule of hardened leaves, not too dissimilar to the more familiar flower bud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The best way to grow burgeons is to shield them from the rain and drip-feed them on a careful schedule via irrigation ditch. This stresses the plant, and for some reason, the stress causes it to put out more flowers. The Solitants believe that this is a spiritually significant fact, a clear and direct example of how suffering leads one to bear richer fruit. It was one of creation\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s themes. Consider, too, how the surgeon must first harm in order to heal. Of course, the burgeon bush can\u8217\'92t deal with too much suffering, not to the extent that Solitants might think is good for it. Withhold all the water and the burgeons never bloom at all. The suffering has to be planned far in advance, measured and applied by an experienced torturer. A daily regimen of sufferings, precisely applied, and as Solraheen makes holy men so too can men create plump and juicy burgeons. Seb\u8217\'92s God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons were so plump and so juicy that they surely shared kinship with saints.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92d you find those?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, trying his damnedest not to sound too impressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb let the burgeon roll around in her palm to let the light play on its iridescent exterior; dark purples and blues.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful, ain\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reached out to touch it but Seb quickly clutched it away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t give this shit for free.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have anything to exchange,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to suck your toes or anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? Ya got a dirty mind if ya went there first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was joking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb leaned forward in her chair to wag her finger right at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what they get up to in the cities,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s one sin after the next. One dark Spark corrupts all the others. That\u8217\'92s why people got to keep separate, like in the Sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb relaxed back into her chair and continued to admire the burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are we doing down here?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93Why couldn\u8217\'92t we just eat the burgeons in the light of the sun?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram don\u8217\'92t much appreciate burgeons. Liable to slit our throats if he gets a whiff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. He\u8217\'92d be disappointed, is all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t want to be on Ayram\u8217\'92s bad side.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s only got the one side, an\u8217\'92 lemme tell ya, you on it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded like he understood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93How do ya like ta take ya burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Any way I can get them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb licked her lips like she was prepping to say something mean, but stopped herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93I honestly don't care\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever you want to do to that burgeon, I will consume it. Crushed, boiled, stewed, crumbled in eggs, dripped over bacon, pressed into beer\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If ya had to choose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, one time I made a burgeon tea and boofed it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boofed it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poured it up my\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop,\u8221\'94 Seb\u8217\'92s cried as her face screwed up, no doubt confronting the mental image. Mandri hadn\u8217\'92t ever actually done this, but he loved the way the thought of it tortured Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I thought too until I tried it. You only need, like, a quarter of the usual amount to get the same effect if you boof it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93City folk,\u8221\'94 Seb muttered, disapprovingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Solraheen didn\u8217\'92t put a second mouth inside our butts for no reason. You ever think of it like that? If I were designing human beings, I wouldn\u8217\'92t mix the piping up like that, but it is what it is. It\u8217\'92s like you say, if He didn\u8217\'92t want it to happen, it wouldn\u8217\'92t have happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frown grew ever-deeper. She couldn\u8217\'92t say anything because the logic was structurally sound\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was what it was because of how it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think about it like this,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re still a few days out from Bullr, and how long are those burgeons going to last us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Us?\u8221\'94 Seb asked accusingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, okay, fine, how long will they last you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is God\u8217\'92s Eye, boy. It don\u8217\'92t take much to split open a stomach. Half a sliver off the stem would do it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even if ya accustomed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pulled her long dagger from her waistband.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold out your hand,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A sane person wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give their hand to a grungy, knife-wielding woman in a cave. Mandri, lured by the promise of a God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon, had no choice. He would have given his hand to the fabled Amalgamete for the chance to taste that saintly burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb dropped it onto his palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It rolled around, and then settled onto his fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold still,\u8221\'94 said Seb as she reached down and held the burgeon steady. Her blade cut through the burgeon\u8217\'92s skin as if it weren\u8217\'92t there, and when she pulled away, she pulled the burgeon away, and all that was left in Mandri\u8217\'92s hand was a few dewy drops of a cloudy pale-green sap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb held her blade out. Stuck to its edge was a thin sliver of the burgeon. Mandri peeled it off, and then popped it in his mouth and swallowed it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sap, too,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need encouragement to lick his fingers dry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Seb whipped out a little glass vial, plopped the bleeding burgeon into it, and tucked it away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You aren\u8217\'92t having any?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sometimes, folks get a bad reaction to God\u8217\'92s Eye. It\u8217\'92s best if I play Minder for a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone says that. An\u8217\'92 ya ain\u8217\'92t gotta Spark, so Sol knows what it\u8217\'92s gonna do to ya.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet I\u8217\'92ve consumed more burgeons than any man alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just sit back and watch the fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared at the fire and waited for the burgeonsight to kick in. He was becoming giddy, because maybe a God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon should give him a god\u8217\'92s eye sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long is the misjudgable?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Depends on the person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why it\u8217\'92s called the\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you know, nevermind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They sat together, silent, gazing into the fire. This lasted about a finger, then Seb blurted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I once seen a Hrkan Lord roast a child on a spit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Saw it with my own damn eyes,\u8221\'94 she snarled. \u8220\'93Ran an iron shaft the width of my arm right through the little boy\u8217\'92s throat and\u8230\'85 and\u8230\'85 then two smaller ones to the arms and legs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her cheeks went flush as she talked. If her story weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t true, she\u8217\'92d at least convinced himself that it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would a Lord do that?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who can say why evil does what it do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri paused for a moment and tried to think of few excuses which might complicate the morality of such a tale. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not that he wanted to defend the dignity of the Lordship, he hated them too. He just wanted to argue. But the burgeon juice was working its magic. The fire\u8217\'92s flames were starting to slow right down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He simply said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now hold on,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93Ya do know the Lords are evil, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, sure, they\u8217\'92re evil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, nah, nah. Ya think them freaks is good, don\u8217\'92t you!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lids were getting heavy. He said, speech slurred, \u8220\'93You say you\u8217\'92ve seen some things. I\u8217\'92ve seen other things. I can only really go on what I\u8217\'92ve seen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Them Lords would burn the world if they got tha chance!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t shrug them bones at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, come on, you know what they say\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What they say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s always\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 his thoughts fluttered as the fire\u8217\'92s flames turned from orange to green. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s always two sides to every story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two sides? Ya shittin\u8217\'92 me? TWO sides!? What\u8217\'92s the other side to ten thousand folk gettin\u8217\'92 killed for runnin\u8217\'92 away? Saw a Mazid cut \u8216\'91em right the fuck in half!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ohhh, shit,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered as the world turned around him. He lay back on the ground to try and anchor himself. This had no effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb hovered over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a stright-down evil staring ya in the face, and ya can\u8217\'92t see it \u8216\'91cause of shome jrupin ol rashsifsh agrash suj\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could no longer make sense of Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words. The rock walls were folding around her, stretching past him, and right when he looked beyond at the soot-stained ceiling, he began to fall upwards into it, imperceptibly at first, but soon enough the rock zipped past in herks and jerks, and the black stained features of the ceiling began to congeal into a empty void. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was nothing like burgeon-sight. This was nothing like reality at all. In a blink he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been transformed into what seemed like pure movement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yes, he was nothing but movement, bursting, jolting up and down, no elegant smoothing in and out, no sense of natural timing. He\u8217\'92d been picked up by a god who liked to play with his food.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At this point he was still cognizant. He knew that he was not \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91movement\u8217\'92, that this was all the work of the God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon, and almost as soon as he set his mind to the task of bringing himself back down, he succeeded\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was back in the cavern room, laying on the floor, staring up at that soot-stained ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But that soot was dark, black as night. Black as Fabled Black. And suddenly he was lost again, lost to the grip of the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye, stupefied by the sight of a fibrous purple ooze seeping out of the ceiling black, swirling like ink. As it descended it\u8217\'92s color changed into a deep and suffocating red. It reached down and latched onto Mandri\u8217\'92s stomach, adhering to his skin, for he was now, suddenly, naked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb!?\u8221\'94 he called out, but there was no reply. He looked but there was only an empty chair. He tried to scream but the fibrous red had slithered up his chest and darted into his mouth. Next thing he knew, he was cocooned, and the red color filled his sight like a fog until all edges merged into each other and Mandri could not discern where he ended and the world outside began. He tried to hold focus, he tried to count and breathe, but his inability to do it only magnified the sensation of his mind\u8217\'92s disassembly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beyond this point, Mandri could not construct a coherent sequence of events.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were shapes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Patterns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stasis and metastasis merged into an impossible third mode of being. Reality collapsed. And so, Mandri lay there like a newborn, wide-eyed, an incipient sense-organ with no memory, aware only of his own presence.}}