{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Love can only land if it is looked for. This was the one life lesson which stayed steady across all her years. A love sent must land, or else it wheels about, and like a bird lost at sea it will panic, tire, then drown. The only way to avoid that grief is to never love, but that is difficult to do, so the next best thing is to never send out love unless it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s looked for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait until they\u8217\'92re wanting it\u8221\'94 is what she preached, even if she could not practice it. She was the Impartial Third, and being impartial, quintessentially so, she loved everyone and everything intensely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That nothing loved her back, she could carry. She could. Twenty thousand years of unrequited love, she carried. But to watch generation after generation make the same mistakes, over and over, burning cities, exploiting famines, raping, and she could do nothing about it, and it was getting worse, all while she loved them\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85that grief took its toll. It had her standing at the edge of a barren plateau, contemplating the patterns her skull might make after bursting on the rocks below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of her body would roll into a red rock valley. There, in the dry riverbed, she would join two opposing armies in the sleep of death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those honored sons and daughters had been waiting for her for months. Their implanted banners ran ragged in the desert wind, colors halfway bleached. What had they been fighting about? They couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say, not with gusts of sand piling into their mouths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her weary sigh peeled off into a whimper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She recalled the memory of wildflowers verging that ancient riverbank, endless fields of them. She longed for their aroma, that it might stick to her clothes again, and oh, how she would delight in the excitement every little butterfly and bee. Red-cheeked birds hunted those crazed swarms, and the meat of those birds fed foxes, and all of them, at different stages of life, from womb to carrion corpse, fed lizards. The meat of the lizards fed larger birds, and on the circle went. The Creative First and Destructive Second measured out those threads of fate, and as the Impartial Third, it had been her duty to cut halfway down the difference. Her duty, her shame, because the only things growing on the surface now were lichens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Brown, fuzzy rags, those lichens. Interspersed as they were amongst the broken armies, they soaked up blood, which poisoned them. Too many would die. Their deaths were the first link in a chain of catastrophes which would see their species extinct in less than twenty years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped off the cliff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her white robes clung to her body as she fell. The wind ripped tears from her eyes while the whistling in her ears promised peace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Death would be better for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Assuredly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Better for her, but only her. For those she loved, she needed to see the day through.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She clenched her fists and swerved out of her fall with the power of flight. She zipped through the red rock valley. She followed the course of the fossilizing river through the sweep of carnage. From this height, the dead soldiers looked as if they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d laid down to nap, with limbs gently bent instead of broken, faces buried in the dream that a sacrifice could make a difference. If only they could see the red line of fire which scored the horizon, marking another outbreak of war, burning for days. A roiling cloud of smoke spread out above it, an immensity so great that it could be called a god in its own right, deserving of a name. L}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ightning flashed inside its stomach. On came the distant drum of sequent thunder, and oh, how it subsumed the dreams of the dead below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She bit her lip to keep from weeping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Embarrassed, she wiped her cheek clean from the stain of tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She bit her lip in anger now, because those below were dead, and elsewhere more were dying, and she desired pity for herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her selfishness was appalling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unconscionable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remembering her purpose, she sped towards the setting sun. Far beyond the sprawl of embattled dead, she saw her destination: a stub of table rock trimmed with standing stones. The Creative First and Destructive Second were already there, positioned as far apart as the surface of the stub allowed, about ten yards, which for them was not far enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial Third picked up speed, then swept down to alight upon the stone with a whirlwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative First scowled at her dramatic entrance. As the eldest, the Creative styled herself as the wisest, and her wizened scowl just about described her entire being. In some ancient age she used to smile. The memory of it was buried in the wrinkles under her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Destructive Second did not appear to register the Impartial\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrival. She sat}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  on a drop cloth stool with her back turned to the circle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s center. Her shaved head was aimed at the red line of war which churned the world over. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her white robes were near to slipping off her aged shoulders, and fashioned as they were from transparent silk they left nothing to the imagination, even where the material bunched. It was not seductive, and neither was it meant to be. The Destructive\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dark philosophy was strange and laden with symbols; here, the transparency drew attention to the false boundaries which disguise naked and uncomfortable truths, or something of the sort. The Impartial did not much care for motivations or philosophies, only outcomes, and there was only one outcome when these two were involved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was surprised they bothered to show up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you for coming,\u8221\'94 she said to them both.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scowl deepened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Destructive remained aloof.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not summon you here to honor oaths,\u8221\'94 the Impartial said. \u8220\'93I summoned you here as friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Friends?\u8221\'94 the Destructive said as she stood up and kicked her stool. Instead of clattering against the ground, it blinked out of existence. \u8220\'93I was not aware that we were friends. I\u8217\'92ve lost count of how many times }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  tried to murder me.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She gestured towards the Creative, whose scowl deepened still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prophylactic measures,\u8221\'94 the Creative argued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial raised a pacifying hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not here to arbitrate. I am here to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Little good talk would do,\u8221\'94 the Creative snipped. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 That one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  will never listen. Her god separated her mind from sense a long, long time ago.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 your }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 god is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please,\u8221\'94 the Impartial said gently. She glared at the Destructive to make sure the woman\u8217\'92s insult stayed unspoken. \u8220\'93I do not care if either of you listen to me, but it would be wonderful if you will stand still and be quiet while I speak. If it makes it easier, this will be the last you will ever hear from me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A sudden seriousness gripped both the Creative First and the Destructive Second. They knew she was not one for exaggeration. She always said what she meant. She would soon be leaving them. They looked at her now as if realizing, for the first time, that she had her own internal world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial stared at her feet, trying to remember how she wanted to approach this delicate matter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was the dream,\u8221\'94 she muttered. She then gathered her voice, and said, \u8220\'93I had a dream wherein I discovered how to contain the Divided. I assembled a chorus to chant Their names: Solraheen; Schisol. It sounds absurd, but if you heard the names repeated, each note entering on the finger, each new voice swelling the chord until the wash of noise did shake the earth\u8230\'85such was the echo in the valleys that one and twenty voices blossomed into twelve and thousands.\u8221\'94 She was speaking now to the sky, to the stars beyond it. There was a younger face beneath her wrinkling years. \u8220\'93It did subdue Them,\u8221\'94 she claimed. \u8220\'93For an age of peace, it stilled Their being. There was balance! Then I woke back up into the futility of this nightmare, and I decided then and there to intervene.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Intervene?\u8221\'94 the Creative asked dismissively, clearly doubting the possibility that the Impartial had any real power to stop anyone from doing anything, much less affect the will of the Divided.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial hesitated, then breathed deep to keep herself from getting sidetracked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This world is built upon conflict,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93There are two competing principles: chaos, and stasis. When there is balance between these two, there is beauty. Solraheen and Schisol were once the source of this balance, but Their two tongues have been set against each other. Why? You may say that they have always been set against each other, but it was never as horrible as this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 she swept her hand over the world\u8217\'92s desolation. Her eyes lingered on the fires of war which pillaged the west. \u8220\'93They fight against balance. And so, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  fight against balance. You fight for absolute victory. Tell me, where is the room for me and my title when both of you believe that coexistence is impossible? Then, tell me why you struggle at all if you truly believe in the inevitably of your cause. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no sense in it. It is the behavior of fearful creatures. I am tired of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then die,\u8221\'94 the Destructive said simply, as though dying were a reasonable solution to any and every problem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial bit her lip. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know your hearts are the same as mine,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You are just as tired, and at times, disillusioned. You battle, day after day, only to see every victory and defeat disappear inside another battle. The difference between us, is that you have lost all sense of proportion. You desire an }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 end}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . You crave a battle to finish all battles.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Naturally,\u8221\'94 the Creative said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want more than a battle,\u8221\'94 the Destructive added. She stared down the Creative\u8217\'92s scowl, gave a little scowl of her own, and then an insulting smile. \u8220\'93I want to hold her stomach in my hand. I want to corner her into an eternity of loss, then watch as my triumph sours her dying breath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see how she is!?\u8221\'94 the Creative wailed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you not want the same?\u8221\'94 the Impartial countered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I merely want her dead!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So long as Schisol sustains her, you will never manage that. So, why fight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face screwed up into the only other look she wore: contempt for stupidity. It was near enough to a scowl, the main difference being a subtler narrowing of the eyes. \u8220\'93I fight for the same reason that leaves lap up the sun and the roots sip water\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I play the role that I was given. As do you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not for much longer,\u8221\'94 the Impartial stated. \u8220\'93I have gathered you here to tell you that I aim to kill Them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She paused, expecting incredulity. She heard only silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When They are dead,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93it will be possible for one of you to defeat the other. You desire an end? For my last act as Impartial, you will have it. I do not care which of you wins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative appeared confused, as if she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t properly parsed the Impartial\u8217\'92s meaning. The Destructive smiled a sort of manic smile which made plain her belief that the Impartial had lost her mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you finished?\u8221\'94 the Destructive asked, teasing a bout of laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have said what I meant to say. You may leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Destructive shook her head, then zipped up into the air and made for the west, no doubt aiming to tend to the flames of war.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative watched her leave  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot kill either essence of the Divided,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It is impossible. I have tried. Learn from my mistakes and stick to your title. I know you wont, no one ever listens to me, so I won\u8217\'92t bother trying to convince you.\u8221\'94 She flew up into the air and sped towards the east, either to brand a fledgling civilization, or start a new one. Her numbers were growing slim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When both were far and gone from sight, the Impartial Third flew straight up into the sky. Such was her speed, that her white robes buzzed behind her. She pushed through the sunset to find the night, where the stars, in their sparkling multitude, overwhelmed. Below, the soft glow of the world painted her robes a peachy red. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She drifted for half a hand, rationing the bubble of air that she brought to protect her body from the vacuum. She eyed the stars, and eventually found what she was looking for: a massive chunk of broken Black. As always, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s enormity humbled her. She\u8217\'92d seen larger stones, but this Black was of a substance which defied all size comparison. It would seem larger next to objectively larger things. And though it floated freely, it was, somehow, still embedded in the void, as its edges extruded out of the blankness of space. Its jagged body was chaotically pinched, looking like a spiky complex of scar contractures marring the milky swathe of stars behind it. It was as if a small city had been glassed into obsidian, then broken, then smushed up into a ball, then hammered into a shape which evoked despair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Black turned, slowly, through its tempted orbit. Its shattered surface multiplied the reflection of the world a million times over. It turned to reveal the flat, cylindrical head that would strike that world like a hammer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And what was the world, now?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From this height, she could see it all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That once green paradise was crusted over with history. Abandoned civilizations trimmed every river bend like lesions. Forests which once nursed innumerable varieties of tree and bush were now flat, having been clear cut to make room for herds of cattle.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  All the rivers were dammed. Bare mountains rumpled up the rifts of tectonic plates like festering wounds. Most of the colors dipped into red and gray. And there amongst it all was the Divided God, blinding white, and sparkling. From this distance, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They looked like a fallen star twinkling atop the tallest peak of the Goree mountains. They rarely moved from the spot, paralyzed as They were by the constant struggle of two different essences trying to assert control over a shared body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial Third floated behind the Black. Neither the First nor the Second knew of its existence. Neither did the Divided God. With all their attention drawn to the threads of fate which guided life, none of them would see this block of death coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She closed her eyes, held out her hand, and spoke a word of impulse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was not prepared for how the Black would grab her words, and then pull the impulse out of her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her mind ran flush with memories of childhood. The mother who abused her. The love who never saw in her what she saw in herself. The despair which led her to be chosen as the Impartial Third, thus inserting her into history. The first king and the first queen, the first sailing ship and the first shipwreck, the first minted silver coin and the first imitation of it; a thin bit of copper washed in pewter. The urge to horde. The night she gained the sight. Anatomy lessons with the flayed. The long charter of the fleshcraft guild. The temptations of priests. The origins of debt. The operations of war. The shock of famine. King Sixa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plan to pot the desert with wells. The explosion of Mount Volgi which poisoned half the holy continent. The first revolution which smashed the walls of the first city. The beginning of table manners. Selfishness chewing at the world\u8217\'92s roots. And more. All of it. The Black pulled nearly all of her out of herself to fuel its flight towards the earth, leaving her in a stupor, barely able to even sip on her bubble of air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She watched with horror as the Black smashed into the atmosphere. It fell into the clouds. When its tumble obscured the shining light of the Divided God, she sank into even more primitive categories of feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  impact shook the earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shockwave spread out of the fireball to sweep over the world. It erased the Destructive\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s black cloud of war like it was nothing. It shushed the fire below it, flattened entire armies. It went out to the sea to steam the waters, igniting magnificent phytoplankton blooms, thousands of miles long, glowing blue in whirling gyres. It went on to circle the globe, dragging a shade of dust behind it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soundlessness of space muted her sigh of awe. Then, she began to suffocate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She sensed the stretching of time, the thinness of her life. Time was freezing around her twinkling thoughts. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wondered how long her body would last amongst the stars; how long she would cast her shadow upon the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wondered if her name would be made into a curse for killing the god of gods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Accepting of her fate, she breathed in her last, held it, and died.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dead of love, eternally afloat, And as the centuries moved, her title would be forgotten, until at last, none would think to look for her.}}