{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Love can only land if it is looked for. This was the one life lesson which stayed steady across all her years. A love sent must land, or else it wheels about, and like a bird lost at sea it will panic, tire, then drown. The only way to avoid that grief is to never love, but that is difficult to do, so the next best thing is to make sure that there is a landing spot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait until they\u8217\'92re wanting it\u8221\'94 is what she preached, even if she could not practice it. She was the Impartial Third, and being impartial, quintessentially so, she loved everyone and everything intensely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That nothing loved her back, she could carry. She could. Twenty thousand years of unrequited love, she carried. But to watch generation after generation make the same mistakes, over and over, burning cities, exploiting famines, raping, desires she could not curb, and it was getting worse, all while she loved them\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85that grief took its toll. It had her standing at the edge of a barren plateau, contemplating the patterns her skull might make after bursting on the rocks below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of her body would roll into a red rock valley. There, in the dry riverbed, she would join two opposing armies in the sleep of death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those honored sons and daughters had been waiting for her to join them for months. Their planted banners ran ragged in the desert wind, colors bleached by the desert sun. Who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s was who\u8217\'92s? What had they been fighting about? They couldn\u8217\'92t say, not with gusts of sand piling into their mouths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her weary sigh peeled off into a whimper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She recalled the memory of wildflowers verging that ancient riverbank, endless fields of them. She longed for their aroma, that it might stick to her clothes again, and oh, how she would delight in the excitement every little butterfly and bee. Red-cheeked birds hunted those crazed swarms, and the meat of those birds fed foxes, and all of them, at different stages of life, from womb to carrion corpse, fed lizards. The meat of the lizards fed larger birds, and on the circle went. The Creative First and Destructive Second had measured out those threads of fate, and as the Impartial Third, it had been her duty to cut them. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d cut them halfway down the difference. Her duty, her shame, because the only things growing on the surface now were lichens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Brown, fuzzy rags, those lichens. Interspersed as they were amongst the broken armies, they soaked up blood, which poisoned them. Too many would die. Their deaths were the first link in a chain of catastrophes which would see their species extinct in less than twenty years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped off the cliff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her white robes clung to her body as she fell. The wind ripped tears from her eyes while the whistling in her ears promised peace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Death would be better for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Assuredly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Better for her, but only her. For those she loved, she needed to see the day through.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She clenched her fists and swerved out of her fall with the power of flight. She zipped through the red rock valley. She followed the course of the fossilizing river through the sweep of carnage. From this height, the dead soldiers looked almost like they were napping, with limbs gently bent instead of broken, their faces buried in the dream that their sacrifice would make a difference. Short term, maybe. Long term, no. If only they could see the red line of fire which scored the horizon, marking another outbreak of war, burning for days. A roiling cloud of smoke spread out above it, an immensity so great that it could be called a god in its own right, deserving of a name. L}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ightning flashed inside its stomach. On came the distant drum of sequent thunder, and oh, how it mocked the dreams of the dead below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She bit her lip to keep from weeping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Embarrassed, she wiped her cheek clean from the stain of tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She bit her lip in anger now, because those below were dead, and elsewhere more were dying, and she desired pity for herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Appalling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unconscionable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sped towards the setting sun. Far beyond the sprawl of embattled dead, she saw her destination: a stub of table rock capped with a round stone. Once directly above it}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , she took a deep breath, then spoke a charm to trap a wide bubble of air around her. Then, she flew straight up into the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She paused in the upper reaches of the atmosphere to settle her nerves. The peachy glow of sundown clouds always calmed her. So did the sunny side of the world when it curved away in shades of green. Streaks of shine marked the Hrkan delta. The Creative First built out that alluvial plain with a word she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d cobbled together from invented syllables, and she worked there now, hoping to inspire a nascent civilization to pull themselves up out of the mud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To the west, the desert curved away into night. A shifting layer of blurring cloud and smoke obscured a smattering of tiny fires. The Destructive Second lurked there, cracking open mountains to draw up heat. Her armies were never in want of replenishment, which suggested the primacy of her cause.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A gray expanse full of dessicated lakes and failed civilizations. Forests, slashed and burned, trampled under herds of cattle. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All the rivers were dammed. Bare mountains rumpled up the rifts of tectonic plates like festering wounds. And behold, oh, the, there amongst them was the god of all creation. He, a fallen star.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  He dwelt atop the tallest peak. She could blot out His sparkle with her thumb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She turned towards the stars. The object she sought lay directly above her, and yet, it was a tricky thing to spot. so much so that as soon as she pushed into the vapid chill of space she almost collided with it. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s enormity humbled her, as it always did. This thing was of a substance which defied all size comparison; it would seem larger next to objectively larger things. And though it floated freely, it was, somehow, still embedded in the void, as its edges extruded out of the blankness of space. Its jagged black body, chaotically pinched, the shape of a wound, a spiky complex of scar contractures marring the  swathe of stars. It was Black. as if a small city had been glassed into obsidian, then broken, then smushed up into a ball, then hammered into a shape which evoked despair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Black turned, slowly, through its tempted orbit. Its shattered surface multiplied the reflection of the world. It turned to reveal the flat, cylindrical head that would strike that world like a hammer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial Third took up a position behind it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By now, the cold had iced her eyes open. She could hardly open her hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She held out her palm, and spoke a word of impulse, then pushed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The moment her skin contacted the stone,  then pull the impulse out of her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her mind ran flush with disjointed visions of her childhood, centering on the face of the mother who abused her. Her first love, the man who never saw in her what she saw in herself. The despair which led her to be chosen as the Impartial Third, inserting her into notice of the written word. Now, history, as she had seen it. The first king and the first queen, the first sailing ship and the first shipwreck, the first minted silver coin and the first imitation of it; a thin bit of copper washed in pewter. The urge to horde. The night she gained the sight. Anatomy lessons with the flayed. The long charter of the fleshcraft guild. The temptations of priests. The origins of debt. The operations of war. The shock of famine. King Sixa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plan to pot the desert with wells. The explosion of Mount Volgi which poisoned half the world. The first demagogue. The walls of the first city being smashed. The beginning of table manners. Selfishness chewing at the world\u8217\'92s roots. And more. All of it. The Black pulled all of her out of herself to fuel its hungry flight. It left her in a stupor, barely able to even sip on her bubble of air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She watched with horror as that awful Black smashed into the atmosphere. It fell into the clouds. When its tumble obscured the shining light of Him, the fallen star, she sank into even more primitive categories of feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  impact shook the earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A fireball.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shockwave swept the sky clean, even as it dragged a shade of dust behind it. It went out to the sea, steamed the waters, ignited magnificent phytoplankton blooms, thousands of miles long, glowing blue in whirling gyres.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soundlessness of space muted her sigh of awe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cold gripped her lungs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She sensed the stretching of time, the thinness of her life. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wondered how long her body would last up here, amongst the stars; how long she would cast her shadow upon the world. She wondered if her name would be made into a curse. And last, She wondered if anyone would think to look for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Accepting her fate, she breathed in her last, held it, and died.}}