{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 There is enough black inside you still, that I could make you jump. But that would disprove my point. I know you better than you know yourself. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wnt or need to control you any more than I have.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri recognized her stare immediately: she was the demon witch who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d found him on his farm. She\u8217\'92d killed that yellow-headed ox. She\u8217\'92d set him on this journey. He remembered her name\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Lora.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 braying}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Probity}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a map of the balkans. It always repays inspection}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Scintilla of doubt}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mandri seeing his spark}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  I myself was despairing in the midst of battle. I prayed for deliverance. Deliverance came.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 He looked upon Mandri with admiration. \u8220\'93This boy is a miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Hooks and everything. Pull. Burshageet comes apart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if this is going to work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Suddenly, the whole big mass, bodies too, falls down a drain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Burshageet was plugging a massive hole. Rimmed with letters. }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 No sooner were the words out of his mouth}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Puny fist?? Burshageet previous}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Save the changing the future for later in the story; final chapter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Remember the Burgeon}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were lines of purpose here; did they not determine his future? Or did they represent mere instinct instead of divinely woven fate? He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d been calling them \u8216\'91purpose\u8217\'92 because that felt like an adequate compromise between the two. But what were they, }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 exactly}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ? Could he change them?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here, Minder is not capitalized.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Introduce Ayram humming a song earlier\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What is that song?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You believe incorrectly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrkan torchlight did not reach far, showing only a small crowd of snarling, seething demons. But, he knew the odds, for the dark behind their shoulders was bright with a sprawling rainbow of Sparks.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We can do this,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, though his own unsteady voice seemed to doubt it. \u8220\'93We can survive this. If Mandri spreads his fire wide, and we duck low and\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As Fangs and fingernails ripped at every manner of stomach,}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stomping snakes ripped the shells off stoats. Clucking sows pounced upon wingless winged ants, while a ratbird hunted a giant fly that shat out silk like a worm.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri spat the stomach out, then dropped it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The organ opened up against the ground. Chewed up roots and seeds splattered out, but no Spark.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Featherless bird}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 you simply don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t care about other people}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here pyetle says, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I should add\u8221\'94\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The found the narrow passage, which was more of a crack. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , Moto peered in, then stepped aside. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You first,\u8221\'94 he said to Mandri. Mandri, excited, followed his line and entered.}}