{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When her boots hit the floor, she stood over Mandri and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know exactly what ya need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need to sleep,\u8221\'94 he moaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The surgeon must first harm in order to heal. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One time I made a burgeon tea and boofed it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boofed it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poured it up my\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop,\u8221\'94 Seb\u8217\'92s cried as her face screwed up, no doubt confronting the mental image. Mandri hadn\u8217\'92t ever actually done this, but he loved the way the thought of it tortured Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I thought too until I tried it. You only need, like, a quarter of the usual amount to get the same effect if you boof it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93City folk,\u8221\'94 Seb muttered, disapprovingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Solraheen didn\u8217\'92t put a second mouth inside our butts for no reason. You ever think of it like that? If I were designing human beings, I wouldn\u8217\'92t mix the piping up like that, but it is what it is. It\u8217\'92s like you say, if He didn\u8217\'92t want it to happen, it wouldn\u8217\'92t have happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was snap, and Mandri fell into it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a fibrous black ooze seeping out of that ceiling black, swirling like ink. It descended, and as it did, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s color changed into a deep and suffocating red. This tendril reached down and latched onto his stomach, adhering to his skin. He was now, suddenly, naked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 red had slithered up his chest and darted into his mouth. Next thing he knew, he was cocooned, and the red color filled his sight like a fog until all edges merged into each other. He could not discern where he ended and the world outside began. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ground below didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look too far away, so he jumped. His ankles were the first to realize his mistake. He hit the dirt hard and his legs crumpled against the impact. He fell forward, and the rest of him crashed against the ground like a sack of beets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice came from raining down from above, \u8220\'93Ya know, there\u8217\'92s a ladder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cackled as she descended down to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s level, while Ayram and the others laughed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lay there like a newborn, wide-eyed, an incipient sense-organ with no memory, aware only of his own presence as stasis and metastasis merged into an impossible third mode of being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}