{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The evening sun brought them out of the sandstorm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wake and onto solid clay. This was still officially part of the Sand\u8217\'92s Pitted Portion, though there were no pits. There were scraggly bushes and a few stunted trees with swirling trunks. Ayram propped his great pack up against one of these miniature trees, then lay up underneath it to squeeze in a short rest. He permitted Seb to build a smokeless fire. Mandri felt smart in reminding everyone that a Mazidariga didn\u8217\'92t need smoke to find them, and he was told that the Hrks were not the only people from which he needed to hide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They sat around the fire, watching the sun set. They munched on hardtack, and Mandri was allowed a swig of wine that tasted like sour beets. They conversed about the terrain ahead and the difficulties they would face. Conversation eventually turned to the Great Solgi Erg. The Great Erg was not in their way, but fireside chattering about the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features cannot end without mentioning it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri made the mistake of calling it the Solgi Erg. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Great}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Solgi Erg,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Moteah corrected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My apologies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Plenty of ergs in the sand, only one of them is Great.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet knows the story of the Erg\u8217\'92s creation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one knows the story,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, annoyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you said\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are old memories, said to have come straight from the mouth of Solraheen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those are lies. No truth survives unscathed from the age when Solraheen shaped His voice into word, for that age was long before the age of signs and symbols. The story I know is one shaped by memory, and memory is one big belly-aching lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what about\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen made those mountains of sand a long time ago,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said, completely ignoring Moto\u8217\'92s stammering complaints. \u8220\'93That is all that can be said for the truth of the Great Erg. Everything else is in doubt. The very name is in doubt. You know those dunes as the Great Solgi Erg for you were brought up in this Solitant infested world, but those dunes have other names. Older names. Which is the true name? Who can say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri admired the old woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stamina. She\u8217\'92d been walking all day, and here she was, charging through the telling of a story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Solitants claim that Solraheen planted a stick in the ground to mark one of His garden\u8217\'92s eight corners. Then he left to only-Sol-knows-where to measure out the rest of it. His passing along the surface of the earth kicked up the first wind, the Shulsai, and this wind circled the earth and came back around to puff upon that planted stick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Shulsai blew sand against the stick, and soon an egg of a sand dune was built up in the stick\u8217\'92s lee. Nine moons later, and that fledgling dune had grown up to swallow the stick whole. All it took was that one dune, and soon the Primal Erg was belly-full and rolling across the world, leaving littler ergs in its wake. It rolled all the way to the edge of land, and there it stopped. It has been bleeding into the sea ever since, half the size of what it once was. It is the first erg, the Great Solgi Erg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now Mandri,\u8221\'94 Moto said when Elrahet began to nibble at the edge of a wafer of hardtack. \u8220\'93Do you think Solraheen meant to do it? Do you think He knew that after planting that stick in the ground, that a whole sand sea would swell up around it? Did He do it on purpose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think Solraheen makes mistakes,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yessss,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, hissing like a snake. \u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s what the Solitants say. They call it the Solgi Erg, and they call it that because it means Sol\u8217\'92s gift. Yet I heard it called the Great Solzima Erg, and zima means\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 do you know what it means? It means shame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is called the Solzima, because if Solraheen had intended for the dunes to form, he would have built them with his own two hands as he did with everything else in his garden. And why should He want to turn fertile black earth into a mountain of useless sand? These Old Believers could not believe that Solraheen would wander off into the middle of the world and shape lakes that reflect the light of the divine, fill them with creatures of unfathomable grace and beauty, and yet, at the same time, leaving the Erg to struggle up on its own, a basic sameness of stuff with no redeeming qualities. All the erg did was procreate and ripple the wind. Hah! Same could be said for Hrks!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She settled into a deep and easy sneer and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Old Believers say that when Solraheen made it back around to the eastern rib of the world and saw the Erg standing there he fell into a deep despair. It would take a millennia to clean up those dunes, even for Him. So he created the Buggal wind to blow it away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well that\u8217\'92s not the story that I\u8217\'92ve been told,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? You should see that terrifying dune for yourself and despair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have seen it. From the water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From the water, he says. You\u8217\'92ve been bit by Solitants, boy. Yes, I know their story. See how Solraheen\u8217\'92s golden light shimmers across Sand, they say. And think of the variety! Tidal dunes in the lee of hills, echoing dunes on the windward side. Crescent dunes, snake dunes, crater dunes rimmed with grass. Go to the Empty Portion and marvel at the rows of arcing dunes marching out to the horizon, or the perfectly flat and straight ridges of the Seedra. Stripes, domes, lizardfeet, hairpins, scallops, stars, all varying in size in temperament to rival any family of flowers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The dunes are pigment, the wind is the brush, and Solraheen\u8217\'92s mind is the hand which sets it all in motion. The Sand is alive, it moves and creates itself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they\u8217\'92re fond of saying that. They see the Sand as a Sparked being, alive as much as you and I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Ergs drift across the desert, eat the rocks, and shit them out behind, the parts they can\u8217\'92t digest. You can hear the dunes howl if you stop and listen. And they say all this to sell a lie, they say all you need to do to change the world is to plant a leg in the sand, as Solraheen planted His stick, and the wave you create will become a mountain. It\u8217\'92s a hopeful message. I hope you don\u8217\'92t believe it.\u8221\'94}}