{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at you. High on burgeons. My, my, my.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I made a decision.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Kick.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sits down. Oh, Lora is here too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram\u8230\'85you don\u8217\'92t know me well enough to intervene here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t an intervention.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what\u8217\'92s she doing here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is here because you\u8217\'92ve passed a test.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Confusion. No morose on vigrams face. Seemed excited.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri,\u8221\'94 said Vigram, \u8220\'93you are a worthless young man. Broken, I should say. Empty. But that is good. People look at you and see character flaws, but what I see is fertile ground.\u8221\'94  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said you didn\u8217\'92t want anything to do with me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I say that? I don\u8217\'92t think I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well, no offense, but I don\u8217\'92t want anything to do with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The bluntness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He doesn\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri drinks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to tell you a story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, you\u8217\'92re going to want to listen to what I have to say, because what I have to say is valuable. Good stories are a kind of currency in this world. They can make people do things they wouldn\u8217\'92t otherwise do. The right story, applied to the right person, it can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 buy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  them.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want to buy me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. What can I say, I am an honest man. I am manipulative, but I\u8217\'92m honest in my manipulations. I just think that I could tell you a story which would change your life. It\u8217\'92s a story about a wastrel. Maybe you knew him.\u8221\'94 Vigram shared a wry grin, then said,\u8220\'93This wastrel, his father was a carpenter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was not inviting you to tell a story,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram waved this whine away with a jiggle of his beard, and continued on. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The wastrel\u8217\'92s father was not a rich carpenter. He was poor. Woe betide this poor man, his son was a profligate child\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that means he was wasteful. Whether it was burgeons, women, or friends, this wastrel spent his father\u8217\'92s money without caring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this supposed to be a story about me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, this is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 my}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  story, Mandri. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  was the wastrel. I was like you. Yes, I know it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to believe, but yes, I took my father\u8217\'92s money, the money meant to bring me up in this world, and I spent it on burgeons, women, and people who I thought were friends. My life\u8217\'92s prospects quickly came to nothing. When my father found out that I had beggared us both, his anger was profound. It might be hard for you to comprehend that, because you don\u8217\'92t have children.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Staring, if he really did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me try to paint his anger for you. Given the rough nature of your current condition, you must have some sympathy for the idea that your existence is some kind of mistake. It lacks purpose. At least we can say that it is not perfectly clear what that purpose is. I would go further and argue that it is clearly obvious that we\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I speak of all of humanity, now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we have no intrinsic purpose. I\u8217\'92ll go further and say this: I can prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri Lora \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is he always like this?\u8221\'94 She did not respond, though she did react with some sort of movement, or at least, the .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, regathering Mandri\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Let me prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prove what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can prove that none of us are meant for this world. Think of it like this: if a human being ever finds themselves blessed with wealth and health beyond comprehension, what happens to them? I\u8217\'92ve seen it first hand, how impoverishing wealth is when a person gets it. I\u8217\'92ve seen it through the eyes of the Hrkan Lords. Without any external concerns to distract them, you might think that they are free to pursue their life\u8217\'92s intrinsic purpose and find happiness, but that\u8217\'92s not what happens. They become bored and angry. They invent problems where there are none, because they feel boxed in. It is a frustration so thorough and complete that, I tell you this, they lose all sense. Think about that. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Really}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  think about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if wealth frees these people from the indignities of life, and they turn, naturally, into some aberrant husk of a person, then what does that mean?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you do see the implication, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s obvious\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at the bottom, we are empty. There is no intrinsic purpose down there inside of us. If we did have some purpose, surely our natural state would reflect it, and all the wealthy people of the world would be joyous people, not whatever it is that they are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does any of this have to do with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, this is the backdrop to every story ever told. We have no natural purpose. What purpose we do have is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 crafted.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 made.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  That means it is something you can lose. I put it to you that losing your purpose is the greatest horror a human being can experience. It happened to me. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh, Mandri, you of all people should know this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know he was laughing. He was staring at Vigram\u8217\'92s eyes were alight. His great beard was. The man was truly feeling himself, growing a bit hysterical in the telling. Mandri caught this feeling and said, \u8220\'93If there\u8217\'92s a purpose to all this, please get to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram sat back and smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I\u8217\'92m saying is\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92ll say this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 most people make their family their purpose. My father was such a man. I was his purpose in life. To borrow a poetic turn, I was his challenge to the Black. In his eyes, he lost. Worse, his attempt was squandered. If I were killed, he could have moved into grief, but no, he had challenged the Black and the Black had answered back by turning me into the living embodiment of a life\u8217\'92s wasted labor. That was how he saw it. How could he see it differently? So, he put his carpentry to work\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he made me a coffin. He sent it to me. Inside that coffin was a note which said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t we all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! Yes, you already see where this is going, I think. I might have been a wastrel, but I was a self-obsessed wastrel; I didn\u8217\'92t want to die. I saw the coffin and the note and grew frightened. My father was a man of resolve. I began to see him in every shadow. I couldn\u8217\'92t enjoy myself. I couldn\u8217\'92t go bother the whores, couldn\u8217\'92t sleep in the same place twice. If you knew the man, you\u8217\'92d know what was coming for me. As I was a wastrel who couldn\u8217\'92t confront even the thought of a confrontation, I ran away to find a witch to fix my problems for me. If a witch could predict the exact moment when my father would try to kill me, then I could, I hoped, avoid that moment. So, I went and found a witch, and guess what she did?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She bored you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She gave me a purpose.\u8221\'94 Let this settle in. \u8220\'93I went to find a witch, and she gave me a purpose. Think about that. Purpose was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 given}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Think about what that implies. Then look at yourself. Think about what that could mean for }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Drinks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good. That\u8217\'92s goooood. As you know, the note in my coffin said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92. That was a mere statement of fact\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everybody dies. My father had no intention of hunting me down. He\u8217\'92d only hoped that the awareness of death might spur me into action, and it did. I don\u8217\'92t know he ever discovered what I\u8217\'92ve made of myself, but I like to think that the abatement of his despair would have been most sublime, for he had, ultimately, triumphed against the Black. Now, I want to say the same thing to you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 listen to what I say, Mandri\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you are going to die}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I certainly hope so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen to me,\u8221\'94 Vigram said as he scooted in close. More serious than anyone ever was. \u8220\'93Listen to me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you are going to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Uneasy pause. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right now? Maybe. Tomorrow? What is the difference? You\u8217\'92re going to die, Mandri.\u8221\'94 A little shake of his head, as if that might shake loose the webs in Mandri\u8217\'92s will.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What purpose you were holding onto, before all this? You painted pictures; why? It wasn\u8217\'92t fame or respect, I know that much. You never cared if anyone knew your name because you never signed your work. You\u8217\'92d sign the back of the frame. I think you wanted to make something }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 more}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , something greater, but you never could, and so you gave it all up. Am I right?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora is like a blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see, he\u8217\'92s perfect. He\u8217\'92s right on the edge of complete abandonment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora, darkening, stepped forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever killed someone?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a strange question,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you feel about killing people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shape was concerning now, because Vigram was largely in tact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killing someone,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93well, it depends, doesn\u8217\'92t it? The morality of something like that, it depends. Am I killing in self-defense? Are these, I don\u8217\'92t know, are they murderers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You believe that killing is a question of morality?\u8221\'94 Lora asked, her voice was growing older and more feral with every swish of burgeonsight. \u8220\'93Let me rephrase,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93How do you feel about people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do I feel about people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t mind if everyone in the world dropped dead? No great loss?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not answer my questions with questions.\u8221\'94 The firmness in her voice was unnatural. Mandri took another drink, and as the burgeon bile , it seemed Lora was growing taller.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, after licking his lips,  \u8220\'93everyone should be judged on their own\u8230\'85what\u8217\'92s the point of this, anyway? You want me to kill someone?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People are dying all the time,\u8221\'94 Lora said. \u8220\'93Right this very moment, they are dying. I don\u8217\'92t mean one or two, the deaths number in the thousands. Thousands are dying, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right now}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think of them, do you? I do. It is my duty to ensure that everyone is dying for a purpose.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever prayed to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer the question. Have you ever prayed to the good god Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I have, who hasn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The shape that was nominally named Lora waved Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s away. \u8220\'93Have you spoken the words yourself?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93I do not count a prayer circle where someone else does the heavy lifting. Have you ever run away to a quiet place and whispered words to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who hasn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel cocked her eye, frowned, then scribbled something into her book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that you\u8217\'92re writing there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye took on a sinister gleam. \u8220\'93Can you read?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I can read.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what does this say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She held her book open towards Mandri. The pages were blank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t say anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel scribbled another secret nothing into her book. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many burgeons have you eaten?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re high as a blackbeak. You should see your eyes. But that\u8217\'92s good. It is good.\u8221\'94 She jotted down another note. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re fitting the mold, Mandrameen. Does that excite you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boy, if the prospect of becoming one of the Mazidai does not excite you, then you\u8217\'92ve a dim Spark indeed.\u8221\'94 She flicked a coin into his lap. \u8220\'93How do you feel about power over all, eternal life, and infinite pleasure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel laughed. Hers was a grating laugh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half cackle, half delirious groan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is not how this works.\u8221\'94 She sat back on her bag and cherished Mandri\u8217\'92s simplicity. \u8220\'93I do not pick someone to play the part. If you are fit for divine purpose, then you will make the choice which is to be made, and that is that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She closed her book and tucked it back into her robes. She stood up, and Mandri, thinking she was about to leave, whispered a chime of praise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you\u8217\'92re coming too,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I can already see the choice that you\u8217\'92ve made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think he can see you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well then, Mandri, in the spirit of being honest I would like to tell that I don\u8217\'92t actually have a daughter named Lora. Never did. This woman here, her name is Pel. She is a, well,\u8221\'94 he turned to this \u8216\'91Pel\u8217\'92, and said, \u8220\'93I think you should go ahead and show him.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beard, flowing like a river, beard oil glistening, sparkling, like magic was flowing down his chin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sparkles in the air around lora, almost emanating out of her.}}