{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 continued on.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Several groans erupted from amongst the group. Satisfied with these, Mandri }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Contrast that with me, a Mazid\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 not only was I raised up for an explicit purpose, I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 know}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  what it is. Not that I like it. But as a slave, I know my purpose. You, however, must have a nagging sense of the absence of purpose. For example, let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s say you kill this beast that we\u8217\'92re hunting\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 what comes next? You might find something else to do, but what happens after that? }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The fire was dimming now, so they all laid down to rest, leaving Mandri to stew in the glory of his own performance. He always grew a little hysterical after people spent that much time giving him so much attention.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A flash of annoyance cinched Pel\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s weathered features. She tossed another coin into Mandri\u8217\'92s lap, then repeated her question. \u8220\'93How do you feel about killing people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not recognition. Fame. These things are irrelevant. What you what, what I want for you, is for you to leave an indelible impression on the world. It\u8217\'92s all the more sweeter when no on knew it was you. Right? There\u8217\'92s a depth to it. Akin to the hand of god. It moves in every moment. That could be you. I know how to get you there. You need a push. You need to accept this first, submit to the magnitude of the effort.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}