{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mottled white and brown plumage}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Senna bloom smearing the wash in yellow.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That was the conceit. No progress but continuity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The past is hardly dead, it calls out, demanding redress. It exists in the presnt as demand. It pulses, turningn always towards its own redemption.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The struggle in which benjamin understood himself to be engaged was hence for the past sa well as the future, for all those who had been displaced and reased as well as those presently under threat of erasure. It was a battle, defined in terms at once spiritual and political, over history, that it not be conceived via the self-flattering deceits of the victors as a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91triumphal procession in which the presnt rulers step over those who are lying prostrate,\u8221\'94 in which they succeed at disguising their atrocities as the grand achievements of civiliaztion on the march. \u8220\'93Only that historian will have the gift of fanning the spark of hope in the past who is firmly convinced that even the dead will not be safe from the enemy if he wins,\u8221\'94 wrote benjamin.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Note: Don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t like the narration.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 E.g.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most people, apparently, didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to go out glued to the monitor, with sticky hands and their shorts around their knees. Which is comforting, I guess.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}