{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the middle of night when they reached the end of the Tib. Mandri was so happy that he collapsed in prayer. Everyone was ecstatic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everyone but Ayram. His fretful eye studied the north.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looking for Hrks,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They might have made it out of the Tib, but they hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t made it out of danger. But their mood was good, and doubly so, because the eastern rim of the world was peaked with the red Goree mountains. Those mountains had arrived all at once in a long, dark lumpy line, like some charge of cavalry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun picked themselves up and quickened their pace. The way to the mountains was flat and iron-red, and it stayed that way all the way up to the mountain chain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s base. The mountains themselves were brilliant red bulwarks against the desert wind, and as such their faces bore the scars of the wind\u8217\'92s assault.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram led them south in line with these mountains, towards the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked Moteah how Ayram knew where they were relative to the Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He remembers it,\u8221\'94 she said, as if that were a perfectly adequate explanation. Mandri knew that Ayram couldn\u8217\'92t have dead-reckoned it all the way from that little desert temple. The featureless Tib would have made that impossible, and the arc of the sun was more of a guideline than a precise measure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He considered asking the giant himself, but decided not to, and good thing too, because the next person who spoke drew Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She had to poop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that made me eat those flies!\u8221\'94 she whined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine!\u8221\'94 Ayram exclaimed as he thrust his great pack into the dirt. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll make a short camp here. Be quick and quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quiet, can tell ya that. Ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quick, either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb scurried off towards the mountains and disappeared amongst the shadows of rocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dumped his pack onto the ground, then went to Moteah to ask for some twigs to make a fire to calm the oncoming chill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No fires,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93We have to be quiet, and we have to pass unseen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t know, there\u8217\'92s two kinds of tribes here in the Goree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those who want to kill you, and those who want to steal everything you carry. Either way, you end up dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t they have seen us coming from miles away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t watch the Tib, there\u8217\'92s no reason for it. We probably slipped through and if we have, we don\u8217\'92t want to spoil it with a fire, do we?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, how close are we to the Pass?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be upon it by morning,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the light of day?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you just said that everyone wants to kill us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Goree pass is protected by outland custom, so long as you pass in the day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who enforces that custom?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Custom does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri laughed, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our customs may mean nothing to you, but they preserved our peoples for thousands of years despite every attempt to eradicate us. Every tribesman knows that if they violate the truce of the Goree Pass, then they are dead, and every Hrkan knows it too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, with ebullient eyes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t laugh because I doubted you. I laughed because I believed you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s enough,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, and that was that. They took up shelter behind a jumble of boulders which blocked the western wind. Ayram shared stern words with Seb when she returned from her fecal excursion. All except the giant lay down to rest.}}