{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to smuggle you into caves underneath Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That will be difficult.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When we reach the caves, we\u8217\'92re going to march our way into Solraheen\u8217\'92s chamber, and you\u8217\'92re going to use your Mazidfire to free him from underneath the stone of Fabled Black.\u8221\'94 Ayram\u8217\'92s voice was cold and direct, as if he hadn\u8217\'92t just said the most absurd thing imaginable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93Is there some Hrkan Lord who has taken to calling himself Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is only one Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram leaned on his iron rod and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am quite serious. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  are going to free Solraheen.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? I only ask because trying to undo Solraheen\u8217\'92s sacrifice might be counterproductive to your desired ends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo squinted in disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But why?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s say you do free Him. Are you expecting He\u8217\'92ll look down at you, a mortal, and not smite you for nullifying His sacrificial will?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need to justify myself to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you so certain that Mazidfire will cut through Fabled Black?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93Still, I wish to try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know that if you free Solraheen, then you\u8217\'92ll have freed Schisol as well? Or is that what your }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  goal is?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I would even betray Solraheen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand your concern,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93Solraheen gave humanity a Spark, and now you set out to repay that kindness by betraying Him. You\u8217\'92re worried I\u8217\'92ll get the same idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why wouldn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 Elrahet spat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is one other option,\u8221\'94 Obo blurted out. \u8220\'93Actually, this solution was in your grasp just now, but true to form, you\u8217\'92ve managed to squander the opportunity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could capture a Riga after it has disabled me, then you could walk right into Jeket with both our bodies unmolested. Then, standing before Solraheen, you could reanimate me as you\u8217\'92ve done just now, then carry on with your act of defilement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stood up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait a finger\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are you saying that we could have\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram waved Seb off and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92d have to keep the Riga alive. We\u8217\'92d have to carry it all the way to Jeket. We\u8217\'92d be trading smuggling you for smuggling a Riga child. It\u8217\'92s one problem for another.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suspect,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93That the Mazidariga are not capable of tracking each other the way they can track us Mazidai. And I\u8217\'92m not certain of it, but it stands to reason that they cannot track my pseudospark if it is not actively willing limbs into motion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spoke up again. By now he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d almost reached the conversation. \u8220\'93So we could have walked right into the Jeket if we hadn\u8217\'92t just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram cut Seb short a third time, and the grim look on his face told Seb that if he had to shut him up a fourth time, it would come at a cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo answered Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question anyway. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, if you had waited to revive me, you could have walked straight to Jeket without a worry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s no matter,\u8221\'94 Ayram grunted. \u8220\'93If we captured a Riga once, we can do it again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo tilted his head as if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite heard right. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not confident that you can afford another Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t think we could afford the first one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a fair point, but even if you have a small army of Ayramun hiding somewhere, that still won\u8217\'92t be enough to stand up to what\u8217\'92s coming.\u8221\'94}}