{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~A\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 system}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is defined by a boundary between itself and its\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_environment"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 environment}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , dividing it from an infinitely complex, or (colloquially) chaotic, exterior.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The interior of the system is thus a zone of reduced complexity: communication within a system operates by selecting only a limited amount of all information available outside. This process is also called "reduction of complexity". The criterion according to which information is selected and processed is meaning (in German,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Sinn}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ). Meaning being thereby referral from one set of potential space to another set of potential space. Both social systems and psychic systems (see below for an explanation of this distinction) operate by processing meaning. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Furthermore, each system has a distinctive identity that is constantly reproduced in its communication and depends on what is considered meaningful and what is not. If a system fails to maintain that identity, it ceases to exist as a system and dissolves back into the environment it emerged from. Luhmann called this process of reproduction from elements previously filtered from an over-complex environment\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autopoiesis"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 autopoiesis}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(pronounced "auto-poy-E-sis"; literally: self-creation), using a term coined in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_biology"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 cognitive biology}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~by Chilean thinkers\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Humberto_Maturana"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Humberto Maturana}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francisco_Varela"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Francisco Varela}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Social systems are\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 operationally closed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~in that while they use and rely on resources from their environment, those resources do not become part of the systems' operation. Both thought and digestion are important preconditions for communication, but neither appears in communication as such. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niklas_Luhmann"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niklas_Luhmann}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 British mathematician\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G._Spencer-Brown"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. Spencer-Brown}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 's logic of distinctions that Maturana and Varela had earlier identified as a model for the functioning of any cognitive process. The supreme criterion guiding the "self-creation" of any given system is a defining\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_code"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 binary code}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . This binary code is not to be confused with a computer's operation: Luhmann (following Spencer-Brown and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregory_Bateson"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gregory Bateson}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) assumes that auto-referential systems are continuously confronted with the dilemma of disintegration/continuation. This dilemma is framed with an ever-changing set of available choices; every one of those potential choices can be the system's selection or not (a binary state, selected/rejected). The influence of Spencer-Brown's book,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laws_of_Form"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Laws of Form}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , on Luhmann can hardly be overestimated. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Luhmann instead treats systems as\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autopoietic"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 autopoietic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Open_and_closed_systems_in_social_science&action=edit&redlink=1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 operationally closed}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niklas_Luhmann#cite_note-16"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 16]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niklas_Luhmann#cite_note-17"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 17]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Systems must continually construct themselves and their perspective of reality through processing the distinction between system and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environment_(systems)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 environment}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and self-reproduce themselves as the product of their own elements. Social systems are defined by Luhmann not as action but as\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recursion"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 recursive}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~communication. Modern society is defined as a world system consisting of the sum total of all communication happening at once,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niklas_Luhmann#cite_note-18"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 18]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and individual function systems (such as the economy, politics, science, love, art, the media, etc.) are described as social subsystems which have "outdifferentiated" from the social system and achieved their own operational closure and autopoiesis }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That is not to say that people were not a matter for Luhmann, but rather alluding to the scope of the theory where,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Please_clarify"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1\super clarification needed}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super ]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~the communicative behavior of people is constituted (but not defined) by the dynamics of the social system, and society is constituted (but not defined) by the communicative behavior of people: society is people's environment, and people are society's environment. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An attempt to draw a boundary so that it can begin to be understood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His approach has attracted criticism from those who argue that Luhmann has at no point demonstrated the operational closure of social systems, or in fact that autopoietic social systems actually exist. He has instead taken this as a premise or presupposition, resulting in the logical need to exclude humans from social systems, which prevents the social systems view from accounting for the individual behavior, action, motives, or indeed existence of any individual person }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Y}{\f0\fs24\b0 eah, but barring that, there's not a good process. I'm sure the crackpot ratio is rather high in accessible fields like number theory and working folks don't have time to read through it all. An amateur, failing to cite enough references and have the right affiliations will be roundly ignored whether correct or not.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }}