{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The private citizen today has come to feel rather like a deaf spectator in the back row, who ought to keep his mind on the mystery off there, but cannot quite manage to keep awake. He knows he is somehow affected by what is going on. Rules and regulations continually, taxes annually and wars occasionally remind him that he is being swept along by great drifts of circumstance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Yet these public affairs are in no convincing way his affairs. They are for the most part invisible. They are managed, if they are managed at all, at distant centers, from behind the scenes, by unnamed powers. As a private person he does not know for certain what is going on, or who is doing it, or where he is being carried. No newspaper reports his\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 14]environment so that he can grasp it; no school has taught him how to imagine it; his ideals, often, do not fit with it; listening to speeches, uttering opinions and voting do not, he finds, enable him to govern it. He lives in a world which he cannot see, does not understand and is unable to direct.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the cold light of experience he knows that his sovereignty is a fiction. He reigns in theory, but in fact he does not govern. Contemplating himself and his actual accomplishments in public affairs, contrasting the influence he exerts with the influence he is supposed according to democratic theory to exert, he must say of his sovereignty what Bismarck said of Napoleon III.: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At a distance it is something, but close to it is nothing at all.\u8221\'94\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_1_1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 1]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~When, during an agitation of some sort, say a political campaign, he hears himself and some thirty million others described as the source of all wisdom and power and righteousness, the prime mover and the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 15]ultimate goal, the remnants of sanity in him protest. He cannot all the time play Chanticleer who was so dazzled and delighted because he himself had caused the sun to rise.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For when the private man has lived through the romantic age in politics and is no longer moved by the stale echoes of its hot cries, when he is sober and unimpressed, his own part in public affairs appears to him a pretentious thing, a second rate, an inconsequential. You cannot move him then with a good straight talk about service and civic duty, nor by waving a flag in his face, nor by sending a boy scout after him to make him vote. He is a man back home from a crusade to make the world something or other it did not become; he has been tantalized too often by the foam of events, has seen the gas go out of it, and, with sour derision for the stuff, he is saying with the author of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Trivia}{\f0\fs24\b0 :\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_2_2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 2]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Self-determination,\u8217\'92 one of them insisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 16]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Arbitration,\u8217\'92 cried another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Co\u246\'F6peration,\u8217\'92 suggested the mildest of the party.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Confiscation,\u8217\'92 answered an uncompromising female.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I, too, became intoxicated with the sound of these vocables. And were they not the cure for all our ills?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Inoculation!\u8217\'92 I chimed in. \u8216\'91Transubstantiation, alliteration, inundation, flagellation, and afforestation!\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 It is well known that nothing like the whole people takes part in public affairs. Of the eligible voters in the United States less than half go to the polls even in a presidential year.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_3_3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 3]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~During the campaign of 1924 a special effort\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 17]was made to bring out more voters. They did not come out. The Constitution, the nation, the party system, the presidential succession, private property, all were supposed to be in danger. One party prophesied red ruin, another black corruption, a third tyranny and imperialism if the voters did not go to the polls in greater numbers. Half the citizenship was unmoved.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There is then nothing particularly new in the disenchantment which the private citizen expresses by not voting at all, by voting only for the head of the ticket, by staying away from the primaries, by not reading speeches and documents, by the whole list of sins of omission for which he is denounced. I shall not denounce him further. My sympathies are with him, for I believe that he has been saddled with an impossible task and that he is asked to practice an unattainable ideal. I find it so myself for, although public business is my main interest and I give most of my time to watching it, I cannot find time to do what is expected of me in the theory of democracy; that is, to know what is going on and to have an opinion worth expressing on every question which confronts a self-governing community. And I have not happened to meet anybody, from a President\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 21]of the United States to a professor of political science, who came anywhere near to embodying the accepted ideal of the sovereign and }{\f0\fs24\b1 omnicompetent citizen. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Something about how quickly interacting with polluted thoughts affect the conditioning. Go on reddit and I am immediately plunged into despair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93final considerations\u8221\'94 that \u8220\'93it is the great task of social education to raise the intellectual level of the masses, so that they may be enabled, within the limits of what is possible, to counteract the oligarchical tendencies\u8221\'94 of all collective action.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But nowhere in this well-meant book is the sovereign citizen of the future given a hint as to how, while he is earning a living, rearing children and enjoying his life, he is to keep himself informed about the progress of this swarming confusion of problems. He is exhorted to conserve the natural resources of the country because they are limited in quantity. He is advised to watch public expenditures because the taxpayers cannot pay out indefinitely increasing amounts. But he, the voter, the citizen, the sovereign, is apparently expected to yield an unlimited quantity of public spirit, interest, curiosity and effort. The author of the textbook, touching on everything, as he thinks, from city sewers to Indian opium, misses a decisive fact: the citizen gives but a little of his time to public affairs, has\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 25]but a casual interest in facts and but a poor appetite for theory.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It never occurs to this preceptor of civic duty to provide the student with a rule by which he can know whether on Thursday it is his duty to consider subways in Brooklyn or the Manchurian Railway, nor how, if he determines on Thursday to express his sovereign will on the subway question, he is to repair those gaps in his knowledge of that question which are due to his having been preoccupied the day before in expressing his sovereign will about rural credits in Montana and the rights of Britain in the Sudan. Yet he cannot know all about everything all the time, and while he is watching one thing a thousand others undergo great changes. Unless he can discover some rational ground for fixing his attention where it will do the most good, and in a way that suits his inherently amateurish equipment, he will be as bewildered as a puppy trying to lick three bones at once.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 That is why the usual appeal to education as the remedy for the incompetence of democracy is so barren. It is, in effect, a proposal that school teachers shall by some magic of their own fit men to govern after the makers of laws and the preachers of civic ideals have had a free hand in writing the specifications. The reformers do not ask what men can be\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 27]taught. They say they should be taught whatever may be necessary to fit them to govern the modern world.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The moralist, I am afraid, will agree all too readily with the idea that social education must deal primarily not with the elements and solutions of particular phases of transient problems but with the principles that constitute an attitude toward all problems. I warn him off. It will require more than a good conscience to govern modern society, for conscience is no guide in situations where the essence of the difficulty is to find a guide for the conscience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 When I am tempted to think that men can be fitted out to deal with the modern world simply by teaching morals, manners and patriotism, I try to remember the fable of the pensive professor walking in the woods at twilight. He stumbled into a tree. This experience compelled him to act. Being a man of honor and breeding, he raised his hat, bowed deeply to the tree, and exclaimed with sincere regret: \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me, sir, I thought you were a tree.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Is it fair, I ask, as a matter of morality, to\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 [}{\f0\fs24\b1 29]chide him for his conduct? If he had encountered a tree, can any one deny his right to collide with it? If he had stumbled into a man, was his apology not sufficient? Here was a moral code in perfect working order, and the only questionable aspect of his conduct turned not on the goodness of his heart or the firmness of his principles but on a point of fact. You may retort that he had a moral obligation to know the difference between a man and a tree. Perhaps so. But suppose that instead of walking in the woods he had been casting a ballot; suppose that instead of a tree he had encountered the Fordney-McCumber tariff. How much more obligation to know the truth would you have imposed on him then? After all, this walker in the woods at twilight with his mind on other things was facing, as all of us think we are, the facts he imagined were there, and was doing his duty as he had learned it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In some degree the whole animate world seems to share the inexpertness of the thoughtful\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 30]professor. Pawlow showed by his experiments on dogs that an animal with a false stomach can experience all the pleasures of eating, and the number of mice and monkeys known to have been deceived in laboratories is surpassed only by the hopeful citizens of a democracy. Man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reflexes are, as the psychologists say, conditioned. And, therefore, he responds quite readily to a glass egg, a decoy duck, a stuffed shirt or a political platform. No moral code, as such, will enable him to know whether he is exercising his moral faculties on a real and an important event. For effective virtue, as Socrates pointed out long ago, is knowledge; and a code of the right and the wrong must wait upon a perception of the true and the false.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Darwin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s story of the cats and clover\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_9_9"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 9]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~may be recommended to any one who finds it difficult to free his mind of the assumption that his notions of good and bad are universal. The purple clover is cross-fertilized by the bumblebee, and, therefore, the more bumblebees the better next year\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crop of clover. But the nests of bumblebees are rifled by field mice which are fond of the white grubs. Therefore, the more field mice the fewer bumblebees and the poorer the crop. But in the neighborhood of villages the cats hunt down the field mice. And so the more cats\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 32]the fewer mice, the more bumblebees the better the crop. And the more kindly old ladies there are in the village the more cats there will be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If you happen not to be a Hindu or a vegetarian and are a beef-eating Occidental you will commend the old ladies who keep the cats who hunt the mice who destroy the bumblebees who make the pasture of clover for the cattle. If you are a cat you also will be in favor of the old ladies. But if you are a field mouse, how different the rights and wrongs of that section of the universe! The old ladies who keep cats will seem about as kindly as witches with pet tigers, and the Old Lady Peril will be debated hysterically by the Field Mouse Security League. For what could a patriotic mouse think of a world in which bumblebees did not exist for the sole purpose of producing white grubs for field mice? There would seem to be no law and order in such a world; and only a highly philosophical mouse would admit with Bergson that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the idea of disorder\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 33]objectifies for the convenience of language, the disappointment of a mind that finds before it an order different from what it wants.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_10_10"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 10]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~For the order which we recognize as good is an order suited to our needs and hopes and habits.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There is nothing universal or eternal or unchangeable about our expectations. For rhetorical effect we often say there is. But in concrete cases it is not easy to explain why the thing we desire is so righteous. If the farmers are able to buy less than their accustomed amount of manufactured foods there is disorder and a problem. But what absolute standard is there which determines whether a bushel of wheat in 1925 should, as compared with 1913, exchange for more, as many, or less manufactures? Can any one define a principle which shall say whether the standard of living of the farmers or of any other class should rise or fall, and how fast and how much? There may be more jobs\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 34]than workingmen at the wage offered: the employers will complain and will call it a problem, but who knows any rule which tells how large a surplus of labor there ought to be and at what price? There may be more workingmen than jobs of the kind and at the places and for the wages they will or can take. But, although the problem will be acute, there is no principle which determines how many machinists, clerks, coal miners, bankers, or salesmen it is the duty of society to provide work for.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It requires intense partisanship and much self-deception to argue that some sort of peculiar righteousness adheres to the farmers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 claims as against the manufacturers\u8217\'92, the employers\u8217\'92 against the wage-earners\u8217\'92, the creditors\u8217\'92 against the debtors\u8217\'92, or the other way around. These conflicts of interest are problems. They require solution. But there is no moral pattern available from which the precise nature of the solution can be deduced.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 One school based their reforms on the aphorism that the cure for the evils of democracy is more democracy. It was assumed that the popular will was wise and good if only you could get at it. They proposed extensions of the suffrage, and as much voting as possible by means of the initiative, referendum and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 36]recall, direct election of Senators, direct primaries, an elected judiciary, and the like. They begged the question, for it has never been proved that there exists the kind of public opinion which they presupposed. Since the Bryan campaign of 1896 this school of thought has made great conquests in most of the states, and has profoundly influenced the federal government. The eligible vote has trebled since 1896; the direct action of the voter has been enormously extended. Yet that same period has seen a decline in the percentage of the popular vote cast at presidential elections from 80.75 per cent in 1896 to 52.36 per cent in 1920. Apparently there is a fallacy in the first assumption of this school that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the whole people\u8221\'94 desires to participate actively in government. Nor is there any evidence to show that the persons who do participate are in any real sense directing the course of affairs. The party machines have survived every attack. And why should they not? If the voter cannot grasp the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 37]details of the problems of the day because he has not the time, the interest or the knowledge, he will not have a better public opinion because he is asked to express his opinion more often. He will simply be more bewildered, more bored and more ready to follow along.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Another school, calling themselves revolutionary, have ascribed the disenchantment of democracy to the capitalistic system. They have argued that property is power, and that until there is as wide a distribution of economic power as there is of the right to vote the suffrage cannot be more effective. No serious student, I think, would dispute that socialist premise which asserts that the weight of influence on society exercised by an individual is more nearly related to the character of his property than to his abstract legal citizenship. But the socialist conclusion that economic power can be distributed by concentrating the ownership of great utilities in the state, the conclusion that the pervasion of industrial life\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 38]by voting and referenda will yield competent popular decisions, seems to me again to beg the question. For what reason is there to think that subjecting so many more affairs to the method of the vote will reveal hitherto undiscovered wisdom and technical competence and reservoirs of public interest in men? The socialist scheme has at its root the mystical fallacy of democracy, that the people, all of them, are competent; at its top it suffers from the homeopathic fallacy that adding new tasks to a burden the people will not and cannot carry now will make the burden of citizenship easily borne. The socialist theory presupposes an unceasing, untiring round of civic duties, an enormous complication of the political interests that are already much too complicated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 These various remedies, eugenic, educational, ethical, populist and socialist, all assume that either the voters are inherently competent to direct the course of affairs or that they are making progress toward such an\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 39]ideal. I think it is a false ideal. I do not mean an undesirable ideal. I mean an unattainable ideal, bad only in the sense that it is bad for a fat man to try to be a ballet dancer. An ideal should express the true possibilities of its subject. When it does not it perverts the true possibilities. The ideal of the omnicompetent, sovereign citizen is, in my opinion, such a false ideal. It is unattainable. The pursuit of it is misleading. The failure to achieve it has produced the current disenchantment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The individual man does not have opinions on all public affairs. He does not know how to direct public affairs. He does not know what is happening, why it is happening, what ought to happen. I cannot imagine how he could know, and there is not the least reason for thinking, as mystical democrats have thought, that the compounding of individual ignorances in masses of people can produce a continuous directing force in public affairs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It may be objected at once that an election which turns one set of men out of office and installs another is an expression of public opinion which is neither secondary nor indirect. But what in fact is an election? We call it an expression of the popular will. But is it? We go into a polling booth and mark a cross on a piece of paper for one of two, or perhaps three or four names. Have we expressed our thoughts on the public policy of the United States? Presumably we have a number of thoughts on this and that with many buts and ifs and ors. Surely the cross on a piece of paper does not express them. It would take us hours to express our thoughts, and calling a vote the expression of our mind is an empty fiction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A vote is a promise of support. It is a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 57]way of saying: I am lined up with these men, on this side. I enlist with them. I will follow. I will buy. I will boycott. I will strike. I applaud. I jeer. The force I can exert is placed here, not there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The public does not select the candidate, write the platform, outline the policy any more than it builds the automobile or acts the play. It aligns itself for or against somebody who has offered himself, has made a promise, has produced a play, is selling an automobile. The action of a group as a group is the mobilization of the force it possesses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The attempt has been made to ascribe some intrinsic moral and intellectual virtue to majority rule. It was said often in the nineteenth century that there was a deep wisdom in majorities which was the voice of God. Sometimes this flattery was a sincere mysticism, sometimes it was the self-deception which always accompanies the idealization of power. In substance it was nothing but a transfer to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 58]the new sovereign of the divine attributes of kings. Yet the inherent absurdity of making virtue and wisdom dependent on 51 per cent of any collection of men has always been apparent. The practical realization that the claim was absurd has resulted in a whole code of civil rights to protect minorities and in all sorts of elaborate methods of subsidizing the arts and sciences and other human interests so they might be independent of the operation of majority rule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The justification of majority rule in politics is not to be found in its ethical superiority. It is to be found in the sheer necessity of finding a place in civilized society for the force which resides in the weight of numbers. I have called voting an act of enlistment, an alignment for or against, a mobilization. These are military metaphors, and rightly so, I think, for an election based on the principle of majority rule is historically and practically a sublimated and denatured civil war, a paper mobilization without physical violence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~The public does not know in most crises what specifically is the truth or the justice of the case, and men are not agreed on what is beautiful and good. Nor does the public rouse itself normally at the existence of evil. It is aroused at evil made manifest by the interruption of a habitual process of life. And finally, a problem ceases to occupy attention not when justice, as we happen to define it, has been done but when a workable adjustment that overcomes the crisis has been made. If all this were not the necessary manner of public opinion, if it had seriously to crusade for justice in every issue it touches, the public would have to be dealing with all situations all the time. That is impossible. It is also undesirable. For did justice, truth, goodness and beauty depend on the spasmodic and crude interventions of public opinion there would be little hope for them in this world.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 For when public opinion attempts to govern\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 71]directly it is either a failure or a tyranny. It is not able to master the problem intellectually, nor to deal with it except by wholesale impact. The theory of democracy has not recognized this truth because it has identified the functioning of government with the will of the people. This is a fiction. The intricate business of framing laws and of administering them through several hundred thousand public officials is in no sense the act of the voters nor a translation of their will.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But although the acts of government are not a translation of public opinion, the principal function of government is to do specifically, in greater detail, and more continually what public opinion does crudely, by wholesale, and spasmodically. It enforces some of the working rules of society. It interprets them. It detects and punishes certain kinds of aggression. It presides over the framing of new rules. It has organized force which is used to counteract irregular force.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 It is the function of public opinion to check the use of force in a crisis, so that men, driven to make terms, may live and let live.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 These conclusions are sharply at variance with the accepted theory of popular government. That theory rests upon the belief that there is a public which directs the course of events. I hold that this public is a mere phantom. It is an abstraction. The public in respect to a railroad strike may be the farmers whom the railroad serves; the public in respect to an agricultural tariff may include the very railroad men who were on strike. The public is not, as I see it, a fixed body of individuals. It is merely those persons who are interested in an affair and can affect it only by supporting or opposing the actors.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Always this sensation that the past was good and wholesome, but then the mind matures and discovers its , and as it is new to their mind, it is of course newly born. Then, if they have any learning at at, they learn that no, these issues are not new, these suffering have been suffered and battled over in a continuous war going back to the dawn of man. The war will still be waged when they are dead and gone. There is no hope in ending it. One side may hold sway for some period of time, but it is never ended.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The environment is complex. Man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s political capacity is simple. Can a bridge be built between them? The question has haunted political science ever since Aristotle first formulated it in the great seventh book of his\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Politics}{\f0\fs24\b0 . He answered it by saying that the community must be kept simple and small enough to suit the faculties of its citizens.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 79]We who live in the Great Society are unable to follow his advice. The orthodox democrats answered Aristotle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question by assuming that a limitless political capacity resides in public opinion. A century of experience compels us to deny this assumption. For us, then, the old question is unanswered; we can neither reject the Great Society as Aristotle did, nor exaggerate the political capacity of the citizen as the democrats did. We are forced to ask whether it is possible for men to find a way of acting effectively upon highly complex affairs by very simple means}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Somewhat in the spirit of Descartes, let us begin by supposing that your whole experience were confined to one glimpse of the world. There would be, I think, no better or worse in your sight, neither good men nor bad, patriots nor profiteers, conservatives nor radicals. You would be a perfect neutral. From such an impression of things, it would never occur to you that the crest of a mountain endured longer than the crest of a wave, that people moved about and that trees did not, or that the roar of an orator would pass sooner than the roar of Niagara.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 Lengthen your experience, and you would begin to notice differences in the constancy of things. You would know day and night,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 82]perhaps, but not winter and summer, movement in space, but little of age in time. And if you then formulated your social philosophy, would you not almost certainly conclude that the things you saw people doing then it was ordained they should do always, and that their characters as you had seen them that day would be thus and so forever? And would not the resulting treatise pass almost unnoticed in any collection of contemporary disquisitions on the nations, the races, the classes or the sexes?}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But the more you lengthened the span of your impression, the more variability you would note, until at last you would say with Heraclitus that all things flow. For when the very stars and the rocks were seen to have a history, men and their institutions and customs, habits and ideals, theories and policies could seem only relatively permanent. And you would have to conclude that what at first glance you had called a constant turns out after you had watched it longer merely\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 83]to be changing a little more slowly than something else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With sufficiently long experience you would indeed be bound to conclude that while the diverse elements that bear upon the life of men, including the characters of men themselves, were changing, yet they were not changing at the same pace. Things multiply, they grow, they learn, they age, they wear out and they die at different rates. An individual, his companions, his implements, his institutions, his creeds, his needs, his means of satisfaction, evolve unevenly, and endure unevenly. Events do not concur harmoniously in time. Some hurry, some straggle, some push and some drag. The ranks have always to be reformed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Instead of that one grand system of evolution and progress, which the nineteenth century found so reassuring, there would appear to be innumerable systems of evolution, variously affecting each other, some linked, some in collision, but each in some fundamental\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 84]aspect moving at its own pace and on its own terms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The disharmonies of this uneven evolution are the problems of mankind.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Suppose a man who knew nothing of the history of the nineteenth century were shown the tables compiled in the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Statistical Abstract of the United States}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~for the period from 1800 to 1918: He would note that the population of the world had multiplied two and a half times; its total commerce 42 times; its shipping tonnage more than 7 times; its railways 3664 times; its telegraphs 317 times; its cotton production 17 times; its coal 113 times; its pig iron 77 times. Could he doubt that in a century of such uneven changes men had faced revolutionary social problems?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Could he not infer from these figures alone that there had been great movements of population, vast changes in men\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s occupation, in the character of their labor, their wants, their\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 85]standards of living, their ambitions? Would he not fairly infer that the political system which had existed in 1800 must have altered vastly with these new relationships, that customs, manners and morals appropriate to the settled, small and more or less self-contained communities of 1800 had been subjected to new strains and had probably been thoroughly revised? As he imagined the realities behind the tables, would he not infer that as men lived through the changes which these cold figures summarize they had been in conflict with their old habits and ideals, that the process of making new habits and adjustments must have gone on subject to trial and error with hopefulness over material progress and yet much disorder and confusion of soul?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Solution - society for even change, working the shadows. Witches?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The field of economic activity is the source of many problems. For, as Cassel says,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_23_23"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 23]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~we include within the meaning of the word economic those means of satisfying human wants which are \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93usually available only in a limited quantity.\u8221\'94 Since \u8220\'93the wants of civilized human beings as a whole are,\u8221\'94 for all practical purposes, \u8220\'93unlimited,\u8221\'94 there is in all economic life the constant necessity of reaching \u8220\'93an adjustment between the wants and the means of supplying the wants.\u8221\'94 This disharmony of supply and demand is the source of an unending series of problems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We may note at once that the economist does not claim as his province the whole range of adjustments between human wants and the means of satisfying them. He usually omits, for example, the human need to breathe air. For since the air is unlimited in quantity the human need of it is not frustrated,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 93]and the surplus air not required by men in no way impinges upon their lives. Yet there may be a scarcity of air, as, for example, in a congested tenement district. Then an economic problem is engendered which has to be met, let us say, by building laws requiring a certain number of cubic feet of air a person. The economist, in other words, takes as his field of interest the maladjustment between human wants and those means of satisfying them which are available, but only in limited quantities. In a world where every want was satisfied there would be no problems for him; nor any in a world where men had no wants; nor any in a world where the only wants men had could be supplied by a change on their part of their own states of consciousness. To create a problem there must be at least two dependent but separated variables: wants and the means of satisfaction; and these two variables must have a disposition to alter so that an antecedent equilibrium is disturbed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the measure, says Cassel, in which the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 94]economic system succeeds in securing an adjustment between the wants and the means of supplying the wants we speak of it as a sound economy. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This task may be accomplished in three different ways: first, by eliminating the less important wants and so restricting the total wants; secondly, by making the best possible use of the means available for the purposes in question; and, thirdly, by increased personal exertions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 It is impossible to imagine in the universe a harmony of all things, each with all the others. The only harmonies we know or can conceive, outside of what Mr. Santayana calls the realm of essences, are partial adjustments which sacrifice to some one end all purposes which conflict with it. That the tree may bear fruit for us, we readily kill the insects that eat the fruit. So the fruit will ripen for us, we take no account of the disharmony we create for innumerable flies.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but even this notion of disharmony, of empathizing with the fly, doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t this have some kind of contradiction?  Do flies care about harmony? Does the tree? Does God?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whiny man who always looks like he is on the verge of tears.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Unfortunately for the fly, therefore, we are bound to judge him by human values. In so far as we have power over him, he must submit to the harmonies we seek to establish. We may as a sporting matter admit his theoretical right to establish his own harmonies against us if he can, and to call them better if he likes, but for us that only is good which is good for man. Our universe consists of all that it contains, not as such, not as the fly knows it, but in its relation to us. From any other point of view but man\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s, his conception of the universe is askew. It has an emphasis and a perspective, it is shaped to a design which is altogether human. The very forms,\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 [}{\f0\fs24\b1 97]colors, odors and sound of things are dependent for their quality upon our sense organs. Their relations are seen and understood against the background of our necessities. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the realm of man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interests and purposes and desires, the perspectives are even narrower. There is no human point of view here, but only the points of view of men. None is valid for all human beings, none for all of human history, none for all corners of the globe. An opinion of the right and the wrong, the good and the bad, the pleasant and the unpleasant, is dated, is localized, is relative. It applies only to some men at some time in some place under some circumstances.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Against this deep pluralism thinkers have argued in vain. They have invented social organisms and national souls, and oversouls, and collective souls; they have gone for hopeful analogies to the beehive and the anthill, to the solar system, to the human body; they\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 98]have gone to Hegel for higher unities and to Rousseau for a general will in an effort to find some basis of union. For though men do not think alike, nor want the same things, though their private interests are so distinct that they do not merge easily in any common interest, yet men cannot live by themselves, nor realize even their private purposes without taking into account the behavior of other people. We, however, no longer expect to find a unity which absorbs diversity. For us the conflicts and differences are so real that we cannot deny them and instead of looking for identity of purpose we look simply for an accommodation of purposes.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The principles underlying them are these:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 1. Executive action is not for the public. The public acts only by aligning itself as the partisan of some one in a position to act executively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 2. The intrinsic merits of a question are not for the public. The public intervenes from the outside upon the work of the insiders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 3. The anticipation, the analysis and the solution of a question are not for the public. The public\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s judgment rests on a small sample of the facts at issue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 4. The specific, technical, intimate criteria required in the handling of a question are not for the public. The public\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s criteria are generalized for many problems; they turn essentially on procedure and the overt, external forms of behavior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 5. What is left for the public is a judgment as to whether the actors in the controversy are following a settled rule of behavior or their own arbitrary desires. This judgment\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 145]must be made by sampling an external aspect of the behavior of the insiders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 6. In order that this sampling shall be pertinent, it is necessary to discover criteria, suitable to the nature of public opinion, which can be relied upon to distinguish between reasonable and arbitrary behavior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 7. For the purposes of social action, reasonable behavior is conduct which follows a settled course whether in making a rule, in enforcing it or in amending it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It is the task of the political scientist to devise the methods of sampling and to define the criteria of judgment. It is the task of civic education in a democracy to train the public in the use of these methods. It is the task of those who build institutions to take them into account.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 but no less and perhaps even more, so that each of us may live free of the trampling and the roar of a bewildered herd.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The source of that bewilderment lies, I think, in the attempt to ascribe organic\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 156]unity and purpose to society. We have been taught to think of society as a body, with a mind, a soul and a purpose, not as a collection of men, women and children whose minds, souls and purposes are variously related. Instead of being allowed to think realistically of a complex of social\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 relations}{\f0\fs24\b0 , we have had foisted upon us by various great propagative movements the notion of a mythical entity, called Society, the Nation, the Community.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the course of the nineteenth century society was personified under the influence largely of the nationalist and the socialist movements. Each of these doctrinal influences in its own way insisted upon treating the public as the agent of an overmastering social purpose. In point of fact, the real agents were the nationalist leaders and their lieutenants, the social reformers and their lieutenants. But they moved behind a veil of imagery. And the public was habituated to think that any one conforming to the stereotype of nationalism or of social welfare\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 157]was entitled to support. What the nationalist rulers thought and did was the nation\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose, and the touchstone for all patriots; what the reformers proposed was the benevolent consciousness of the human race moving mysteriously but progressively toward perfection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The deception was so generally practised that it was often practised sincerely. But to maintain the fiction that their purposes were the spirit of mankind, public men had to accustom themselves to telling the public only a part of what they told themselves. And, incidentally, they confessed to themselves only a part of the truth on which they were acting. Candor in public life became a question of policy and not a rule of life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He may judge rightly,\u8221\'94 Mr. Keynes once said of Mr. Lloyd George,\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_27_27"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 27]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93that this is the best of which a democracy is capable,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to be jockeyed, humbugged, cajoled along the right road. A prejudice for truth or for\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 158]sincerity as a method may be a prejudice based on some \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6sthetic or personal standard inconsistent, in politics, with practical good. We cannot yet tell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We do know, as a matter of experience, that all the cards are not laid face up upon the table. For however deep the personal prejudice of the statesman in favor of truth as a method, he is almost certainly forced to treat truth as an element of policy. The evidence on this point is overwhelming. No statesman risks the safety of an army out of sheer devotion to truth. He does not endanger a diplomatic negotiation in order to enlighten everybody. He does not usually forfeit his advantages in an election in order to speak plainly. He does not admit his own mistakes because confession is so good for the soul. In so far as he has power to control the publication of truth, he manipulates it to what he considers the necessities of action, of bargaining, morale and prestige. He may misjudge the necessities. He may exaggerate\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 159]the goodness of his aims. But where there is a purpose in public affairs there are also apparent necessities which weigh in the balance against the indiscreet expression of belief. The public man does not and cannot act on the fiction that his mind is also the public mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 You cannot account for this, as angry democrats have done by dismissing all public men as dishonest. It is not a question of personal morals. The business man, the trade-union leader, the college president, the minister of religion, the editor, the critic and the prophet, all feel as Jefferson did when he wrote that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93although we often wished to go faster we slackened our pace that our less ardent colleagues might keep pace with us ... [and] by this harmony of the bold with the cautious, we advanced with our constituents in undivided mass.\u8221\'94\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_28_28"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 28]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The necessity for an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93undivided mass\u8221\'94 makes men put truth in the second place.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 160]I do not wish to argue that the necessity is not often a real one. When a statesman tells me that it is not safe for him to disclose all the facts, I am content to trust him in this if I trust him at all. There is nothing misleading in a frank refusal to tell. The mischief comes in the pretense that all is being told, that the public is entirely in the confidence of the public man. And that mischief has its source in the sophistry that the public and all the individuals composing it are one mind, one soul, one purpose. It is seen to be an absurd sophistry, once we look it straight in the face. It is an unnecessary sophistry. For we do well enough with doctors, though we are ignorant of medicine, and with engine drivers, though we cannot drive a locomotive; why not, then, with a Senator, though we cannot pass an examination on the merits of an agricultural bill?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 he liberal discovered a method of proving that men are finite, that they cannot escape from the flesh. }{\f0\fs24\b1 From the so-called age of enlightenment down to our day the heavy guns of criticism have been used to make men realize that they submit, as Bacon said, the shadows of things to the desires of the mind. }{\f0\fs24\b0 Once the resistance was broken by proof that man belonged to the natural world, his pretensions to absolute certainty were attacked from every quarter.\~}{ }{\f0\fs24\b0 \~He was shown the history of his ideas and of his customs, and he was driven to acknowledge that they were bounded by time and space and circumstance. He was shown that there is a bias in all opinion, even in opinion purged of desire, for the man who holds the opinion must stand at some point in\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 163]space and time and can see not the whole world but only the world as seen from that point. So men learned that they saw a little through their own eyes, and much more through reports of what other men thought they had seen. They were made to understand that all human eyes have habits of vision, which are often stereotyped, which always throw facts into a perspective; and that the whole of experience is more sophisticated than the na\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u239\'EFve mind suspects. For its pictures of the world are drawn from things half heard and of things half seen; they deal with the shadows of things unsteadily, and submit unconsciously to the desires of the mind.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The man who wrote this stole the wife of his best friend. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Put this next to maybe something from Andre Gide - this man abused children. How to determine rigorous insightful minds. They say, well, separate the art from the artist. This is the stupidiest thing. Begin only with a person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s behavior. Do they spend time helping people. Not money. Not words. TIME. For that is truly the only resource which a man can not acquire more of. That. A man who walks the streets, with no one knowing, and gives himself to his suffering fellows.  This can\u8217\'92t be taken advantage of, except when one who speaks loudly about the time he offers others. Seek them out. Then speak to these, and there you will find the philosophies which forge the heart.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was an amazing and unsettling revelation, and liberalism never quite knew what to do with it. In a theater in Moscow a certain M. Yevreynoff carried the revelation to one of its logical conclusions. He produced the monodrama.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_30_30"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 30]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~This is a play in which\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 164]the action, the setting and all the characters are seen by the audience through the eyes of one character only, as the hero sees them, and they take on the quality which his mind imagines they possess. Thus in the old theater, if the hero drank too much, he reeled in the midst of a sober environment. But in M. Yevreynoff\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supremely liberal theater, if I understand Mr. Macgowan\u8217\'92s account of it correctly, the drunkard will not reel about the lamppost; two lampposts will reel about him, and he will be dressed, because that is the way he feels, like Napoleon Bonaparte.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line M. Yevreynoff has troubled me a good deal, for he seemed to have finished off the liberal with a fool\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cap, and left him sitting in a world that does not exist, except as so many crazy mirrors reflecting his own follies one upon the other. But then I recalled that M. Yevreynoff\u8217\'92s logic was defective and make-believe. He had all the time stood soberly outside his own drunken hero, and so had his\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 165]audience; the universe had not after all gone up in the smoke of one fantasy; the drunken hero had his point of view, but, after all, there were others, just as authentic, with which in the course of his career he might collide. There might be a policeman, for example, with fantasies to be sure, but his own, who would break in upon the monodrama and remind the hero, and us, that when we submit the shadows of things to the desires of the mind we do not submit the things themselves.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 does vindicate the sanity of the liberal criticism, it does not answer the question: since every action has to be taken by somebody, since everybody is in some degree a drunken hero with two lampposts teetering about him, how can any common good be furthered by this creature who is dominated by his special purposes? The answer was that it could be furthered by taming his purposes, enlightening them and fitting them into each other as the violin and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 166]the drum are fitted together into the orchestra. The answer was not acceptable in the nineteenth century, when men, in spite of all their iconoclasm, were still haunted by the phantom of identity. So liberals refused to write harmonious but separate parts for the violinist and the drummer. They made, instead, a noble appeal to their highest instincts. They spoke over the heads of men to man.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 These general appeals were as vague as they were broad. They gave particular men no clue as to how to behave sincerely, but they furnished them with an excellent masquerade when they behaved arbitrarily. Thus the trappings of liberalism came into the service of commercial exploiters, of profiteers and prohibitionists and jingoes, of charlatans and the makers of buncombe.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 For liberalism had burned down the barn to roast the pig. The discovery of prejudice in all particular men gave the liberal a shock from which he never recovered. }{\f0\fs24\b0 He\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 167]was so utterly disconcerted by his own discovery of a necessary but perfectly obvious truth, that he took flight into generalities. The appeal to everybody\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conscience gave nobody a clue how to act; the voter, the politician, the laborer, the capitalist had to construct their own codes\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ad hoc}{\f0\fs24\b0 , accompanied perhaps by an expansive liberal sentiment, but without intellectual guidance from liberal thought. In time, when liberalism had lost its accidental association with free trade and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 laissez faire}{\f0\fs24\b0 , through their abandonment in practice, it sadly justified itself as a necessary and useful spirit, as a kind of genial spook worth having around the place. For when individual men, guided by no philosophy but their own temporary rationalizations, got themselves embroiled, the spook would appear and in a peroration straighten out the more arbitrary biases they displayed.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Yet even in this disembodied state liberalism is important. It tends to awaken a milder spirit; it softens the hardness of action. But\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 168]it does not dominate action, because it has eliminated the actor from its scheme of things. It cannot say: You do this and you do that, as all ruling philosophies must. It can only say: That isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fair, that\u8217\'92s selfish, that\u8217\'92s tyrannical. Liberalism has been, therefore, a defender of the under dog, and his liberator, but not his guide, when he is free. Top dog himself, he easily leaves his liberalism aside, and to liberals the sour reflection that they have forged a weapon of release but not a way of life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The liberals have misunderstood the nature of the public to which they appealed. The public in any situation is, in fact, merely those persons, indirectly concerned, who might align themselves in support of one of the actors. But the liberal took no such uninflated view of the public. He assumed that all mankind was within hearing, that all mankind when it heard would respond homogeneously because it had a single soul. His appeal to this cosmopolitan, universal,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 169]disinterested intuition in everybody was equivalent to an appeal to nobody.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 No such fallacy is to be found in the political philosophies which active men have lived by. They have all assumed, as a matter of course, that in the struggle against evil it was necessary to call upon some specific agent to do the work. Even when the thinker was out of temper with the human race, he had always hitherto made somebody the hero of his campaign. It was the peculiarity of liberalism among theories which have played a great part in the world that it attempted to eliminate the hero entirely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Plato would certainly have thought this strange: his\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Republic}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is a tract on the proper education of a ruling class. Dante, in the turmoil of thirteenth century Florence, seeking order and stability, addressed himself not to the conscience of Christendom but to the Imperial Party. The great state builders of modern times, Hamilton, Cavour, Bismarck, Lenin, each had in mind somebody,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 170]some group of real people, who were to realize his program. The agents in the theory have varied, of course; here they are the landlords, then the peasants, or the unions, or the military class, or the manufacturers; there are theories addressed to a church, to the ruling classes in particular nations, to some nation or race. The theories are always, except in the liberal philosophy, addressed to somebody.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 By comparison the liberal philosophy has an air of vague unworldiness. Yet the regard of men for it has been persistent; somehow or other with all the lapses in its logic and with all its practical weaknesses it touches a human need. These appeals from men to man: are they not a way of saying that men desire peace, that there is a harmony attainable in which all men can live and let live? It seems so to me. The attempt to escape from particular purposes into some universal purpose, from personality into something impersonal, is, to be sure, a flight from\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 171]the human problem, but it is at the same time a demonstration of how we wish to see that problem solved. We seek an adjustment, as perfect as possible, as untroubled as it was before we were born. Even if man were a fighting animal, as some say he is, he would wish for a world in which he could fight perfectly, with enemies fleet enough to extend him and not too fleet to elude him. All men desire their own perfect adjustment, but they desire it, being finite men, on their own terms. Because liberalism could not accommodate the universal need of adjustment to the permanence and the reality of individual purpose, it remained an incomplete, a disembodied philosophy. It was frustrated over the ancient problem of the One and the Many. Yet the problem is not so insoluble once we cease to personify society. It is only when we are compelled to personify society that we are puzzled as to how many separate organic individuals can be united in one homogeneous organic individual. This logical underbrush\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 172]is cleared away if we think of society not as the name of a thing but as the name of all the adjustments between individuals and their things. Then, we can say without theoretical qualms what common sense plainly tells us is so: it is the individuals who act, not society; it is the individuals who think, not the collective mind; it is the painters who paint, not the artistic spirit of the age; it is the soldiers who fight and are killed, not the nation; it is the merchant who exports, not the country. It is their relations with each other that constitute a society. And it is about the ordering of those relations that the individuals not executively concerned in a specific disorder may have public opinions and may intervene as a public.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The practical effect of the monistic theories of society has been to rationalize that vast concentrating of political and economic power in the midst of which we live. Since society was supposed to have organic purposes of its own, it came to seem quite reasonable that these purposes should be made manifest to a people by laws and decisions from a central point. Somebody had to have a purpose revealed to him which could be treated as the common purpose; if it was to be accepted it had to be enforced by command; if it was really to look like the national purpose, it had to be handed down as a rule binding upon all. Thus men could say with Goethe:}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And then a mighty work completed stands,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One mind suffices for a thousand hands.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_31_31"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 31]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 The harvest in September of the planting in May is now determined not only by wind and weather, which his religion has from time immemorial justified, but by a tangle of distant human arrangements of which only loose threads are in his hands. He may live more richly than his ancestors; he may be wealthier and healthier and, for all he knows, even happier. But he gambles with the behavior of unseen men in a bewildering way. His relations with invisibly managed markets are decisively important for him; his own\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 [}{\f0\fs24\b1 176]foresight is not dependable. He is a link in a chain that stretches beyond his horizon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The r\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u244\'F4le that salesmanship and speculation play is a measure of the spread between the work men do and the results. To market the output of Lancashire, says Dibblee,\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_32_32"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 32]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the merchants and warehousemen of Manchester and Liverpool, not to mention the marketing organizations in other Lancashire towns, have a greater capital employed than that required in all the manufacturing industries of the cotton trade.\u8221\'94 And, according to Anderson\u8217\'92s calculations,\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_33_33"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 33]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~the grain received at Chicago in 1915 was sold sixty-two times in futures, as well as an unknown number of times in spot transactions. Where men produce for invisible and uncertain markets \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the initial plans of enterprisers\u8221\'94\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_34_34"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 34]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~cannot be adequate. The adjustments, often very crude and costly, are effected by salesmanship and speculation.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 The centralizing tendencies of the Great Society have not been accepted without protest, and the case against them has been stated again and again.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76966/pg76966-images.html#Footnote_37_37"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 37]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Without local institutions, said de Tocqueville, a nation may give itself a free government, but it does not possess the spirit of liberty. To concentrate power at one point is to facilitate the seizure of power. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you going to do?\u8221\'94 Arthur Young asked some provincials at the time of the French Revolution. \u8220\'93We do not know,\u8221\'94 they replied; \u8220\'93we must see what Paris is going to do.\u8221\'94 Local interests handled from a distant central point are roughly handled by busy and inattentive men. And in the meantime the local training\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 184]and the local winnowing of political talent are neglected. The overburdened central authority expands into a vast hierarchy of bureaucrats and clerks manipulating immense stacks of paper, always dealing with symbols on paper, rarely with things or with people. The genius of centralization reached its climax in the famous boast of a French minister of education, who said: It is three o\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92clock; all the pupils in the third grade throughout France are now composing a Latin verse.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There is no need to labor the point. The more centralization the less can the people concerned be consulted and give conscious assent. The more extensive the rule laid down the less account it can take of fact and special circumstance. The more it conflicts with local experience, the more distant its source and wholesale its character, the less easily enforceable it is. General rules will tend to violate particular needs. Distantly imposed rules usually lack the sanction of consent. Being less suited to the needs of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 185]men, and more external to their minds, they rest on force rather than on custom and on reason.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Yet the practice of centralization and the philosophy which personifies society have acquired a great hold upon men. The dangers are well known. If, nevertheless, the practice and the theory persist, it cannot be merely because men have been led astray by false doctrine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If you examine the difficulties enumerated by the sponsors of great centralizing measures, such as national prohibition, the national child labor amendment, federal control of education or the nationalization of railroads, they are reducible, I think, to one dominating idea: that it is necessary to extend the area of control over all the factors in a problem or the problem will be insoluble anywhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there are two ways power can centralize - government and corporation}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Lloyd George might have said the same of domestic affairs. There, too, factors abound which you cannot influence. And as empires expand to protect their frontiers, and then expand further to protect the protections to their frontiers, so central governments have been led step by step to take one interest after another under their control.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 In supreme crises the dilemma is presented absolutely. Possibly a war can be fought for democracy; it cannot be fought democratically. Possibly a sudden revolution may be made to advance democracy; but the revolution itself will be conducted by a dictatorship. Democracy may be defended against its enemies but it will be defended by a committee of safety. The history of the wars and revolutions since 1914 is ample evidence on this point. In the presence of danger, where swift and concerted action is required, the methods of democracy cannot be employed.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }