{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So we have aclunky paragraph or two.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lens of A>B>A>B>C etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the problem is split between, are that letters individually lame, or simply constructed in the wrong order.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lens 1 : Letter concept}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lens 2 : Letter Order}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lens 3 : Letter execution}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Difference between concept and execution????}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stumbled out into it, awestruck, even humbled. The floor was a dark red mirror, reflecting shadows and torches. His addled mind could not decide whether this was an underground lake of blood, or red quartz surface so finely finished that he could see his face, even see his eyes inside it. His ragged, skeletal visage was so shocking that he instinctively tried to snuff it out. The oiled sole of his rubbed-raw shoe squeaked against hard stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A. Mandri awestruck}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 B. Floor a mirror, reflecting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 C. Addled mind reflections are lake or polished stone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 D. Can see his face inside it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 E. Frightened by the sight}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 F. Rub it out, sole squeaking against stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Transition from A>B is jarring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Awestruck > How this is triggered by a reflecting floor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stumbled out into it, awestruck, even humbled. The floor magnified his sense of insignificance, for it stretched was a dark red mirror, reflecting shadows and torches.}}