{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Shalda continent is a big crescent slab of anthracite rock that tilts down into the strait of Hormuz like a sinking ship. The continent\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s gradual slope is not something that\u8217\'92s noticed by most of the people living there. You can\u8217\'92t see it with the naked eye. The land is just too big. All folk see is the local river tumbling downhill. And these are hardscrabble folk who move from task to task, people who, according to the mind of Danserd Fark, only know things of immediate utility. Danserd didn\u8217\'92t begrudge them their ignorance. He knew that it takes a person blessed with a life of leisure and wealth to travel to every corner of the continent, to map its major rivers, and then to wonder why they all flow in the same direction: North. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The slope is most starkly seen if you start at sea level on a northern Shalda beach and then travel due south to one of the Hrkkan cliff cities that face the open ocean. Over the course of half a year you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll have ascended 1,000 leagues. Danserd had made the journey over twenty times. Only four of those times he was on official ambassadorial business. In times of late he no business other than sating his desire to discover new and fascinating kinds of plants. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Plants, trees, grasses - the more Danserd looked the more he saw how the edges between these things was not so clear as it seemed. They were the key, he thought, to unlocking the truth behind so many mysteries, and first among these was question of Life itself; what is it?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Are plants alive? Not everyone agrees. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Danserd would ask this question to almost everyone he met, and generally speaking, people would say yes, plants are living creatures. They share so many of the attributes that intuitively define Life. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Living things move. Plants move. They don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 seem}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to move, but Danserd had taken the time to watch them}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . Thei}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 r}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  roots burrow inquiringly into the earth, the}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ir}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  buds and twigs swing in definite }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 arcs chasing the sun. In the space of one afternoon he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d seen a vine-tendril }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 circle }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 around three times in a questioning arc, searching for something to latch on to.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Living things grow. Plants grow. This point is obvious.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Living things drink water. Plants drink water. This is a bit of the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91utility knowledge\u8217\'92 of hardscrabble folk. In all Danserd\u8217\'92s travels he found that no one was knew more about just how much water a certain plant needed, and moreover, what }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 kind}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  of water, as there are, for example, various weeds in the that thirst for a salty brine. These bulbous plants had different uses. Pickleweed. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Living things have children. Plants have children. A seed is no different than egg. To reinforce this point, Danserd never used the word \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91seed\u8217\'92. He\u8217\'92d say, \u8220\'93the oak\u8217\'92s eggs\u8221\'94 instead of \u8220\'93the oak\u8217\'92s acorns\u8221\'94, and he\u8217\'92d talk about the thing giving birth. But also because it annoyed his wife, Seculla.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Living things eat. Do plants eat? Danserd believed that they did. In his magnificent garden he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d planted some species of jackweed in pots that were filled with dark, loamy soil, the kind typical of the temperate valley of Hrk. Over the course of several months the potted soil started to brown. The jackweeds started to sag and its many stems started to limp. When Danserd re-potted the thing into fresh soil, it perked right back up again. Danserd knew this wasn\u8217\'92t proof, but it was a suggestion, nonetheless, that on the tips of the jackweed\u8217\'92s roots were little mouths that were sucking up not just water but food.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Living things kill. This was a point raised by a shalzi slave that Danserd met in Agrahbah. To eat, one has to kill. This simple fact was woven into the man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s cosmogony: the twinned creator gods were a capricious bunch. Story of God creating man as a cruel trick: His punishment: To eat you must kill a living thing. One cannot get sustenance from a rock. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The slave\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s accord was thus; because plants are eaten, then they must be alive.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Danserd then asked this slave the obvious question: if plants are alive, then they must be killing and eating as well, so what are plants killing? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The slave said it was all a big circle, that the plants are killing and eating us. All living things are supposed to be immortal. But the plants are poisoning the air and then they feast on our corpses when we die. Birds, beasts, and beetles too. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The man was a dog worshiper. He would feed his dead relatives to packs of dogs. The idea was to keep their corpses out of the ground and out of the reach of roots. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d grind whatever bones were leftover into dust and then he tossed that into the dog\u8217\'92s water trough. Then he made bricks out of the feces.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Danserd had to consider it, because Humans do indeed kill to eat, as do all manner of beasts. It certainly seems that killing is a fact of life. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There are certain Solean sects that say no. They say that life requires a measure of the spark, and plants lack awareness.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then there are Jandri folk how claim that plants are not alive because they do not breathe. Breath is the sign of life. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Breathing - fish breathe different substance, gives him the idea that plants breathe sunlight.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Danserd thought that plants were the most interesting thing about the journey up the Great Slope of Shalda. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d first have to travel south from always start deep south, to the Hrkkan highlands, were nothing grows taller than a footshrub because nothing can survive the winter if it grows above the snow drifts. Just north of that are the sparse woodlands of aspen and oak, and further north still is the belt of thick oak forest which stretches east and west across the whole continent. Further north still and the sun comes out and it gets hot enough in the summers to dry things out and spark fires, so the oaks forests cant compete with the fast growing grasses and fireproof palmettos. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then come the true lowlands, where swamp grasses and waterborne nuts }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you call it life,\u8221\'94 Ralph continued, \u8220\'93it\u8217\'92s gotta be killing something, doesn\u8217\'92t it? Anything can die. I can crush a rock with my hammer and I can crush a bug with my hammer, yet we say the rock is a thing and the bug is a life. Why? Because the bug kills other bugs. That\u8217\'92s how you know they\u8217\'92re alive. It\u8217\'92s the killing and the eating.\u8221\'94 That last word rolled through Ralph\u8217\'92s beard like a saw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Trees eat children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck, no\u8230\'85 Definition of life. Bugs have children, rocks don\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s what makes a bug alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cut a man\u8217\'92s balls off, what is he then? Dead? Just because he can\u8217\'92t have children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s of a type that has children.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ralph just shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say it\u8217\'92s killing. If these trees are alive, then that means they\u8217\'92re killing something. Could be it\u8217\'92s us. I heard once that we\u8217\'92re supposed to be immortal, and that the trees are poisoning the air to age us, so they can feast on our corpses when we die. We think we\u8217\'92re tending the orchard field but it\u8217\'92s really the orchard field tending to us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where the hell did you hear that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From some pacified herd in the south. They\u8217\'92re mostly dead now. Dog worshippers the were. Fed their dead to packs of dogs to keep them out of the ground. Ground the bones to dust then tossed in with the water the dogs lapped up. Then they made bricks out of the feces.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No wonder you\u8217\'92re all \u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Loopey}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve always said I should contemplate more, so I\u8217\'92ve been contemplating. What do you think Eliza?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Living things can grow. Everything else can only waste away.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 My favourite part used to be taking off my clothes. Watching his pupils dilate. Eyes glaze over. Jaw going slightly slack. Breaths getting deeper. Both knowing what he wants.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd was here. Asking questions about you. You know they told me that these plants do eat. Sunlight.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They were askign about me?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yes. They wanted to know about you.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla and husband shol are having a pleasant conversation in a garden.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Reveal nature of their relationship. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Metaphorical plants.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Husband is a green thumb who just wants to plant things.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Husband is scion of early Hrkan family. Permanent membership in the senate. No kids (opposing senators use this againts seculla, females should be having babies). He doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want kids.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Plants as insight into the mind of the creator.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gara has his holy texts, but what is closer}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - society like a garden.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What does Seculla want in this scene? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 >>>> Shes\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 worried about how the vote will go today. You need to be there. Things will happen. Their trying to pin the disappearance of mazyd orzo on me.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Plant in garden same plant to subsume the god. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Look at this new one\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe talking about a certain plant with a certain effect that comes up later? Like glowing green jaw, you know the dude is chewing on shit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dude is cultivating drugs. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kind of a hippie shur.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Aide\u8217\'92 rushes into where Seculla and her husband Shol. Walking through the garden.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re meeting, without you. Trying to force it to a vote.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Come.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When she talks, she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s beautiful, when her face sits still her awkward features settle down all misshapen.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If you don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t like people, you should try plants}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -solitary plant, struggling to grow, alone. Self-contained, really hits home how alone}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -what is best in life? A barrow full of plants}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -two peeps in a garden - right now there is a battle - plants fighting eachother}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well. To begin with, I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know how I did or when it first started. Because I didn\u8217\'92t realize it when it happened. But, somehow or another, I got the feeling that I would have a better time with younger people. Which I was havin a pretty good time. Until I realized it all had to come to an end. The way I realized that was to get a divorce. I don\u8217\'92think I could be married to a man like him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Why is that?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well he is a hard working man. And when someone makes love to me now, I want them to be affectionate and consoling, not just there to have sexual intercourse. And I have never had that. I think thats why I kind of turned against Dr. Graham. When I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m with him I\u8217\'92ll feel attracted towards him. Then he\u8217\'92ll say somethin that hits me the wrong way and I go to pieces. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen was a poet and Seculla was a trial lawyer.  The poet crafts verse and hopes that it will sing when played on the human heart, and the lawyer does the same, just does it more bluntly, with less rhyming and more certainty. Lives are at stake. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the only real difference between us\u8221\'94, Seculla would say. That and the fact that a lawyer gets paid by the hour.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Often, when they laid together, Mandrameen would tease her about this. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d say that if a lawyer is just a poet working for money, then a lawyer is no better than a whore. Money cheapens Virtue. A whore cheapens Love. A lawyer cheapens the Truth. He\u8217\'92d spank her on the bottom for effect.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla would wave him off with her usual air of grace. She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d argue that there\u8217\'92s no such thing as the Truth. A single murder recounted by three different witnesses will result in three different stories. Unless there\u8217\'92s a bloody knife in hand we are all invincibly ignorant. Everything boils down to a he-said she-said, and everyone picks a side. You can\u8217\'92t blame them. It is only natural. Might as well get paid to do it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is little wonder that the two disagreed on how the Law should be structured. Mandrameen believed that morality was written on the hearts of men. He believed that Humans were endowed by Nature with natural rights. The Law should emanate from these and protect them. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For Seculla, it didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t matter what anyone }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 thought}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  the law should be, there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s only what it was: a practical thing for resolving the complexities of a dispute. It is subject to circumstance, politics, and power, and that\u8217\'92s all it will ever be. No one has anything by natural right. You only have what you can take for yourself. She\u8217\'92d say this right before grabbing a handful of Mandrameen\u8217\'92s ass - more for her own pleasure than effect. After all, the only law truly written on the heart is that of Self-Interest.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps if Seculla had been alive to see Ayram\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s band, she might not have been so quick to doubt that Humanity has an intrinsic moral compass. Perhaps if Mandrameen had seen it, he might not have liked the direction that the compass's needle was pointing, for it didn\u8217\'92t point to Liberty or anything noble, it pointed to Ayram.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A genealogist proves to a prince that he is the direct descendant of a count whose relatives had mde  family pact three or for hundred years ago with a house whose very nme has left no memory. THis house had remote pretensions to a province whose last owner had just died of apoplexy. The prince and his council conclude without difficulty that the province belongs to him by divine right. THis province, which is some hundreds of leagues distant, protests in vain that it does not know him, that it has no wish to be governed by him, that one must at least have a people\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s consent before legislateing for it. These discourses do not even reach the ears of the prince whose rights are incontestable. He immediately finds a great number of men who have nothing to do nor to lose. He dresses them in heavy blue cloth at 110 sous the ell, puts a heavy white cord round their hats, makes them turn left and right, and marches to glory.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I worry about you\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94\line \u8220\'93I worry you\u8217\'92ll become one of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}