{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Art in tudors - didnt think of morality of art as we do. Making things is a craftsmanship. Works were judged by criteria that we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t recognize today. How did they judge? Criterion: how important, how beautiful, is quite simply its costliness. Its cost is the most frequent thing commented on. Admiriation if expensive, or disparaging if something looked cheap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Also - cunning - the skill with which something was made. Dagger - goblet - alabaster tomb chest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Third criteria - novelty. The hunger for novelty was intense - new decoration, manufacturing techniques, new objects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obssission with placement. One object next to another. A magnivicent display of gold plate, on a carved wooden buffet set in front of an inlaid tapestry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nobody talked about art. Nobody talked about styles. It was simply - objects with which the wealthy surrounded themselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When did wealthy go from functional objects to a decorative purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Men and women who surrounded the monarch in their household}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Household != court. Househould makes everything possible -meals activities, etc. Court is amorphous concept - the people who are around the monarch at any one time. But the people who ae besetting the king are ornaments to his power. The people who are the machinery who make the spectacle possible. The court = courtliness - manners and behaviors to which its members suscribe. Early medieval kings did not have this. They were surrounded by tough soldiers, men of action. But during the 14th century, these warbands gradually became more interested in the arts - tapestry, painting, poetry, - macho verison of these things gave way to artistic accomplishment. At the same time, women were brought into the court, softening this aggressive mix of people around the monarch. This all becomes a marked feature in the reign of richard II. 1377-1399. Royal court begins in his reign. His was a court that expresses an interest in culture. Comprises women to much greater extent than any previous court. It could portray itself magnificently. Had within it hierarchy. Richard loved crown, ceremony, clothes, rich food, famous portrait in westminster abbey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wilton diptych.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry 8}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obesssion with heraldry and coats of arms. Style guides for them. Painter and herald workshops were in adjacent houses.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 LAWYER who has no friends. I just love disagreement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have invisible lines that not even I know. Cross it, and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll hate you forever.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy put to death for quartering the king\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 New type of decoration in 1513 - the antique - any type of decoration that draws its inspiration from ancient rome. A new type known as grotesque work - late 15th cent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1490s  a group of intrepid painters break their ways into underground passages and caverns that made up the buried remains of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91golden house\u8217\'92 of the emporer nero. Until these explorers made their way into buried rooms, no one had seen decorated interior before. Painters like pentarichio found this wonderland. THey turned it into a new form of decorative interior. By 1500s became all the rage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then printing came int being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have written a guide for those who have been burdened with wife and children, and those who have not traveled in life,\u8221\'94 equivalent disadvanteges.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heralding arms -> discover italian art -> explosion in \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91creativity\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vasari, echoing Vitruvius, described the style as follows:}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grotesque#cite_note-Wilson,_152-9"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 9]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Grotesques are a type of extremely licentious and absurd painting done by the ancients ... without any logic, so that a weight is attached to a thin thread which could not support it, a horse is given legs made of leaves, a man has crane's legs, with countless other impossible absurdities; and the bizarrer the painter's imagination, the higher he was rated".}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wool > silk > arras}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tapestry before painting = integrated with the architecture of the room. Dense taprestries lots of figures. Cost as much as a ship equipped with guns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stpaul - a story in nine seams, a rich weave laden with gold. Cost 3,000 pounds, or two warships.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 English church split off - lower cultural trade with mainlaind europe. Grotesque gave way to strapwork.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In 16th century england, easel painting was not a prestigious form of craft.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Waves of iconoclasm which destroyed paintings and murals - trying to improve upon gods creation when it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s already perfect. Waves in 1520\u8217\'9230\u8217\'92s anotheir in the 40\u8217\'92s}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Huge amounts of paintings in pre-reformation disappeared.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, every citizen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wife that wears a taffitant kertle and a velvet hat must have portrait hanging int he hall.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Likeness often commissioned to celebrate an event in a person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Convey information about hte person - their status, the likes, ther profession, etc. Portraits can be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91wrong\u8217\'92. Queen asks privy council to seek out bad portraits of herself and have them burned. So - produce an official likeness, then tax people to copy it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No art, only what you can do for the patron.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Please the eye and serve the hand}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Medieval christendom culture flowed without schism. Artists from all over europe in england.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then henry schosm. 3 generations of englishman would not travel abroad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1629 peter paul reubens traveled to england - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Man who turned to sculpture so they can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be burned (at least they\u8217\'92ll have to work at it.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A crown and chain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The English word first appears in the 1560s as a noun borrowed from French, and comes originally from the Italian\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 grottesca}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(literally "of a cave" from the Italian\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 grotta}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , 'cave'; see\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grotto"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 grotto}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grotesque#cite_note-Online_Etymology_Dictionary-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~an extravagant style of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_wall_painting_(200_BC%E2%80%93AD_79)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ancient Roman decorative art}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~rediscovered at Rome at the end of the fifteenth century and subsequently imitated. The word was first used of paintings found on the walls of basements of ruins in Rome that were called at that time\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 le Grotte}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~('the caves').\~ \~These 'caves' were in fact rooms and corridors of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domus_Aurea"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Domus Aurea}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the unfinished palace complex started by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nero"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nero}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~after the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Fire_of_Rome"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Great Fire of Rome}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~in CE 64, which had become overgrown and buried, until they were broken into again, mostly from above. Spreading from Italian to the other European languages, the term was long used largely interchangeably with\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arabesque_(European_art)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 arabesque}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moresque"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 moresque}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~for types of decorative patterns using curving foliage elements. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-vAfBhcKdU"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-vAfBhcKdU}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b0\i0 <$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2>}}