{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He leaps off the cot and kicks it rolling on its casters in bloat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s direction. Bloat, plummeting, hits square amidships with a great strum of bedsprings. One of the legs collapses. \u8220\'93Good morning,\u8221\'94 notes Pirate. Bloat smiles briiefly and goes back to sleep, snuggling well into Pirate\u8217\'92s blanket.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pirate has become famous for his banana breakfasts. Messmates throng here from all over england, even some who are allergic or outright hostile to bananas, just to watch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for the politics of bacteria, the soil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stringing of rings and chains in nets only god acan tell the meshes of, have seen the fruit thrive often to lengths of a foot and a half, yes amazing but true.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Icefields below a cold smear of sun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, oh, yes: around the curve of the Earth, farther east, the sun over there, just risen over in Holland, is striking the rockets\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 exhaust, drops and crystals, making them blaze clear across the sea\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The pores of his face are prickling. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osbie Feel stands in teh minstrels\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 gallery, holding one of the biggest of pirate\u8217\'92s bananas so that it protrudes out the fly of his striped pajama bottoms\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  stroking with his other hand the great jaundiced curve in triplets against 4/4 toweard the ceiling, he acknoledges dawn with the following:  song.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So the same assertion-through-structure allows this war morning\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s banana fragance to meander, repossess, prevail. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mashed banans molded in the shape of a british lion rampant, bllended with eggs into a batter for french toast, squeezed out a pastry nozzle across the quivering creamy reaches of a manan blancmange to spell out the words c\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92est ma\u8230\'85.tall cruets of pale banana syrp to p our oozing over banana waffles, a giant glazed crock where diced bananas have been fermenting since the summer with wild honey and muscat raisins, up out of which, this winter morning, one now dips foam mugsfull of banana mead\u8230\'85 banaa croissants and banana kerplach, and banana oatmeawl and banana jam, and banana bread, and bananas flamed in ancient brandy pirate brought back last year from a cellar in the pyrenees also containing a clandestineradio transmitter\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The phone call, when it comes, rips easily across the room, the hangovers, the grabassing, the clatter of dishes, the shoptalk, the bitter chuckles, like a rude metal double-fart, and pirate knows it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got to be for him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Adenoid preteration}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like a stupendous nose sucking in snot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But by then, the firm was allowing pirate only tiny homeopathic doses of peace, just enough to keep his defenses up, but not enough for it to poison him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flagstones are slippery with mist. It is the dark, hard, tobacco-starved, headachy, sour-stomach middle of the day, a milllion bureaucrats are diligently\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a gumpopping smile}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Shit in bottom of sack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things have fallen roughly into layers, over a base of bureaucratic smegma that ifts steadily to the bottom, made up of millions of tiny red and brown curls of rubber eraser, pencil shavings, dried tea or coffe stains, traces of sugar and household milk, much cigarette ash, very fine black debris picked and flung from typwriter ribbons, decomposing library paste, broken aspirins ground to powder. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}