{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid14}
{\list\listtemplateid15\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid15}
{\list\listtemplateid16\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid16}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}{\listoverride\listid15\listoverridecount0\ls15}{\listoverride\listid16\listoverridecount0\ls16}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Inverse Presuppositionalism:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Presupp:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Claim: Intelligibility is grounded in the existence of god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The contradiction is; The non-Presup is affirming the positions that: A) X is possible and B) X isn't possible at the same time. X = justified predication, rational thought, intelligibility He's affirming A by choosing to engage in debate. He's choosing B by choosing to operate through a non-Biblical worldview.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Definition of God}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 God is a mind, eternal and ultimate. Ultimate means that which is eternal and the ground of why anything exists. He is the source of possibility of whatever can be or cannot be. God is that which is self-contained, non-dependent, and the basis of why anything has come into existence and exists that is not God. God possesses all great-making properties without which there couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be the securing of all intelligibility. God has revealed He has thoughts and qualities. All other gods of human history are not ultimate. God is the concrete universal. Concrete means that God is real as opposed to an abstraction. It means there is one thing. Everything is universally derived and depends upon God because He is the concrete unifier.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Definition Atheism, Agnosticism and Theism}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Defined by Darth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Darth clarifies the position of the unbeliever on the existence of God by asking whether they believe in the existence of God (theism), deny the existence of God (atheism) or withhold judgment about God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s existence (agnosticism). He typically asks, \u8220\'93Are you taking a position on the existence or non-existent of God?\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Are you committed to the belief that God exists?\u8221\'94 This step in his approach is crucial because their answer determines how he responds. In Darth\u8217\'92s view, there are only three possible answers they could provide:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Theism \endash  The belief in the existence of God}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Atheism \endash  The denial of the existence of all God concepts\line \endash  Global and Local Atheism}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Global atheism \endash  there is no God whatsoever regardless of the kind of god}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Local atheism \endash  The denial of some God concepts.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Agnosticism \endash  Withholding judgment about the existence of God. It is neither affirming nor denying the existence of God.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Defined by Unbeliever}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The answers the unbelievers provide vary. They might affirm theism, atheism and agnosticism according to Darth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s definitions or they might have different definitions and variations of the positions. Let\u8217\'92s examine some common alternatives:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Atheist \endash  lack of belief in gods, it is not a disbelief or denial of gods}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Agnostic Atheism/Weak Atheist/Hard Agnostic \endash  Atheistic because they do not hold a belief in the existence of God and agnostic because they claim the existence of God is unknowable or currently unknown. Atheism is about what you believe. Agnosticism is about what you know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Soft Agnostic \endash  does not know whether there is a God}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Darth\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Reply}{\f0\fs24\b0 : You are claiming that you are not taking a position on God, but you are contradicting your claim because you are committed to your claim of independence of facts from God which necessarily commits you to the non-existence of God. You are logically committed to the denial of God in spite of your claim that you are not taking a position on God. You deny the existence of God. Then how is it that God doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exist?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The objective is to show that there are ultimately only two positions: the affirmation of the existence of God or the direct or indirect denial of the existence of God. There ultimately is no genuine agnostic position, which he shows reduces to atheism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The Atheist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Burden of Proof}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 How did you determine that there is no Creator God? What is your rational justification that no God exists? God does not exist because\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Atheist Responses}{\f0\fs24\b0 :}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Because it hasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been proven. I am not convinced. Because I don\u8217\'92t have a reason to believe in it.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: This is the argument from the ignorance fallacy (argumentum ad ignorantiam). A proposition is invoked to the truth because its opposite or negation has not been shown to be true. That not-X is to be considered true because you are unconvinced of X. The not-God worldview (not-X) is true because the God worldview (X) has not been shown to be true. Would you accept my reasoning that the God worldview is true because the not-God worldview has not been defended to my satisfaction? No.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 The only things that exist are things that we are convinced of? There are some things that we know do exist that we are not convinced of.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 There is no evidence}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls5\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: How did you determine all the facts that you are acquainted with do not necessitate referencing God?}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 There is not enough evidence}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls6\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: It is not coherent to say somethings are evidence for God while some things are not. Either everything is evidence for God or not. If one fact necessitates referencing God as Eternal Creator, then they all do. If one fact doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t necessitate referencing God, then they all don\u8217\'92t.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 4.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Which God?}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls7\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: This is bait and switch. The atheist is moving from global atheism to local atheism. When asked \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How is it that no God exist?\u8221\'94 this question encompasses global atheism. If I ask you if there is no ice cream in the bowl, I\u8217\'92m not asking you to tell me what flavor is not in the bowl.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 5.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 God hasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t revealed Himself to me and He would know what it would take me to believe.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls8\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: What they are saying is all of the facts that they are acquainted with do not necessitate referencing the necessity of God. If yes, then can you tell me how to determined that?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: The statement is a non-sequitur. Is it internally logically consistent that a personal God who created the world chooses not to engage in revelation?}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 6.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 I have no reason}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls9\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: Why hold to a position that is irrational?}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 7.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 I believe in Big Bang and Evolution}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls10\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: This is a non-sequitur. It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t follow that there is no God.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 8.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 We made up the attributes of God}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls11\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: This is the genetic fallacy.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What this means is you believe facts are to be categorized as existing independent from God until shown otherwise. If one believes that facts depend upon God, then they are implicitly affirming God. Conversely, if you believe facts exist with independence from God you are implicitly denying God.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 How God\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Existence is Known}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We only reason that God does exist because he has taken the initiative to reveal Himself}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 God and Facts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In order for facts to be facts they need to start in the mind of God, they are then implemented in His plan of creation and history. We always start with the revelation of God. Facts require metaphysical context and God is the ultimate reference point. If we take one fact at all and we were to concur that the fact was indicative of God, that would mean that all facts do. We couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say within the God world that some facts revealed God but others do not. The core of a fact, what makes a fact a fact, is that God made it that way. This would be true of any other fact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Without God being the concrete universal from which all things are tied and derive their context, all of the so-called facts are no facts at all. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re just unconnected and unrelated. What we just have is the autonomous mind of man coming along starting with certain beliefs that he can never ground. Then he tries to do an inductive survey and then throws a mental grid over it trying to explain what things are. He doesn\u8217\'92t know any interpretation of facts either individually or collectively could turn out to be false tomorrow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We show God exists if and only if He takes the initiative to reveal Himself through creation. We can show that God exists by virtue of the fact that facts couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be facts without God, since there are facts, therefore they reveal God. If they don\u8217\'92t reveal God they wouldn\u8217\'92t be facts. If the unbeliever wants to reject that, they must tell us how there can be facts where they don\u8217\'92t have God as the ultimate reference point. They can\u8217\'92t. Everything would be shrouded in mystery so everything they claim to be facts will be uninstantiated as facts. The unbeliever adopts autonomy. It is that they do not regard their minds to be derivate and revelatory of God Himself. The mind of man just is. The mind of man through his daily experiences can collect beliefs and thereby develop a system through induction, deduction, and abduction by which to interpret new facts. If we don\u8217\'92t annihilate the atheist reasoning when we present all facts reveal God, the atheist will just fall back in his unbelief. But he cannot fall back on his unbelief because it\u8217\'92s without basis. He will either have to give a rationale for why God doesn\u8217\'92t exist or He is going to have to admit that his atheism is arbitrary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The Transcendental Argument}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Darth Question}{\f0\fs24\b0 : Do you believe all the facts that you are acquainted with derive and depend upon God or not? Do you positively believe that facts necessitate deriving and depending upon the necessity of God? Do you believe that God is the necessary precondition of all facts that are not God?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The rational justification to believe in God is because He has revealed Himself in and through creation and through the course of history revealed sovereignty and providentially in the Bible and person of Jesus Christ. When they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t accept this they are making a counter-claim. That they don\u8217\'92t need the God of Christianity who has revealed Himself to give an account for how anything is intelligible. They cannot answer this. There is nothing identifiable or defensible for why anything is. They have no defense that God doesn\u8217\'92t exist. Either they believe all facts derive and depend upon God or they do not. The law of excluded middle says something is either A or not-A. There is no middle ground. Either God is the necessary precondition of all facts or not. If you do not believe all facts depend upon God, this is called the independence of facts from God.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Unbeliever Responses:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls12\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 All facts do not derive and depend upon God}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: This necessarily and logically commits them to the non-existence of God. God cannot logically co-exist in a world where one fact doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t depend upon Him. The two propositions: 1) God is the creator and sustainer and all facts derive and depend on Him and 2) All facts do not derive and depend upon God are contradictory. Contrary to the atheist claim that they only lack belief but don\u8217\'92t deny God, they do deny God by believing the counter-claim that all facts do not depend upon the mind and plan God.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 2. All facts do derive and depend upon God}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Darth Question}{\f0\fs24\b0 : How did you determine all facts do not derive and depend upon God?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Applications of the Transcendental Argument}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Uniformity of Nature / Continuity and Discontinuity}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When the unbeliever says they can interpret everything naturally, they are going to have to include within that the conceptual scheme of what is fundamental and absolute that will then institute and secure what regularities there are. In order for the unbeliever to believe anything, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going to require some level of continuity or regularity of nature to believe the future will be like the past. In order to speak intelligibility of the uniformity of nature (UON), the UON would itself have to be absolute or something else must be absolute that imposes perpetuity of the uniformity of nature. The unbeliever cannot give a rational justification for what is either absolute or ultimate that would secure the UON which will be an underlying basis for there to be intelligibility. If they don\u8217\'92t know what the absolute contextual layer is, they cannot have a rational justification for the UON, because whatever continuity there was in the past would abruptly stop. Without identifying what is fundamental and the basis and source of continuity/regularity of nature, then their belief and expectation of the regularity of nature are unjustified. Either the continuity is ethereal or there is an absolute and ultimate that imposes it. Without the mind and plan of God keeping the continuity in perpetuity, there\u8217\'92s no rational basis to expect the consistencies of the past will continue at any time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Self-Consciousness Presupposes God}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Even the fact of our own self-consciousness revealed God being that our self-consciousness in order for it to be rational and intelligible will have to be created and sustained by the Mind of God, or else our self-consciousness would have no explanation for what or why it is. It makes no difference for them to explain what consciousness is cause I would ask what imposes that. What imposes those parameters of what makes consciousness is what it is. We start with our proximate starting point \endash  our self-consciousness. Our ultimate starting point would be the mind of God. Our self-consciousness will either be indicative or revelatory of God or not. We only have two options. If it is not, then what is it that instantiates what our consciousness is and how does it have intelligibility? Is there a connectedness between our thoughts? What makes it so?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Fundamental and Ultimate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When the unbeliever rejects God as Creator, we always have to keep in mind what they are not believing. They are not being God is ultimate, absolute and the one who institutes and secures creation. They are not believing God is the one who secures the principle of continuity and discontinuity. They are not understanding that God is the concrete universal where everything is tied, related, deriving and depending upon Him. Therefore their worldview is just an array of particulars and events that have no rhyme or reason as to why they are. When they appeal to laws of nature they cannot justify it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 You need to prove that which you are invoking as absolute and ultimate or\~fundamental. You need to prove that, but when they start talking about continuity and the uniformity of nature and the causal principle,\~then what is it that imposes that. You could never identify what is fundamental and ultimate and the source of all possibility so you have no metaphysical context for facts. If you say there is not an Ultimate, then there is no ground for truth, reason, or intelligibility. In the absence of God revealing Himself, we have no basis for invoking Him as ultimate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Atheists have an open system. They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a closed system where they have an identifiable defensible absolute \endash  an ultimate from which all things derive and depend. That ultimate or absolute would be the ultimate reference point. It would be the source of all possibility. In biblical theology this is called the \u8220\'93principium ascendia\u8221\'94 -the ground of all being. In order to explain to the unbeliever why their position is incoherent, they need to understand what they are not believing. Once they understand what they are not believing, we can juxtapose that with what they do believe. What they do believe doesn\u8217\'92t have coherence because there is no ultimate frame of reference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Darth\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Question}{\f0\fs24\b0 : How did you determine what is fundamental and ultimate to all contingent and temporal states is not God? How did you determine what is ultimate is not personal? What is it that is ultimate and fundamental?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ultimate is that which is eternal, unconditionally non-dependent and the source and basis of all possibility and impossibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Atheist Responses}{\f0\fs24\b0 :}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls13\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Depends on which God you are talking about.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls14\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: Bait and switch. The atheist is moving from global atheism to local atheism.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls13\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 I have no rational grounds.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls15\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Then why can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t I argue that God exists because He exists? You hold to the independence of facts from God, so you can hold to the existence of God without a rational basis too. Why request reason for the existence of God, when you hold to the independence of facts from God on irrational grounds? Your criteria to believe or not believe must be on rational grounds. Do you have rational grounds as to why you believe it is not necessary to reference God? If not, then you have no grounds to request reason for God\u8217\'92s existence.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls13\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know whether anything is ultimate.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls16\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Rebuttal: Then you cannot hold to the position that there is no god which would be defined as that which is ultimate. You would be undecided about the existence of God. If you do not know whether anything is ultimate, then you cannot be in a position to say that there is no God because God is in the category of what is ultimate so you need to decide which position you hold to. Either you hold to the position \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not believe or know that anything is or is not ultimate\u8221\'94 or you are going to have to hold to the position that \u8220\'93there is no God as what is ultimate.\u8221\'94 You cannot hold both positions.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Possibility and Impossibility}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Darth\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Question}{\f0\fs24\b0 : What makes anything possible and impossible? What is it that is fundamentally ultimate that imposes and secures what is possible and impossible? Is anything impossible? If you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t explain that then you have no rational grounds for the intelligibility of anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Problem of the One and the Many}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Darth\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Question}{\f0\fs24\b0 : Is reality a concrete one/particular or an abstract set of concrete particulars? Is there something that is singular that is dictating all states of affairs and what the facts are or is it a plurality of things? What is your justification for that which is ultimate and it will have to be singular? What is the singular that which is ultimate?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s say I have 100 blue marbles. I could use a single term to abstractly unify the 100 particular blue. What if I were to take super glue and glue them all together, the super glue would be joining all the things together. The super glue is concrete and not abstract, so it is concretely unifying all of the particulars. Abstract one means the oneness would subsist of two or more concrete particulars. If there are two or more things that are not concretely unified, then neither one of them isolated from the other, can be ultimate. Only that which is singular and possesses absolute unity can be ultimate. If there are two more things they will exist in independence from each other and therefore neither one of them are ultimate. They know that they cannot identify with the rational justification that there is either a singular ultimate or that there is a plurality of things. If there is a plurality of things, then they cannot be categorized as ultimate because only a singular could be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Only in the Christian worldview where we have a concrete singularity, the being, and essence of the unified God, who subsists as three co-equal, co-eternal persons, who are eternally unified as one being. He institutes the world, and the world operates according to his mind and plan, so there can consequently be intelligibility. God is in the category of a concrete universal, all things are derived from God universally. But the unifying of all of the particulars universally is not abstract \endash  it is concrete. By definition, God is in his own category. If you were to conclude that God is real, then God by definition would have to be ultimate. Being ultimate means that God is the source and basis of why anything exists.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Response:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 The interlocutor has an option which DD will immediately deny, but it is a legitimate rational grievance:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 How does DD justify that this concept of God is\~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 concept of God?\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 DD knows this concept is not necessarily the Christian God he claims to believe in, that more is needed to prove Christianity to be true, but that aside, just because one defines things does not make that thing a genuine object of cognition or of intuition. DD cannot respond to this, because virtually nobody outside the German Idealist tradition even conceives of the possibility of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 objective concepts,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 i.e. concepts that prove themselves to be what they are, and not because we say they are. Stipulation by subjective definition, or by revelation of any kind, cannot attain this objectivity of concepts that count as valid for cognition and judgment.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}