{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Start with an organism within in an evolutionary environment - so populations evolving according to natural selection pressures - and to kickstart mind, these organisms are required to have some machinery which creates models of the external world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crude example - early visual systems, e.g. a river fluke - proto-eye, dish in its head with a hole at the bottom to focus light, Shadow passes overhead, triggers proto-optic nerve, triggers proto-neuron, triggers proto-muscle flexion and release. Sees a shape it moves. This behavior is modeling the external world - i.e. shadows are scary things to eat you. - this is a proto-mind. This modeling mechanism is the early mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As evolution improves the eye, it also improves the model - so we have not just a shadow, we have a clearer picture, and we go from one inherited mechanistic template template to several. Very simply, one behavior if you see something like X, vs. a different behavior if you see something like Y. This is because some shadows are worth running from, some aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t worth the energy expenditure. It\u8217\'92s building a more accurate model of external reality. Template query mind. Very simple logic gates. Rise of the And/Or/ Exclusive OR. Nature is programming these biological machines. In some sense this is \u8216\'91genetic memory\u8217\'92 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not the woo woo kind. Basically, inherited templeates of shadow shapes, brightness, softness, nearness, etc. And as the visual system develops, so to do these patterns.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More complex - split into left-vs-right}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So we have this process being carried}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -information enters visual systm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -information is run through algorithmic queries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -outputs behavior}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next development, is to take all this machinery, double it, and run the two in parallel. - or potentially in sequence on same thread if it all occurs fast enough.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first process is the original process}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Input from external world}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clone process is the state simulation process}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You take the world state from the first process, and simulate it through your cloned algorthim, and output an expected state.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So shadow goes overhead, input gets run through both processes - output behavior is to swim away from the shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - simulated process says shadow predicts next state - shadow will recede}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - this is an expectation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - mechanism of for overlaying expectations onto the output result, which then changes the algorithm for next pass - current machine learning models.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So now we have input- simulation of input- rewriting simulation to more accurately portray external world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TO improve we add Memory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Memory is storing changes. Old sim is stored for potential future use. Checked against similar situations. So shadow appears, theres the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91main thread\u8217\'92 layer, the simulation layer, but also stored simulation layers, which are essentially all the same. See its all the same hardware, but just reorderable, and writable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Essentially, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re all the same functionality, just extra layers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Input visual stim processing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Imprinting onto simulation processing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Imprinting onto memory processing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Imprinting onto memory storage\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So we have:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Input simulation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Several layers of Virtual simulation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And the basic logic that governs which simulation is primary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reasoning is what happens when this whole process operates without the input simulation. So, somewhat of a recursive simulation. Templates, stencils which are the product, are then layered over logic stencils to determine a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91what would happen if\u8217\'92 - ability to anticipate situations and build models of them before they happen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Visual stim layer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Simulation layr}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2nd sim layer - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91memory\u8217\'92 layer }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - comes with adjoining memory storage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If we put another layer in, do we get reasoning?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What would reasoning mean in context here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - reasoning, is making the memory layer the main thread, you are imprinting various internal sheets on top of eachother. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve certain stencils, some stencils are \u8216\'91foundational\u8217\'92 - higher weighting in terms of \u8216\'91truth value\u8217\'92, and then you imprint those on other stencils, memory stencils.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reasoning is, instead of the visual stem layer being the topmost layer, instead of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91body/tactile\u8217\'92 thread, you have the memory thread}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OR}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inverted flow, bottom up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Modeling abstractly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its essentially a layered, reorderable, read-writable template fitting process.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Metalness of metal - doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mean anything}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mind does not require a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91body\u8217\'92 - no organs that intake data from the physical world. What is required is the \u8216\'91main-thread\u8217\'92 input.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldgK7EhEnto"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldgK7EhEnto}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 &t=4246s}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 QUALIA}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - does raymarched process, running on a computer, what is doing the observing???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - layer}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - not at all clear that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91redness of red\u8217\'92 is not some telos-esque bootstrapping of platonic forms. - I can shave all barbers who shave themselves - life was once considered to be composed of fundamentally different stuff- elan vital. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - how to put the question in a form that makes it seem sensible - philosophical zomies doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - graphics programming. Where is the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91screen\u8217\'92, and where is the observer?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - models camera - some quaternion in there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - model view projection matrix transformation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - observe neural network, look for something that looks like matrix transformations}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Lies in building up of Identity - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - indentity layer - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Simulations of own self. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - gets piggybacked visual system.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab How to restate \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why does red appear as red?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab What is doing the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93watching\u8221\'94?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Camera obscura onto the optic nerve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab That information gets transmitted to\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85where? How is this information observed?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Ignore color. Black and white. Easier to say dark and light is fundamental. - white and black.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Black and white image onto the optic nerve \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/uncanny-sight-in-the-blind"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/uncanny-sight-in-the-blind}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Kinda only affects }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Sound and pain being gradations of the same feeling. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vat to fatten up some doormice}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Password ascent system of the ophean heresey.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mystical ascent literature.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The divine curtain which separates the world from divinity,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Curtain which settles over the divine face. The vast history of the cosmos is embroidered onto the curtain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Essay on the toxicity of belief.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 autopoietic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 equifinality}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aganathans- they are that flatworm - anestor of all modern chordates.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hypercane - hurricane}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Egyptian god based off of nummulites - snake fossil}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}