{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76109/pg76109-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76109/pg76109-images.html}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 Russo-Japanese War}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(8 February 1904 \endash  5 September 1905) was fought between the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_Empire"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Russian Empire}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Empire_of_Japan"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Empire of Japan}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~over rival imperial ambitions in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manchuria"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Manchuria}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korean_Empire"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Korean Empire}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . The major land battles of the war were fought on the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liaodong_Peninsula"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Liaodong Peninsula}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and near\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shenyang"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Mukden}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in Southern Manchuria, with naval battles taking place in the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellow_Sea"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Yellow Sea}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_of_Japan"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Sea of Japan}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {However, book begins with, }
\par\plain {Emporer of Russia - worried by the war.}
\par\plain {Emperor of Japan - who began the war.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was only by some rare stroke of forehandedness, daring, or luck, by which he escaped temporarily from the Japanese watchfulness and censorship, that any correspondent was able at this time to do effective work.}{ }{\f0\fs24\b0 Of the little army of men who tried to chronicle the war, with pencil or camera, none more really \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93made good\u8221\'94 than Collier\u8217\'92s photographer, James H. Hare. Mr. Hare worked in Tokio before war was declared, and he followed Kuroki\u8217\'92s army from its landing in Korea through the Yalu campaign and until the battle of the Sha-Ho. Mr. Hare is a specialist not in any sense a \u8220\'93button-pusher,\u8221\'94 as he calls the amateur who carries a camera as an incidental. \u8220\'93When we stood on the heights of Wiju,\u8221\'94 wrote Collier\u8217\'92s correspondent, Frederick Palmer, \u8220\'93the soldiers appeared only as the veriest specks to a camera lens. Jimmy wanted to see the charge as much as the rest of us. But the detail had to be shown and the photographer must be near the detail, so Jimmy slipped away when the censor wasn\u8217\'92t looking. I wonder if those who saw the realistic pictures of the groups of wounded around the hospital tents at the Yalu realized at all what they cost this little man, who is nearing his fiftieth year. He was the first of the correspondents\u8217\'92 corps to cross the river. He trudged through miles of sand up to his knees. His pony was worn out; his weary servant promptly resigned. But Jimmy himself was up the next morning at daybreak, ill and pale, developing the first photographs of the army at the front to be published.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Dozens of photographs which the reader may survey at his ease were taken only after long marches over frozen and wind-swept country. Films were developed in the field with the help of Korean coolies or Japanese commissary officers, and they reached Collier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office only after being carried scores and perhaps hundreds of miles by coolie runners through a country where a mail service was unknown. Every one of the photographs printed in this book represents an outlay of time, energy, and money of which the uninitiated reader can have only a slight understanding.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 he war between Russia and Japan was a fight for disputed territory. Its immediate cause was the failure of the two nations to agree on the relation which each should maintain toward Korea and Manchuria. The underlying cause of the struggle was the mighty clash that was bound to come when those measures which Japan believed were necessary to her self-existence met the glacier-like progress of Russia eastward toward the Pacific. Through nearly three centuries the Russian Empire had advanced from the Ural Mountains to outposts and outlets on the Pacific Coast. Her mighty plans met no serious check until they came athwart the ambitions and policy of the modernized Japan, which saw in this alleged expansion for industrial development a menace to her integrity as a kingdom. Korea, a buffer between these two powers, became involved in the dispute by the results of the war between Japan and China in 1894.}{\f0\fs24\b1  The intervention of the European Powers in the terms of treaty settlement robbed Japan of her chief spoil, the Liaotung Peninsula, whose stronghold was Port Arthur. Russia, Germany, and France intimated that Japanese occupation of this base must be regarded as a permanent threat to the independence of China and Korea. Three years later, Russia began to fortify Port Arthur, on the pretext that German acquisition of Kiaochau would otherwise disturb the balance of power in North China. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 on the pretext that their disturbing hte balance of power.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Boxer outbreak of 1900 furnished Russia reasons for vastly increasing her military strength in Manchuria, to safeguard her railway across Siberia and her rapidly expanding commercial and colonization interests. Promises were made, and broken, that Manchuria would be evacuated and restored to Chinese control as soon as peaceful conditions were resumed in accordance with the joint agreements of the powers that the integrity of China should be preserved. When it became certain that Russia had no intention of loosening her grip on Manchuria, the Japanese Government proposed a conference, in July of 1903, for the purpose of assuring the lasting peace of Eastern Asia, by agreeing upon a working basis for settlement of the points at issue with Russia.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 During the following week, Russia was hurrying troops toward the frontier and buying horses, while the Argentine cruisers,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Nisshin}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Kasuga}{\f0\fs24\b0 , bought by Japan, were making ready to leave Genoa with rush orders to proceed to Yokohama. Meantime, the negotiations were continued with proposals and counter-proposals that made no progress.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The long-drawn tension of January ended with a pretence of negotiations oscillating between Tokio and St. Petersburg, but by this time the pursuits of diplomacy had become a farce, and both nations were making all possible preparations for a long struggle at arms.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nearly a week before the first blow was struck, it was seen that the prolonged tension had reached the breaking point. At one of the last Cabinet conferences in Tokio hope of peace was abandoned, for the reason that, while Russia was unreasonably delaying her reply to the last Japanese note, she was daily increasing her warlike activities.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The man who judges things by weight, bulk, and dollars may well wonder at Japanese temerity. To Japan, with her 147,000 square miles, the annexation of Korea, with 82,000 square miles, meant what the annexation of Mexico would to the United States. To Russia, with her 8,666,000 square miles, it meant less than Southern California to us. Russia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s population was 140,000,000; Japan\u8217\'92s 44,000,000. On a peace footing the Russian army had 1,000,000 officers and men; the Japanese, 175,000. On a war footing, the Russian 4,600,000 and the Japanese 675,000.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Russia is the Christian nation which has been slowest in development. Mentally, she is just out of the Dark Ages, equipped with the mechanical progress of modern times. Japan is the pagan nation which has been foremost in adopting the worldly essentials of a civilization which is Christian in its origin. Russia is a union of nomadic races, but lately ushered into feudalism, which have, in turn, conquered many other races. Japan has had a stable, organized government longer than England, and the Japanese were a free people when the Saxons were the serfs of the Normans. The Czar is a pope; the Mikado divinity itself. If the Jews were still a nation and a descendant of Moses were their king, he would mean to them what the Mikado means to the Japanese. For all the centuries of the nation\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s existence the Japanese had known no acquisition of territory. The Russians have lived by this.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Japanese engineers had complete maps and measurements of the streams in Manchuria, so that they always knew just what difficulties were to be met}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~which was a quagmire most of the distance, crowded with cavalry, infantry, pack-trains, bullock-carts, and long trains of white-clad natives burdened with bags of provisions, plodding knee-deep through slush and mud. Half-frozen at night, stumbling and slipping all day, each soldier carrying sixty pounds of equipment, this infantry column swept along at a speed of from fifteen to twenty-five miles a day. That such speed was possible was due to the lightness of the Japanese baggage and wagon equipment, which had been specially prepared for the heavy Korean and Manchurian roads.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The lake begins to freeze in November, is completely ice-bound by the middle of December, remaining so for five months. The ice freezes to a thickness of nine feet, which would make sledge traffic perfect, were it not for the fact that wide fissures break its surface, which have a way of frequently closing up and piling the ice high into impassable windrows. These crevices have a width of three to six feet, and are often more than a verst in length, forming a serious impediment to progress on the ice and rendering next to impossible the marching of troops across the lake or the safe sledging of supplies. A thunderous crash, as of an explosion, marks the forming of the crevice, followed by a long, rolling reverberation. The rift instantly fills with water to the level of the ice, and is so agitated at the surface by currents or other forces that eight to fourteen days are required for it to freeze over, when the operation of cracking begins anew, and is repeated throughout the coldest portion of the winter.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The obvious solution to this difficulty was to build a railroad round the end of the lake, a detour of nearly 150 miles, and necessitating the construction of four tunnels. This was out of the question. A powerful ice-crusher, the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Baikal,\u8221\'94 modeled after the ice-crushers successfully used in the Straits of Mackinac, had been built. She could break ice four feet thick, but on the nine-foot ice of the Russian inland sea she made no successful impression. The result was that a line of track had to be laid across the lake, and that before this was completed the troops had to be marched across the forty-mile stretch of wind-swept ice, while their supplies and baggage had to be dragged after them in sledges. Many of the men, wandering on to treacherous ice, were drowned; many were frost-bitten, and all suffered extremely from the arduous labor of the march and the bitter cold.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }