{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fundamental questions }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -problem of multiplicity}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -one/many}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -mind/body problem}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -existence of suffering and evil}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - infinite / finite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -determinant/indeterminite}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wesley Wildman}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Volume 6: Effing the Ineffable: Existential Mumblings at the Limits of Language (Albany, NY: State University of New York Press, 2018) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pervasive reality of anthropomorphism in human religion inspires in the inattentive amateur the specter of unbridled fantasy mated with unconstrained relativism, their dark offspring inducing despair within the sincere, and raucous laughter within the cynical. What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the point of trying to think our way through this morass? Theological argument seems pointless, nothing more than gross satis faction of the instinctive needs of one or another story-telling assem blage of witless human beings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Specialist philosophical theologians who invest in studying multiple models of ultimate reality demur. There can be better and worse in models of ultimate reality! Theological thinking need not be a mere slave to the self-justifying needs of religious groups! When we slow down and consider the matter carefully, we find that the universal territorial claims of anthropomorphism can be, and indeed have been, contested within philosophical theology. We discover that we philo sophical theologians can learn to identify and hold in check our own anthropomorphic cognitive-emotional tendencies, which dramatically changes the prospects for evaluating the relative plausibility of ultimacy models. A properly prepared comparative approach to philosophical theology can make sense of, and perhaps even tame, the relativistic lunacy of anthropomorphic religious ideas, framing the best of them as conceptual models of an ultimate reality that necessarily surpasses the complete cognitive grasp of any possible being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is apophaticism: the acknowledgment that ultimate reality necessarily surpasses the complete cognitive grasp of any possible being, and therefore that cognitive breakdown will be the fate of every endeavor to model ultimatereality. But the apophaticism at workin this book does not lead merely to poetic gestures on the way to turning away from language altogether. On the contrary, apophaticism, properly understood, is radically permissive, promoting precision and play, and inspiring vigorous conceptual wrangling until the very last and best of our concepts fracture into shards at our clay feet. This book mounts a reverent comparative competition among three classes of models of ultimate reality. The entrants are: agential-being models (e.g. classical theism, where a not-less-than-personal God is the ultimate reality), subordinate-deity models (e.g. process theism, where a somewhat personal God is a component within ultimate reality), and ground-of-being models (e.g. religious naturalism, where ultimate real ity is conceived as the axiological depths and dynamics of nature itself, and might be given theistic or non-theistic formulations). To render this comparative competition optimally fruitful, I begin by defining terms and laying out a systematic derivation of several classes of models}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These volumes constitute my philosophical theology. The consistent point of view depicted in them might be called ground-of-being theism, religious naturalism, or apophatic mystical philosophy. I could live with any of thosenames,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Volume 4 discusses the human condition in its biological and social aspects, arguing that we are homo religiosus,in a quite particular sense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  no, homo modelensis - the ape who models, of which religion is just one particular model. A symptom of our biological-logico apparatus being unsuited to comprehend non-mammalian sized structures}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 The attentive reader will notice that the themes of these volumes collectively cover the main loci of a systematic theology as that has been understood in a variety of religious intellectual traditions. My intention is to present systematically a naturalist philosophical the ology, not on behalf of any religious heritage or institution, but in a way that befits, and could only ever arise within, the modern secular academy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Regardless of naming battles, three points have become quite clear to me. First, religious philosophy as multidisciplinary, trans-religious inquiry is not currently understood and will not be endorsed by con crete religious traditions or by the bulk of their theologian intellectuals. The critical implications of religious philosophy inevitably tend to dissolve the social-emotional fabric necessary for robust traditional religious participation, which is directly contrary to the faith-seeking understanding orientation of traditional theologians. Second, the institutional home of religious philosophy as multidisciplinary, trans religious inquiry can only be the secular academy, and the case needs to be made within the university for the inclusion of religious philosophy so understood. That is not an easy case to make because the very idea of religious philosophy is tainted by historical association with intellectual work on behalf and for the benefit of religious institutions operating with fides-quaerens-intellectum moralities of inquiry from which the modern secular university has struggled to free itself, with considerable success. Third, religious philosophy as multidisciplinary, trans-religious inquiry is capable of supporting lively spiritual quests. It does tend to dissolve traditional religious authorities and patterns of participation but it is also capable of supporting forms of spirituality that self consciously engage the world in all of its religious diversity, employing multiple disciplinary lenses.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Philosophical theology as model-making centered theology}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mortimer_J._Adler"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 ortimer J. Adler}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~distinguishes philosophical theology from\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_theology"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 n}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 atural theology}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . While the former is, according to him, theology done by non-Christian philosophers, the latter is done by those who are already Christians and are actually trying to find rational proofs for their faith.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophical_theology#cite_note-:0-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super\cf1 [1]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~Adler thinks that the term "natural theology" is a misnomer and is actually apologetics, and cites as an example\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thomas_Aquinas"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 T}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 homas Aquinas}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 '\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Summa_contra_Gentiles"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 S}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf1 umma Contra Gentiles}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , addressed to the Jews and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moors"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 M}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf1 oors}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~in Spain. Though written as if it were philosophical theology, was in fact, apologetics and not philosophical theology, as it was written by a Christian and not by a pagan. In Adler's view, few books on natural theology are sound works of philosophical theology because they are not written by pagans.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophical_theology#cite_note-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super\cf1 [2]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~An example of philosophical theology, according to Adler, is Aristotle's theology as found in his\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Metaphysics}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Many philosophical theolo gians still argue as if proof and knock-down arguments were meaningful aspirations in regard to ultimate matters of theological interest. What ever proof might mean in mathematics or formal logic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it is not straightforward even in those domains\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it does not apply in any direct way to the evaluation of competing systems of thought about ultimate reality. Fortunately, philosophers of religion and philosophical theolo gians are increasingly embracing probabilistic argumentation, rooted in the awareness that we are really talking about the relative plausibility of entire systems of thought when assessing competing ideas of ultimate reality. The existence of a probabilistic approach to argumentation in other philosophical-theological literature will help the reader locate this study in the wider field of epistemic possibilities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Finally, whatever ultimate reality is, inquiring into it necessarily involves stretching reason and language to the limits of their capacities. Aporias are inevitable. Perspectival shattering may be unavoidable. These failures of rational reach necessitate artistry in the statement of theories of ultimate reality and support a variety of expressive strategies, from systematic exposition to artistic evocation, and from deconstruct ive refusal to poetic indirection. With these inevitabilities firmly in mind, this act of inquiry explicitly takes shape within a broadly apo phatic approach to ultimate reality. It is inquiry at the edge of the sword of futility, but in such a way as to produce not panic or despair but play and precision. If we are going to play, we might as well play hard. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Other philosophical theologians reject inquiry into ultimate reality as fatuous and futile. They argue that inquiry exchanges existentially vibrant engagement with ultimate reality for an absurdly arrogant evaluation process in which philosophers decide on matters that neces sarily lie beyond the powers of human reason. This group has two subgroups. The mono-traditional investors urge us to pick a tradition and invest in it and its internal intellectual debates. These are the go-deep specialists who navigate the world from the perspective afforded by their prodigious investment in one particular way of seeing it. By contrast, the multi-traditional appreciators suggest that we build a Museum of Models that, like an art gallery, permits the capacious soul to appreciate each one as a unique testimony to the depth and wonder of life. We might think of this Museum in more dynamic and embodied terms as a troupe of gifted dancers, representing both living spiritual insights and ideas preserved in philosophic traditions whose members are devoted to commentary and debate, with all of these subtleties registered in distinctive movements of wrist or finger, thigh or torso. Investing in a single tradition and appreciating many traditions can both be practical and honorable ways to manage the problem of plural models. In either case, however, the comparing inquirer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92stheoreticaland existential problem of reconciling conflicting models remains unresolved. Still other philosophical theologians feel dismayed by the moral pri orities of the comparing inquirers, the mono-traditional investors, and the multi-traditional appreciators. These responsible worriers see the after-effects and side-effects of religious ideas as they are embodied in institutions and activated in social contexts. They decry all impractical philosophy, and impractical philosophical theology above all, as wrongly putting the philosopher\u8217\'92s pleasurable pastime before the world\u8217\'92s pain, as blindly supporting the vested interests of religious institutions when trenchant critique would be more appropriate, or as distracting people from pursuing the ultimate paths that lead to liber ation. And they particularly hate having their viewpoint labeled, framed, and hung in the Museum of Models where steely prophetic edge yields to the infinite nausea of perpetual legitimate contrasts. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Finally, some philosophical theologians take a maximally modest road. They avoid inquiry and morality, and scrupulously confine them selves to analysis. These analytical ascetics try not to construct anything. They nurture a powerful aversion to direct speech about ultimate reality under any description, for fear of the stupid ugliness of such Babel-like intellectual and spiritual ambitions. Such traditions prefer joking eva sion, as in many forms of Sufism. Or they police the constructions of others, looking for signs of structural weakness, turning their discoveries into indirect testimonies, as in many forms of post-structuralist philoso phy. Others make design refinements, operating as mono-traditional investors engaged in intricate logical analysis and defense of their local tradition\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beliefs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 common activities in the mainstream of what is misleadingly called \u8220\'93philosophy of religion\u8221\'94 and more accurately called \u8220\'93analytical theology.\u8221\'94 Still others are comparativists moving around the Museum of Models like art critics. However they operate, they remain faithful to their modest creed and deny themselves the dangerous thrills of imaginative construction and inquiry aimed at evaluation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Most philosophical theologians can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help themselves. Each just tends to be a comparing inquirer, a mono-traditional investor, a multi traditional appreciator, a responsible worrier, or an analytical ascetic. The best of them can see virtues in every way. But most have a way, emerging from the exquisite tangle of nature and nurture that defines preference in human beings, even philosophers. Such philosophic pref erences run deep and rarely change more than once in a lifetime, if at all. For better or worse, I am drawn most strongly to the way of the comparing inquirer. I recognize the viability of other ways, appreciate their virtues, and even practice them. But I experience the plural, con structed, and approximate character of all models of ultimate reality intellectually as a puzzle to be solved, and existentially as an invitation to engage ultimate realty through thinking and feeling and acting toward a solution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first of the three Great Models in our reverent competition is the class of agential-being theories of ultimate reality. These theories sup pose that, whatever else it may be, ultimate reality is an agential being, aware of reality, responsive to events, and active within the world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and certainly thus deserving the designation of personal deity even with the language stretching involved in applying the analogy \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93personal\u8221\'94 from the human domain. Most versions of this view also assume that this deity is benevolent and definitive of the good, in a way that is recogniz able by and relevant to human beings. The great appeal of this view is that it automatically vests reality as a whole with personality and intelligibility, meaning and purpose, goodness and beauty. It does this in the simplest way possible for human beings because it allows their self-awareness and relations with other people to function as cues for conceiving ultimate reality. Every aspect of reality is thus rendered precisely as coherent as is the narrative of a focally aware and purpose fully active personal life. If something doesn\u8217\'92t seem to fit into the narrative right now, we can trust that it will make sense eventually in the context of the divine personality; after all, sometimes it takes us a while to figure out the way another human being thinks and acts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No homier view of reality is possible\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nor is any more threatening view possible if one were to feel that such an agential deity were one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s enemy. No theory of ultimate reality is better fitted to the human cognitive tendencies to attribute intentionality to both patterned and random events, and to consolidate in-group identity by appeal to a supernatural power. The close fit between the agential being theory of ultimate reality and human cognitive biases strikes some thinkers as highly suspicious, while others interpret it as serendipitous and evidence of divinely established harmony between God and God\u8217\'92s creatures. All the views in that class necessarily affirm God\u8217\'92s omnipotence, in whatever sense it is meaningful for ultimate reality to be powerful.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thesecondofthe threeGreat Modelsunderevaluation isthe class of subordinate-deity theories of ultimate reality. These views assert that there is a (or at least one) God, that this God is a being with determin ate characteristics, and that this divine being is a component of ultim ate reality, a subordinate being playing a role within wider reality. These views reject the thesis of agential-being theories that ultimate reality is as integrated and intelligible and morally accessible as a personal agent, so the deity is always a subordinate component of the whole. In ancient Manichaeism and Zoroastrianism, ultimate reality is defined as the union of the world with the two Gods that govern it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  two Gods equal in power but opposite in moral valence, locked in eternal battle (at least in the classic forms of these ancient spiritual worldviews). This is the morally most lucid view of ultimate reality in the history of religions, since the human obligation is simply to pick a side and remain loyal to it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a choice that effectively entrains tribal instincts in a way that comes naturally to human beings. In process theism, only one subordinate deity is posited but it plays a special luring and integrating role within a wider cosmic process. This, too, has enor mous moral appeal, since we can assert that such a God is omnibenevo lent without fear of obvious contradiction from experience. Bad things happen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is a part of reality\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but the subordinate-being deity is always trying the divine hardest to make the best of whatever unfolds. All views in this class necessarily limit divine power in order to allow God to operate in a subordinate position relative to ultimate reality as a whole, however that is conceived. But God is still in some sense the highest being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The third of the three Great Models in the competitive mix is the class of ground-of-being theories of ultimate reality. Like subordinate-deity theories, ground-of-being views deny that ultimate reality is intelligible in the coherent and focused way required to assert that it is an agential being. And like agential-being theories, ground-of-being views deny that the world is self-explanatory and affirm that ultimate reality must make sense of the fact that reality is axiologically determinate and ontologically contingent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 determinate and contingent in some sense, that is, but not in the sense required to support attributions of focal awareness and personal agency to ultimate reality. Ground-of being theories of ultimate reality take with great seriousness the post structuralist metaphysical and moral critiques of ontotheology, and accept these critiques insofar as they target the idea of ultimate reality as a determinate agential being. But there are still determinate patterns in the axiological structures and flows of natural reality that demand an answer to the question of why reality is this rather than that, and why it is something rather than nothing, and ultimate reality is the venue for that answer. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But many ground-of-being ultimacy models take advantage of this lack of requirement for a supernature and repudiate supernaturalism in every form. The lack of a supernature entails that the way we encounter nature directly reflects the character of ultimate reality. Agential-being theories and subordinate-deity the ories maintain an interpretative barrier between nature and ultimate reality, which prevents simply reading off the character of one from the other. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anti-supernaturalist ground-of-being theories do not do this because they cannot; no supernature means no hermeneutical buffer ing. This fundamental contrast produces a corresponding difference in the way these theories of ultimate reality respond to empirical discov eries about reality within the natural and social sciences or to experi ence of reality in human life. This point is of the utmost importance for any comparative evaluation of ultimacy models in light of the natural sciences. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If a theologian were to assert that God is both ground-of-being and an agential being, there appears to be a contradiction. This apparent contradiction explains the tension in Western philosophical theology surrounding the famous Jerusalem\endash Athens synthesis, according to which the agential deity so prominent in the Bible is asserted also to be the very \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93being itself\u8221\'94 of Greek philosophy. The same apparent contradiction powers the fierce debates between \u346\'53an\u775\'3Fkara\u8217\'92s non-dualist view of ultimate reality and Ra\u772\'AFma\u772\'AFnuja\u8217\'92s more personalist model of ultimate reality within the Vedanta tradition of South Asian philosoph ical theology. Both traditions boast streams committed to the compati bility of ground-of-being and agential-being models of ultimate reality, and this would appear to threaten the derivation of classes of ultimacy models employed here. But appearances are deceiving in this case. There are four main ways to demonstrate the compatibility ofground of-being and agential-being models of ultimate reality. Two of these involve arguing that one side of the synthesis is to be regarded as ontologically descriptive while the truth of the other side requires symbolic mediation. The first says that God is ontologically the ground of-being and we can also speak symbolically (but not literally, ontolo gically) of God as an intentional agent; that\u8217\'92s German-American philosopher-theologian Paul Tillich\u8217\'92s approach, most of the time. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The second affirms that God is ontologically an intentional agent but we can speak poetically of God in non-personal terms as ground-of-being to express aspects of God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s personal character that are not much like human persons, such as omnipotence and omnipresence; this type of usage is common among personal theists. The third way is to treat both sides of the synthesis as symbolic and to eschew the attempt to talk literally about ontology altogether; I take this to be a defeatist position when pre-emptively invoked, yet one to which we may ultimately be forced by the persistent failure of attempts to speak ontologically of ultimate reality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fourth way of justifying the Jerusalem\endash Athens synthesis is to assert both that God is ontologically ground-of-being and that God is ontologically an agential being. I consider the coherence of this view philosophically fragile, despite its presence in several important tradi tions of philosophical theology. I will make the case for the incoherence of this fourth way of understanding the synthesis later, and also defend the first two ways of maintaining this synthesis (either ground-of-being ontologically, or agential-being ontologically, but not both). For now, it is important to understand how the Jerusalem\endash Athens synthesis is parsed in the classificatory procedure laid out above. Here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the rule: any view that treats God ontologically as an agential being, regardless of the way phrases such as \u8220\'93ground of being\u8221\'94 might also be deployed in such a view, belongs to the agential-being class of models of ultimate reality. This is the ontological basis for the sharp distinction between agential-being and ground-of-being ultimacy models in this study: one class accepts, and the other rejects, the ontological proposition [URA GENT]. Symbolic overlap between the two classes is large, common, conceptually unproblematic, and largely irrelevant to this inquiry.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 collecting philosophy of nature, ontology of nature, theology of nature, and the cosmological parts of natural the ology into the semantic net. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One view is a supernatural cosmology, in which the world of nature is open to influence and control by agential beings without bodies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  venues of focal intentionality and awareness that are not the emergent properties of complex systems but are metaphysically basic, and thus lie beyond the methodological scope and explanatory reach of the natural sciences. On this view, typically there are agential divine beings (or there is just one such agential being), and perhaps lesser discarnate entities (angels, demons, bodhisattvas, devas, ancestors, jinns, ghosts), with determinate features such as intentions and plans, feelings and responses, and powers to act in the world. Some of these beings may be temporal and others timeless; some may be spatially located while others are omnipresent. This implies that the natural world may have causal regularities that scientists can identify as laws of nature, but that those rules are not metaphysically absolute. The normal flow of causal connectedness can be interrupted at any time for reasons having noth ing to do with antecedent conditions in nature. The interruptions may be miraculous, in the sense of abrogating natural laws, or they may be somehow consistent with natural laws by working in causal gaps within nature, if such gaps exist, but they express supernatural intentions in either case. Admitting discarnate intentionality and agency is a quite specific use of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93supernatural.\u8221\'94 It is not dependent on the meaning of \u8220\'93nature\u8221\'94 and its only presupposition is that we can conceptually distinguish between intentionality and agency as the emergent features of complex bodily systems, on the one hand, and intentionality and agency that do not require complex bodily systems as enabling substrates, on the other. There are other uses of \u8220\'93supernatural,\u8221\'94 including some that have no relationship to the presence or absence of bodily substrates for inten tionality and agency. For example, Catholic theologian Karl Rahner uses \u8220\'93supernatural\u8221\'94 in a beautiful way to describe the graced potential of every moment and every human life. My usage may have little bearing on other usages so it is vital to be clear about the sense in which \u8220\'93supernatural\u8221\'94 is used in this study (for further discussion, see Wildman 2009b, ch. 2).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a bit surprising that this should be done now, so late in the game; but then, these ideas only progress at the rate of chance human lives, and so few of us are not caught up in the bullshit of culture}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Agential-being theism posits one omnipotent deity with determinate features as the ultimate reality that creates everything and interacts with the world according to divine purposes. Thus, any agential-being model of ultimate reality inevitably invites a supernatural cosmology. The ultimate-reality deity is responsible for the created world in some ultim ate sense. Yet the natural world may or may not reflect the deity\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s determinate character, just as the potter\u8217\'92s clay may beforged into shapes that both express and fail to express the potter\u8217\'92s personality. This gives supernatural theism considerable flexibility of interpretation in relation to the metaphysical implications of empirical and experiential consid erations. The regularities of nature and fundamental features of the physical and biological domains may be created, yet they may or may not reflect the creator deity\u8217\'92s inmost character.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A second philosophical cosmology is the process worldview, in the varied senses of Alfred North Whitehead, Charles Hartshorne, and others. This cosmology goes hand in hand with the subordinate-deity model of ultimate reality discussed above. The process cosmology helps to establish the ultimacy frame for subordinate-being theism. Process cosmology is arguably a form of naturalism, in the sense that naturalistic cosmologies explicitly deny the reality of supernatural entities and accept that the causal web of the world is unbroken because there is nothing to break it. The God of process cosmology is a natural entity within the world that plays a special role in every causal interaction, while optimizing the accumulating value of the worldly process. This God is not omnipotent, is not internally simple, does not create the universe from nothing, and is not the ultimate reality. Yet this God is still the highest being in a very natural sense. The process God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s determinate character is rooted partly in its primordial nature (which is an envisagement of possibilities and values that is constantly presented to the moments of reality), partly in its consequent nature (which is a value-maximized version of the world\u8217\'92s actuality), and partly in the dynamics of causal interaction (by which God and the world mutually influence one another).Ultimate reality is the eternal symbiotic relationship between this natural God and the rest of natural reality, in which the two mutually influence and constitute one another }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A third philosophical cosmology is another naturalistic view. I do not refer to the sensationalist, atheistic, materialist form of naturalistic cosmology that David Ray Griffin and others have so comprehensively criticized (see Griffin 1998, chs 1\endash 3, 6, 8; and Griffin 2000, chs 1\endash 3). Rather, I refer to forms of religious naturalism that comport well with the ground-of-being models of ultimate reality discussed above (see Wildman 2014). In this religious naturalist cosmology, ultimate reality is the creative ground of nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s being, its axiological depth structures and flows, the reason nature is intelligible, the structures of intelligibil ity themselves, or the condition for the possibility of everything in this list of possibilities. The scientific exploration of nature as well as human religious quests are kinds of spiritual or theological exped ition, on this view; similarly, the literature of nature mystics and the poetry of nature lovers is essentially spiritual and theological. Religious naturalism cosmology frequently identifies the character of nature as envisaged in its mathematical and causal and axiological depth struc tures with the divine nature, if it receives a theistic formulation. Indeed, this cosmological framing of the God idea within a religiously potent form of naturalism radically collapses traditional distinctions between sacred and secular, general and special revelation, nature and grace, suffering and bliss, Western theism and Eastern non-theism, theism and atheism. Non-theistic Buddhists and Confucians find a way to be at home within the religious-naturalism philosophical cosmology just as God-Beyond-God-affirming mystics of theistic traditions do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 David Ray Griffin}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(August 8, 1939 \endash  November 25, 2022) was an American professor of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophy_of_religion"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 p}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 hilosophy of religion}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theology"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 t}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 heology}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/9/11_conspiracy_theories"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 9}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 /11 conspiracy theorist}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Ray_Griffin#cite_note-CT-DRG-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [2]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This religious-naturalist philosophical cosmology shares with process cosmology the rejection of supernatural entities but it goes further to reject the idea of God as an entity of anysort, evenasubordinate natural entity as in the process cosmology. From the supernaturalist point of view this amounts to atheism, in respect of denying that there is an existent divine being, or to pantheism, in respect of denying a sharp ontological distinction between God and the world. But identifying God with the axiological depth structures and dynamics of reality does preserve the transcendence of God as ultimate reality while also affirm ing God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s immanence in the world process. Moreover, because this God is ultimate reality, unlike the God of process cosmology, all of nature is ultimately sacred in its depths\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and this has potent implications for spiritualizing the secular and contesting the human tendency to seques ter the sacred. It also has profound, potentially disturbing consequences for moral reasoning since ultimate reality is at the root of all, not just what I or my group or my species is willing to call the good. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I suspect that many scientists and philosophers who refuse to identify withtheismand religion do sobecause they think of theism and religion in terms of the prevalent supernaturalist cosmology, which strikes them as philosophically implausible and morally problematic. Daniel C. Dennett presents an example of this in Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon, where he refuses to allow that the ground-of-being view (which he calls by other names) counts as a religious view at all. Dennett recognizes the arbitrariness involved in this stipulation but argues that he needs to confine the term \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93religion\u8221\'94 to its (prevalent) supernaturalist meaning in order to make his argument communicate clearly (see Dennett 2006: 10)\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and in this he is doubtless correct, despite the mistreatment of ground-of-being views that results. Another example is Richard Dawkins, both inTheGodDelusion(2006) andinThe Magic of Reality (2011), where his positive view is rightly called \u8220\'93religious naturalist\u8221\'94 according to one widespread usage, and yet he understand ably refuses to call his view \u8220\'93religious\u8221\'94 because of the deeply misleading supernaturalist connotations of the term. The dominance of supernat uralism in the popular religious imagination has made it impractical for many scientists and philosophers who hold worldviews akin to the religious-naturalism cosmology, and ultimacy models belonging to the ground-of-being class, to describe their view as religious or theistic (see the analyses of scientists\u8217\'92 worldviews in Richardson etal. 2002).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The semantic scope of key terms is carefully managed, unlike in the general public }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These three classes of philosophical cosmologies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I am calling them supernatural cosmology, process cosmology, and religious-naturalism cosmology\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 respond quite differently to the discoveries and theories of physics andbiology,assuggestedabove(Itakethatupinacompanion volume, Science and Ultimate Reality). Supernaturalist cosmology teamed with agential-being models of ultimate reality has the most flexibility because of the logical space between the character of the natural world and the character of God as its creator, and thus can remain relatively independent of empirical and experiential considerations. Religious naturalism cosmologyteamedwithaground-of-beingmodel of ultimate reality has the least flexibility in its responses to empirical and experien tial considerations because ultimate reality typically just is the mathem atical, relational, causal, axiological structures and creative processes of nature; weencounterultimatereality inthedepthsofnaturethatempir ical and experiential considerations disclose. Process cosmology with its subordinate-entity theism is somewhere in between: empirical and experiential considerations can disclose value structures that reflect the primordial nature of the subordinate deity, but the fundamental causal structures of the universe, and the ultimate reason it is the way it is, are questions that reach beyond the process deity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C1: the supernaturalist cosmology (recall that this view allows both a natural world and a supernatural world of disembodied intentional agents such as angels, demons, ancestors, bodhisattvas, gods, ghosts, and jinn);}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C2: the naturalist cosmology, including the process cosmology as a species of naturalism (recall that this is naturalism in the sense of a closed causal network encompassing and identifying the physical world and the axiological world of values, while eliminating disem bodied intentionality and agency); and }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C3: eliminativism (in the sense of monist materialism that refuses to treat non-material realities such as ideas and values as ontologic ally irreducible, or monist idealism that refuses to treat physical processes as ontologically irreducible).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When U3 (no coherent model) is combined with C2 (naturalism), we register a rich variety of ultimacy models. These arguably include (but are not limited to) the views of Gilles Deleuze\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s monistic-and-simultaneously-pluralistic philosophy of differ ence within a plane of pure immanence and Robert Corrington\u8217\'92s ecstatic naturalism\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 though note that both Deleuze and Corrington could be considered in the U2-C2 class depending on how intelligible their accounts of ultimate reality are taken to be, which is a complex issue in interpreting their works (see Corrington 1992, 1994, 1996, 1997, 2000, 2013, 2016, Deleuze 1994). The U3-C2 combination includes the subordinate-deity class of ultimacy models, among which is the process view of God when the C2 (naturalism) cosmology is specified as the process cosmology in the sense of Whitehead\u8217\'92s process theism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ultimate reality, as the logically optimized solution to the problem of the One and the Many, is thus the contrast to everything determinate, including physical realities andany deities with determinatefeatures. This viewofultimatereality is so radically invested in the ontological dependence problem that it might be regarded as virtually contentless. It is certainly the case within the long history of theistic traditions that disputes over transcendence tend to be driven not by abstract dialectical considerations about the conditions for there being anything determinate (including Gods)\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  considerations that are vital for Neville\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ex nihilo theory\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but rather by the concrete conceptual meaning of the God\endash world relation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Stoic way of referring to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the one in whom we live and move and have our being\u8221\'94 captures this sense of transcendence well: there is an ultimate ambit for all life, including human life, and this transcendent context establishes ontological dependence without constituting either divine intentional ity or divine providence. Defined in this way, the U2-C2 (e.g. religious naturalism) class enfolds the purely non-personal versions of esse ipsum and actus purus ultimacy models inspired by Greek philosophy, as well as a naturalistic version of the Advaita Veda\u772\'AFnta portrayal of Brahman as beyond all qualities (nirgun\u803\'3Fa). This may make the name \u8220\'93religious naturalism\u8221\'94 for the U2-C2 class confusing but the awkwardness derives only from established expectations about naming, not from any prob lems in the conceptual classification itself. The confusing expectations derive from a careless but widespread tendency to treat naturalism (C2) as a materialistic variety of eliminativism (C3); once this mistake is corrected, the conceptual options clarify in a helpful way\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in a vital way, in fact, because carefully maintaining this distinction is necessary for making sense of important views from among the world\u8217\'92s religious cultures and traditions of philosophical theology (see Wildman 2014 for clarifications along these lines).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because it takes a fairly high degree of cognitive abstraction to con ceive of ultimate reality, and because the history of religions on the whole shows a movement over time from disorganized pantheons to pantheons with high-gods before talk of ultimate reality even arrives in and after the Axial Age (about 800\endash 200 BCE), it is likely that the evolu tionary default view for modern humans, Homo sapiens, and perhaps for their upper Paleolithic relatives, Homo Neanderthalensis, is the U3-type view. Moreover, the cognitive biases to supernaturalism that have been amply documented in the last couple of decades within the cognitive science of religion suggest that the evolutionary default is also super naturalist in character; thus, it is in the U3-C1 class. The U3-C1 (evolu tionary default) view was probably dominant to the point of near universality for the long evolutionary history of both Neanderthals and anatomically modern humans, all the way up to the development of writing and philosophical traditions among modern humans about 5,000 years ago, and this view has persisted even in literate cultures since that time. It is the true perennial philosophy, unlike the U2-C1 models that claim that moniker+. Living examples of U3-C1 views include the forms of new age spirituality that espouse a supernatural cosmology (though not all do) and some Chinese visions of an irredu cible plurality of relative ultimates in a correlational cosmology with no coherent single ultimate reality. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 In all of these instances, the U3-C1 (e.g. evolutionary default) views cosmologize elements of humanexperience, from natural processes to human emotions, and deploy these cosmologized portrayals to organize human social groups through mitigating existential anxiety, catalyzing cooperation, inspiring personal sacrifice, and exercising social control.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the U3-C3 (e.g. nothing to discuss about ultimate reality) }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 class includes a number of views, among them extreme forms of idealism that don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t bother to give any account of natural regularities,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  eliminativism (especially eliminative materialism) is currently important as a standard bearer for protesting any and all forms of transcendence, conceived in any of the other five ways depicted in Figure1.2. Indeed, U3-C3 views reject all senses of transcendence associated with any type of ultimate reality, and also reject all of what they take to be sneaky proxies for the transcendence of agential-being personalism, including residues of transcendence in consciousness or in the axiological features (meanings and values) of the natural world. This is a comprehensive rejection of transcendence but the price paid is a voluntary restriction on the scope of explanations that can bepursued. For example, ineliminative materi alist varieties of U3-C3 views, no significant account is (or can be) given of the presumably materialist meaning of ideas and values. The elim inative materialist viewpoint encodes a principled (or perhaps it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92san unprincipled) refusal to be drawn on metaphysical questions that threaten to reconstitute transcendence. Enthusiasts for U3-C3 views who protest transcendence might be less concerned if they knew that there are robust alternatives to the U1-C1 (e.g. personal theism) and U3-C1 (e.g. evolutionary default) views that most trouble them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fifth-century BCE Greek philosopher Xenophanes of Colophon grasped the problem early on: Homer and Hesiod have attributed to the gods all sorts of things which are matters of reproach and censure among men: theft, adultery, and mutual deceit....mortals suppose that gods are born, wear their own clothes and havea voicedbody....Butif horses or oxenorlions hadhandsorcoulddraw with their hands and accomplish such works as men, horses would draw the figures of the gods as similar to horses, and the oxen as similar to oxen, and they would make the bodies of the sort which each of them had....Ethiop ians say that their gods are snub-nosed and black; Thracians that theirs are blue-eyed and red-haired....One god is greatest amonggodsandmen,notat all like mortals in body or in thought. (Xenophanes 1992: excerpts from pages 82\endash 96 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The agential-being models most prominent in debates among philosophical theologians are usually significantly less anthropomorphic than their retail-religion counterparts. For example, the philosophical theologians often describe timeless, infinite beings, whereas popular conceptions typically avoid such cognitively challen ging ideas. The intellectuals speak of omnipotence, while regular people only need God to be powerful enough to guide them, help them, and save them. When subordinate-deity ultimacy models are teamed with the process cosmology, as in this study, there is not much anthropo morphism in the view of ultimate reality, but some versions of this view have more and less highly anthropomorphic views of God as a subordinate agential being. }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 For example, Whitehead\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s subordinate deity is a single arc of concrescence, a reflexive organic process never reaching actuality, which is a long way from the more anthropo morphic vision of Hartshorne\u8217\'92s subordinate deity, with its awareness and responsive agency}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  (see Hartshorne 1948, Whitehead 1978). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Closely associated with the place of anthropomorphism in ultimacy models is the place of supernatural revelation. Can a study in philo sophical theology, of the religious-philosophy sort with its secular, public, humanistic morality of inquiry, accommodate purportedly supernaturally authorized and originated revelation? The answer here is yes and no, in different ways. The naturalist cosmology holds that there is no supernatural revelation because there is no supernatural agency to convey it and no supernatural realm to house it. Rather, revelation is understood as occurring in every moment of human insight, in the depths of nature, and in the emergence of intense value that nature supports. Something like this applies also in the process cosmology, within whichGodisabeingwithaspecial value-optimizing role. By contrast, the supernatural cosmology can accommodate super naturally authorized information about ultimate reality and most agential-being models of ultimate reality make extensive use of this cosmologically supported possibility. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again, that limitation consists in not being able to treat allegedly revealed information about ultimate reality as supernaturally authorized. Whether this limitation derails inquiry (as a supernaturalist agential-being theist opposed to all natural theology might try to argue) or saves the inquiry from falling victim to special pleading (as I would argue), I am committedtoitin this study. Those who are not so committed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is, those who accept certain information about ultimate reality as definitively authoritative for an inquiry because of its supposedly supernatural origins and authorization\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 separate themselves from the broader community of academic inquiry and embrace the assumptions and interests and mor ality of inquiry proper to particular religious groups. I have defended the possibility that such local forms of inquiry can be useful, at least for the groups in question, and valuable, at least in some respects; I have also criticized such inquiries as unhelpfully parochial. The community for the present study, however, is the modern university with its character istically secular, public, and humanist morality of inquiry. All informa tion is admitted to such an inquiry, but none of it is allowed definitively authoritative status. This is a limitation. It is also enabling. In fact, it is one of the keys to envisioning a meaningful future for the philosophy of religion and philosophical theology in the university setting }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The marks of the human condition on ultimacy models include the conceptual features that we most closely associate with anthropo morphism, such as picturing ultimate reality as being like a human person in one or another way. Even without such features, however, all models of ultimate reality are still anthropomorphic to some degree, strictly speaking, because they are human constructions and limited by the human imagination\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this much of Barth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92swarning(see section 2.1) we can assimilate. So our concern is really with excessive or careless or unwarranted anthropomorphism rather than with anthropomorphism as such. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the philosophical theologians who do this in a thoughtful way argue that this level of anthropomorphism is appropriate and indeed necessary to make sense of the claims made about ultimate reality in the religious traditions whose narrative structures they attempt to elaborate in for mal philosophic terms. This is the standard move in agential-being theories of ultimate reality. The same type of move is important for talking about God in subordinate-deity theories (as against ultimate reality itself, which in process cosmologies includes but is not identical with God). This strategy is typically not employed in ground-of-being ultimacy models. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nietzsche delightfully skewered the philosopher of grand questions as engaged in the construction of post-hoc rationaliza tions for emotionally freighted and morally biased convictions formed in the tangle of personality and context, where they are protected from thoroughgoing scrutiny (for example, see Nietzsche 1933, and especially Nietzsche 1990, Chapter 1 on \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prejudices of Philosophers\u8221\'94). In recent decades, the sciences bearing on human cognition have come to the fore with evolutionary insights into the factors playing a role in all human cognition, including the imaginative construction of ultimacy models (useful surveys include McNamara 2006 and Stausberg 2009). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 s (a good survey of some of the issues in behavioral law and economics sur rounding cognitive error is the 2006 symposium on \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Homo Econom icus, Homo Myopicus, and the Law and Economics of Consumer Choice\u8221\'94 published in The University of Chicago Law Review; inthat collection, Rachlinksi 2006 focuses on whether and how the legal system should make paternalistic allowance for cognitive error). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theories both justly famous and rightly infamous have sprung from Western scholars influenced by knowledge of multiple cultures andreligions, from Frazer(1900) to Tambiah(1990), from Tylor (1873\endash 4) to Wierzbicka (1992), from Durkheim (1954) to Berger (1967), and from Weber (1930) to Huntington (1996). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the West, it arcs from the comparative argument at the beginning of Aristotle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Metaphysics, through Aquinas\u8217\'92s Summa Contra Gentiles and Hegel\u8217\'92s phenomenology and his lectures on world history and world religions, to the comparative philosophical theologies of John Hick and Robert Neville (see Aristotle 1966, Aquinas 1955, Hegel 1967, 1984, Hick 2004, Neville 1991, 2013, 2014, 2015). In South Asia, it is sparked by ancient formal debates between Buddhist and Hindu philosophers and produces competing philosophic schemes such as those that vie with one another within the Veda\u772\'AFnta school of Hindu philosophy. Veda\u772\'AFnta offers models of ultimate reality that both take the Upanis\u803\'3Fads as inspiration and aim to register the truth of every other perspective on ultimate reality. \u346\'53an\u775\'3Fkara (mid-8th century CE), one of the leading figures of Veda\u772\'AFnta, set a classic example of expounding the Upanis\u803\'3Fads while taking account of opposing schools, including Buddhism, Jainism, Sa\u772\'AFm\u803\'3Fkhya, and Vais\u769\'B4es\u803\'3Fika; his commentaries on the Upanis\u803\'3Fads and the Bhagavadg\u299\'69ta\u772\'AF were formative for much subsequent Indian philosophy, including in its comparative aspects (see Sharma 1990). In the East Asian context, comparative philo sophical theology is rooted in the internal diversity of Chinese religion, in the migration of Buddhism eastwards from India into Confucian cultures, and in the modern encounter with the West. Its modern high points include the writings of Kyoto School thinkers such as Nishida (1960), Tanabe (1986), and Nishitani (1982), who energetically engaged Western philosophical theology }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Indeed, we can spend our lives listing models of ultimate reality, with their intricate theistic and non-theistic variations, different degrees of anthropomorphism, and rejection or endorsement of subordinate deities. We can endlessly devise classifications, note cross-cases and exceptions, record context ual and historical conditioning factors\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and still get nowhere in a philosophical-theological inquiry. But this observation does not pene trate deeply into the potential importance of comparison for support ing inquiry. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next, the standards for good explanations obviously have to be sorted out. Typically these standards include applicability, adequacy, coherence, consistency; sometimes they also include pragmatic considerations such as ethical consequences, aesthetic quality, social potency, or spir itual appeal. Identifying standards for good explanation is one source of comparative criteria, and these criteria are not always the simple matters of common sense that one might expect. Then there is the question about which data sets to weight most highly; answering this question produces further comparative criteria for the inquiry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 again, this is a source of highly charged disputes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consider the three classes of ultimacy models compared in this study in relation to the issue of how each comprehends the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s religions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this is a common respect of comparison that will play a central role as the drama of comparison unfolds. This respect of comparison selects out a patch of data from comparative religions and then the three models yield avariety ofapproaches tothemultivocaland conflictednatureofreligious wisdom traditions as far as that patch of data is concerned. After that we can notice similarities and differences in these approaches, as usual. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 American philosopher Roderick Chisholm in his Theory of Knowledge details the problem of the criterion with two sets of questions:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do we know? or What is the extent of our knowledge?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do we know? or What is the criterion for deciding whether we have knowledge in any particular case?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An answer to either set of questions will allow us to devise a means of answering the other. Answering the former question set first is called particularism, whereas answering the latter set first is called methodism. A third solution is skepticism, which proclaims that since one cannot have an answer to the first set of questions without first answering the second set, and one cannot hope to answer the second set of questions without first knowing the answers to the first set, we are, therefore, unable to answer either. This has the result of us being unable to justify any of our beliefs.[citation needed]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If we were just describing, we would stop there; but we are evaluating, so we gofurther. Consider the following comparative criterion: CC=\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93an adequate theory of ultimate reality makes sympathetic sense of the most refined philosophical thinking about ultimate reality within the world\u8217\'92s religious traditions.\u8221\'94 This criterion tends to prefer hypotheses that can naturally comprehend a broad array of ultimacy models without having to resort to \u8220\'93ultimacy model A is just right and ultimacy models B and C and all other ultimacy models are just wrong\u8221\'94 forms of explanation. CC is the \u8220\'93expert\u8221\'94 comparative criterion, profoundly unappealing to many human beings because it demands what most people see as unattainably high levels of training and knowledge in ideas that are virtually impossible to understand let alone remember or narrate; it is a cultural luxury that interferes both with ordinary survival and with other kinds of enjoyment, which also require large expenditures of energy. Yet CC is profoundly attractive to some\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 particularly to the comparing inquirers described in section 1.2\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and for them this evolu tionarily bizarre use of life energy is well worth it. Thus, CC pushes against the high Narrative Comprehensibility position\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the more anthropomorphic,low-energy,us-versus-them approaches totheproblem of religious diversity\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and toward the low Narrative Comprehensibility position\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the less-anthropomorphic, high-energy, coordinate-value across-differences approaches }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, the ground-of-being (U2-C2) models leap over CC\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hurdle naturally and elegantly, with a symbolic deconstruction of apparent metaphysical con flicts among the world\u8217\'92s religions, and a framing metaphysics in which every viewpoint finds a natural place, even when they are not all of equal value. Including CC in a comparative inquiry threatens to narrow the field of excellent contenders in the competition for the best explanation of all relevant data, to the detriment of the agential-being (U1-C1) hypothesis, unless the advocates of agential-being (U1-C1) ultimacy models success fully argue that CC should be revised or demoted to a relatively unimport ant position. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we have at the root of academia a basic premise that human beings can learn about the world, that other humans beings are capable of great insight, and that you can learn from them and take them seriously. Agential beings which posit supernatural knowledge veiw this with skepticism, and so they aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to give CC much importance;after all, humans are wrong or have no real authority unless the truth has been divinely revealed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example, some forms of agential-being (U1-C1) theism resist highly anthropomorphic modeling strategies to a limited degree by pushing both Intentionality Attribution and Narrative Comprehensibility hard in the opposite direction for the sake of greater rational comprehensiveness and philo sophical adequacy. Ground-of-being (U2-C2) models tend to be rela tively low on all three dimensions of anthropomorphism\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 significantly lower than the least anthropomorphic agential-being (U1-C1) models. Subordinate-deity (U3-C2) models of ultimate reality are an intriguing combination of high Intentionality Attribution and high Narrative Comprehensibility at the level of the depiction of the subordinate deity (God)\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 higher than many agential-being (U1-C1) models\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and low Intentionality Attribution and low Narrative Comprehensibility at the level of ultimate reality as a whole (including God as a subordinate component; keep in mind that ultimate reality is not intelligible or religiously relevant for subordinate-deity U3-C2 ultimacy models)\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  as low as many ground-of-being (U2-C2) models. Meanwhile, the subordinate-deity (U3-C2) model\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s double refusal of the problem of the One and the Many and of a coordinated theory of ultimate reality implies a middling-to-high degree of Rational Practicality. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and they would soon discover the three dimensions of anthropomorphism described here: Intentionality Attri bution, Rational Practicality, and Narrative Comprehensibility. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 At the same time, new ultimacy models that result from resisting anthropomorphism may well prove to have the qualities required to complement and even sustain new forms of human civilization. The memorable narratives and low rational systematicity of supernatural agent religious theorizing in small-scale cultures (that is, the U3-C1 class) is an approach to the ultimate issues of human life that does not work well in large-scale civilizations that must routinely manage a rich plurality of ultimacy models and associated religious practices while generating strong social glue. In such situations, making the anti anthropomorphic move away from the cognitive-default (U3-C1) loca tion is essential for civilizational thriving. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 ome people in our time regard anthropomorphism as the bane of true religion and sound spirituality. They seek to resist anthropomorph ism aggressively and comprehensively. So what happens if we resist all three dimensions of anthropomorphism simultaneously? In that case, there is only one place to go: the U2-C2 class of ultimacy models. This is the home of religious naturalism, with its simple, sparse metaphysics of the natural world and the God Beyond God. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apophaticism is a strategy for speaking of ultimate reality that deploys and also deconstructs conceptual models. This deployment and deconstruction of conceptualization is for the sake of identify ing and pointing to ultimate reality, conceived of as surpassing the cognitive grasp of any possible being. An apophatic strategy relativ izes ultimacy models in the sense that all models share the final failure fully to comprehend ultimate reality. An apophatic strategy also relates ultimacy models by organizing them into trajectories in which some are held to be more adequate than others. The measure of adequacy expresses a disintegrating metric that collapses along with ultimacy models themselves as the trajectory of concepts approaches ultimate reality. The dominant disintegrating metric employed in the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apophatic traditions of philosophical the ology is directly related to anthropomorphism, with the more anthropomorphic models failing earlier in the plunge toward apo phatic silence and the less anthropomorphic models surviving longer. The dispute over the apophatic vision of ultimate reality is one of the most profound in the global history of religious ideas. Despite appearing to bea subtle pointof theoreticaldebate,itarguably has extensive existential, social, and political consequences. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 less like New York harbor hosting the glorious and lonely Statue ofLiberty, and morelike thehillsofEaster Island gracing numerous vast and portentous stone statues with uncer tain meaning. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 It was an Easter-Island vision of plural religious practices and beliefs that probably inspired the Upanis\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u803\'3Fads, with their affirmation that Brahman is One\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 behind, between, and beyond all, both identical with the human spirit and utterly transcending it, grounding and uniting everything that is. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {This silent failure is celebrated by apophatic mystics in all traditions. For them it confirms and comforts. This reac tion strikes many other religious folk as an absurd embrace of the irrational. They can no more imagine feeling satisfaction at conceptual fracturing of ultimacy models than they can appreciate the apophatic mystic\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ideal for the afterlife, which is to be a dewdrop slipping silently into the shining sea, surrendering individual consciousness to merge with all. But there is nothing irrational about cognitive breakdown: cognitive breakdown is informative. For the apophatically minded philo sophical theologian, there is a great deal to say, and much theoretical intricacy to negotiate, prior to lapsing into silence. And what there is to say has a great deal to do with anthropomorphism, as we shall see. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The etymology of apophaticism is complex, with branching mean ings that give texture to the literal meaning. In classical Greek, apopha sis literally meant \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93denial\u8221\'94 (note that other words are used for denial in modern Greek). For example, Plato used \u7936\'3F\u960\'70\u972\'3F\u966\'66\u945\'61\u963\'73\u953\'3F\u962\'3F (apophasis) to mean \u8220\'93denial\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93negation,\u8221\'94 and as its opposite he used \u954\'3F\u945\'61\u964\'74\u940\'3F\u966\'66\u945\'61\u963\'73\u953\'3F\u962\'3F (katapha sis) to mean \u8220\'93affirmation\u8221\'94; both use a prefix to modify the basic mean ing of \u966\'66\u940\'3F\u963\'73\u953\'3F\u962\'3F (phasis), which is an \u8220\'93assertion\u8221\'94 or an \u8220\'93accusation.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A host of English words derive from this root with its various overtones, some related to light, some to appearance, some to speech: photon, phase, phenomenon, phantom, and aphasia, for example. This etymology illustrates how deeply entangled are the ideas of light and speech in the Greek language. English still bears faint traces of this linkage but most of the Greek sense for speech as }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {rb forms of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u966\'66\u945\'61\u943\'3F\u957\'3F\u949\'65\u953\'3F\u957\'3F is \u966\'66\u8118\'3F\u957\'3F\u945\'61\u953\'3F (phanai), which is almost identical to \u966\'66\u940\'3F\u957\'3F\u945\'61\u953\'3F. A host of English words derive from this root with its various overtones, some related to light, some to appearance, some to speech: photon, phase, phenomenon, phantom, and aphasia, for example. This etymology illustrates how deeply entangled are the ideas of light and speech in the Greek language. English still bears faint traces of this linkage but most of the Greek sense for speech as illumination has faded as English incorporated Germanic words (for example, Sprache is cognate with the English \u8220\'93speak\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93speech\u8221\'94). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {. In fact, apophatic traditions have developed many techniques of indirection in addition to denial, including naming in such a way as to provoke cognitive breakdown, symbolic balancing mechanisms, juxtaposition of seemingly contradictory symbol schema, trajectorial speech that pushes the imagination in a meaningful direction even though lan guage breaks down along the way, and the deliberate employment of logically distinct types of negation (see Knepper 2014, Sells 1994, Wildman1999). For this reason, the metaphorical overtones of apopha sis that evoke turning away from speech, away from the way things seem, add valuable nuance to the literal meaning. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93relate\u8221\'94 part is equally important: according to the apophatic traditions of philosophical theology, ultimacy models break in a particular order, which establishes a relation between models and a trajectory for the imagination to follow on the way to the preg nant silence that manifests cognitive collapse. I call this relation a \u8220\'93disintegrating metric\u8221\'94 to conveythesenseinwhichawayofmeasuring the adequacy of ultimacy models exists but, like the models themselves, the metric gradually disintegrates as the measurer draws closer to the logical object of interest, which is ultimate reality. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Consider the famous Western apophatic mystic Pseudo-Dionysius, whose true identity remains unknown despite exercising prodigious influence on mainstream Western theology, notably in the writings of Thomas Aquinas. In a series of works, Pseudo-Dionysius clearly exhib ited both the relativizing and the relating aspects of apophaticism. Like other apophatic philosophical theologians, Pseudo-Dionysius recog nized better and worse in models of ultimate reality, thereby defining a disintegrating metric. The Dionysian corpus demonstrates what it means to go beyond highly anthropomorphic views of ultimate reality: we go beyond in a particular direction, on a particular trajectory, with a particular sense of more and less adequate models of ultimate reality\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and eventually all models and all metrics collapse. Two of Pseudo Dionysius\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s works are particularly helpful for surfacing the trajectorial nature of the cognitive approach to ultimate reality, and for identifying the associated disintegrating metric. The Divine Names adopts an affirmation-naming approach to ultimate reality, the via positiva, while Mystical Theology adopts a negation-naming approach, the via negativa. Other works illustrate how symbolism works within the limits of nam ing defined by the always-eventually-failing human cognitive grasp on ultimate reality (see Pseudo-Dionysius 1987). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The Dionysian corpus demonstrates what it means to go beyond highly anthropomorphic views of ultimate reality: we go beyond in a particular direction, on a particular trajectory, with a particular sense of more and less adequate models of ultimate reality\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and eventually all models and all metrics collapse. Two of Pseudo Dionysius\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s works are particularly helpful for surfacing the trajectorial nature of the cognitive approach to ultimate reality, and for identifying the associated disintegrating metric. The Divine Names adopts an affirmation-naming approach to ultimate reality, the via positiva, while Mystical Theology adopts a negation-naming approach, the via negativa. Other works illustrate how symbolism works within the limits of nam ing defined by the always-eventually-failing human cognitive grasp on ultimate reality (see Pseudo-Dionysius 1987). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The spiritual discipline associ ated with the via positiva involves meditating on each image, as if casting each one onto a conceptual wall to get a good look at its meta phorical force. As more names are pondered, the wall is gradually blan keted and the room filled with a cacophony of naming that yields to the whiteness of silence by affirming ultimacy in everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not only in the most noble and fitting things but eventually even in the least likely and most repulsive things. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {images as literal affirmations and then denying those images in order. This removes any hint of exaggerated claims to adequacy of such symbols, eventually even the most authoritative and sacred among them. In this case, silence arrives through the gradual elimination of cognitive content. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In the floating plunge toward the mystical theologian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reverent silence, more anthropomorphic ultimacy models are cast off earlier and less anthropomorphic ultimacy models survive longer. We see this ordering not only in Pseudo-Dionysius\u8217\'92s preference for conceptual symbols such as love and light, but also in the exitus\endash reditus motif of Plotinus\u8217\'92s emanation theory; in the long ascent to nirgun\u803\'3Fa Brahman in \u346\'53an\u775\'3Fkara; in the quest to loosen attachment to the outcomes of action in the Bhagavadg\u299\'69ta\u772\'AF; in the systematic breaking of cognitive grasping in Zen Buddhist training; in the progressively deconstructive strategies employed by Bha\u772\'AFvaviveka, Na\u772\'AFga\u772\'AFrjuna, and otherBuddhist philosophers in the Ma\u772\'AFdhyamaka tradition of Maha\u772\'AFya\u772\'AFna Buddhist philosophy; and in the techniques used to drive home the inexpressibility of the Dao (D\u224\'E0o or Tao or \u36947\'3F)deployed in the Daodejing (D\u224\'E0od\u233\'E9j\u299\'69ng or Tao Te Ching or \u36947\'3F\u24503\'3F\u32147\'3For\u36947\'3F\u24503\'3F\u32463\'3F)ofLaozi(La\u780\'3Foz\u305\'69\u780\'3F or Lao Tzu or \u32769\'3F\u23376\'3F). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Weknow from the scientific study of religion that human beings will spontaneously create supernatural personal beings to believe in, whether or not those beings actually exist. We will find them concep tually highly plausible and the way we interpret our spiritual experi ences and life circumstances will appear to support our beliefs about them in extremely compelling ways. The evolutionary models show this, cognitive neuroscience shows this, experimental psychology shows this, and developmental psychology shows this; the evidence grows increasingly strong with each passing year. Sometimes these beings are ancestors, sometimes spiritual helpers or dangerous enemies, sometimes they are indifferent to human beings, sometimes they are deities (as with subordinate-deity U3-C2 models); and sometimes ultim ate reality itself is treated as a supernatural agent (as with agential-being U1-C1 models). Which type of being gets created depends on cultural variables that are presently less well understood than the cognitive variables, thanks to the prodigious complexity of the brain-group nexus (the complex system that arises when evolutionarily formed brains interact in ecologically viable groups; see Wildman 2011, chapter 6). But the beings are always invisible, always aware, and always intentional agents; they are also always important because they know things other people cannot know, they do things other people cannot do, they might love us more than human beings can, and they might judge us in ways no human being can. Moreover, we know from anthropology and history of religions that human beings have behaved in this way in all of the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cultures. We know that allegiance to these personal beings is more or less tribal\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 invisible beings prized in other groups feel alien and false to us within our group, whereas our beliefs in invisible beings seem obviously correct and perpetually con firmed by our experiences\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and thus that these beliefs are internally incorrigible even while being externally corrigible to an extreme degree. And we know that most such beliefs have perished; the grave yard of invisible beings is packed with supernatural agents that did not survive. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Rather, it takes the Central Result from the scientific study of religion as a starting point and focuses on identifying the philosophical theological implications of this well-founded knowledge for models of ultimate reality. The only implications I have teased out so far are that the Central Result poses a serious challenge to agential-being (U1-C1) models and subordinate-deity (U3-C2) models alike, while it is relatively indifferent to the naturalistic variety of ground-of-being (U2-C2) ultim acy models (see section 1.1 and especially section 2.2). Since we now know that people were going to invent and make religious use of agen tial beings anyway, a heavy burden of proof is imposed on proponents of agential-being (U1-C1) modelsandsubordinate-deity(U3-C2) models to show that their models are not merely further instances of the near universal spontaneous human tendency to create invisible anthropo morphic agents, but that the particular invisible agents of interest really do exist and that we really do speak correctly when we think of them as agential beings. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Atheist detractors of religion recently have argued that this burden of proof can never be met (see, for example, Dawkins 2006, Dennett 2006, Harris 2006, Hitchens 2007, Mills 2006, Stenger 2007, 2009a, 2009b). They also make many other arguments, some of which have received quite vigorous replies from concerned or outraged theists. But the focus here is specifically on the argument that it is impossible for God-believers to meet the burden of proof imposed by the powerful Central Result of the scientific study of religion. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {the scientific study of religion. The fairly consistent response from the numerous philosophical theological defenders of invisible, aware, agential-being deities in relation to this specific issue (along with my parenthetical commen tary) is as follows. (1) The atheist critics are too theologically ignor ant to be taken seriously (the critics are often theologically poorly informedbut this is ameredeflection from their best arguments). (2) The atheist critics overlook problems with their evidence and thus misconstrue it (there are evidential problems but they are relatively minor in regard to the challenge under discussion, so the real argument still has not been joined). (3) There is no logical problem with personal supernatural agents existing even if the Cen tral Result is correct (obviously true, but not relevant to meeting the burden-of-proof challenge). (4) Their attacks on invisible, aware, agential beings never work regardless of the type of agential beings they have in mind (this is just wrong and a self-serving evasion of the real force of the scientific study of religion). (5) At least one invisible, aware, agential-being deity really does exist, and that one is ours (with this reply the defenders do attempt to meet the burden of proof, but these arguments are notably underdeveloped in most philosophical-theological defenses specifically with regard to the Cen tral Result of the scientific study of religion). Defenders of agential-being deities have understandably been hailed as heroic warriors within their religious communities, and they have enjoyed significant success in replying especially to attacks based on the purported immorality and incoherence of religious belief and practice (see, for example, Cunningham 2010, Feser 2008, Flew 2008, Ganssle 2009, Gilson and Weitnauer 2012, Hart 2009, Haught 2007, Johnson and Reynolds 2010, Lennox 2011, Madrid and Hensley 2010, Marshall 2007, McDowell and Morrow 2010, McGrath 2011, Mohler 2008, Plantinga 2007, 2011, Poole 2010, Hahn and Wiker 2008, and Zacharias 2008; for other types of analysis, see Amarasingam 2010, Berlinski 2008, and Hedges 2008). But in relation to the particular branch of the argument under discussion here these defenders have not fared as well. Perhaps future defenders will take the critique arising from the Central Result more seriously but so far the inflammatory rhetoric of the atheist detractors of religion and the apparent inaccess ibility to most philosophical theologians of the scientific study of reli gion is delaying the development of the debate to maturity, making it inefficient and emotional in a way that distracts from the most relevant conceptual issues. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This is not surprising in light of the Central Result, which holds that the default cognitive response to our morally and spiritually ambiguous environment is a highly anthropomorphic one, in all three senses. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  but wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the agential anthropomorphic theist respond that, because humans everywhere invent anthropomorphic deities, then it shows a guiding light. Yes, the particulars of that deity are a problem, but , its a guiding light. That it is the cognitive default is a sign, not a hinderance.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {anthropomorphic metaphysical reasoning tends to be highly opportunistic and driven by immediate interests. Thus, most supernatural agents are local in significance,in thesenseofbeingdirectly relevant to the existential and social needs of the groups that invent them, sustain them, and eventually abandon them to bury themselves. Questions about ultimate reality as such are not normally asked. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {. A mark of the Axial Age (see Jaspers 1953) and correlated with the increasing domin ance of large and culturally diverse civilizations (see Norenzayan 2013), this fascination with ultimate reality is a cognitive and evolutionary luxury in the context of simpler, smaller-scale forms of human social life. The fascination with ultimate reality is an obsession that calls for the cultivation of intellectual-spiritual interests and forms of philosophical theological expertise that are rare or impossible in small-scale cultural settings. As time went on, that peculiar form of sociality spun out entire traditions of high-culture thinking, writing, reading, commentary, ana lysis, and debate in philosophical theology. Those spheres of intellectual reflection, which have been historically vital components of large-scale religions, made it easier for intellectuals to resist evolutionarily stabilized cognitive defaults in some respects and to some degree. It is within such traditions that the less anthropomorphic ultimacy models were created, as experts sought to maximize theoretical plausibility unconstrained by concern for what counts as plausible among regular religious people lacking specialized philosophical-theological training. Indeed, evolu tionary cognitive defaults continue to make survival of such models improbable outside the protected philosophical-theological enclaves that enjoy strong buffering from the superstitions of everyday religion. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Judiciously anthropomorphic models of ultimate reality can thrive not only in intellectual enclaves but also within retail religion. This survival is only possible in the presence of effective educational programs, properly trained religious professionals, and carefully regu lated ritual and liturgical practices\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and even then the ultimacy models are typically distorted in the way they are received and remembered by ordinary religious believers }{\f0\fs24\b1 (see the cognitive-science literature on theo logical incorrectness, especially Slone 2008). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {Meanwhile, the least anthropomorphic ultimacy models pass outside the agential being domain altogether; they are conceptually powerful but popularly indigestible and have depended for their survival on the social power of the judiciously anthropomorphic juggernauts within the agential-being class, like a cleaner fish hugs the underside of a shark. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Within large-scale religious traditions, individuals of a certain spirit ual type\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 especially those with an acute allergy to anthropomorphic portrayals of ultimate reality\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 repeatedly discover with great relief the existence of the least anthropomorphic ultimacy models, and take ref uge with little groups of fellow spiritual travelers for whom tolerating the anthropomorphism of human religiosity is existentially burden some. }{Thus, the relationship between the least anthropomorphic ultim acy models and the judiciously anthropomorphic ultimacy models is actually one of symbiosis, just as the cleaner-fish-shark simile suggests. The least anthropomorphic ultimacy models depend on the social power of the judiciously anthropomorphic ultimacy models, while the judi ciously anthropomorphic ultimacy models depend on the least anthropo morphicultimacy modelstoprovide arefuge for certain types of spiritually serious people, often with apophatic instincts, whose spiritual quests would take them beyond religion altogetherifitwerenotforthepresence of anti-anthropomorphic traditions persisting on the underside of the great religious traditions of the world. Note that all this is as true of non theistic Buddhism and Daoism as it is of theistic Abrahamic faiths and Hinduism: s}{\f0\fs24\b1 ocially viable religions must both engage the evolutionary stabilized defaults of human cognition (including by promoting supernat ural agents) to remain socially viable and judiciously resist the extremes of anthropomorphism that those cognitive defaults typically induce in order to remain intellectually viable. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {For example, ancient Greek religion underwent a change from ritual management of a polytheistic cacophony to an organized cosmos\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and this was purified in the rational illumination of philosophers who bequeathed an astonishing portrayal of ultimate reality as a rational aesthetic-moral unity. Ancient Israelite religion transformed from a tribal form of religiosity with a local group-focused deity battling with other deities for Israelite loyalty, to articulating a philosophical theological model of ultimate reality itself as a supernatural divine agent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and this was purified in the dismaying loss of local roots in the Babylonian Exile that spurred the profoundly personal portrayal of God as universal creator of all in Genesis. Ancient Indian religion made the move from a welter of technologies for managing supernatural agents to a view of ultimate reality as manifest in a host of divine agents\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and this was purified in the meditative calm of the Upanis\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u803\'3Fads that yielded the extraordinarily universal portrayal of Brahman as \u256\'41tman and ultimately beyond all characterization (nirgun\u803\'3Fa Brahman). Ancient Chinese religion underwent a transformation from the management of a complex and nearly incomprehensible spiritual environment to an orderly portrayal of ultimate reality as the patterns and powers at the root of the correlational cosmology linking human affairs, natural regularities, and cosmic portents\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and this was purified in the cleansing waters of the Chinese Classics and the D\u224\'E0od\u233\'E9j\u299\'69ng (Tao Te Ching or \u36947\'3F\u24503\'3F\u32147\'3F or \u36947\'3F\u24503\'3F\u32463\'3F). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Civilizational needs kept the exploration of naturalistic cosmologies safely confined in intellectual enclaves where it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t disrupt the psychic-social processes necessary for sustaining the anthropomorphically scaled cosmopolis that is the lifeblood of a large and culturally plural civilization. These psychic-social processes include the belief in an omnipresent, omniscient, morally interested divine watcher capable of punishing wickedness and reward ing good, onto whom human beings could push much of the energy draining burden of punishment necessary to regulate human group life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this is the so-called Supernatural Monitoring hypothesis, also known as the Santa Claus Effect (see the target article and commentaries on this theme in Schloss and Murray 2011). These processes also include making comprehensive sense of the pluralism of ultimacy commitments without degenerating into the tit-for-tat tribalism of local Gods in competition with one another. This forges a better basis for large-scale collaborative ventures and economic exchange. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {____}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {First, one of the great battles within theistic traditions of philosoph ical theology is the role of time and change within the life of a divine agential being. The more highly anthropomorphic models of ultimat reality take their conceptual clues from narratives of God as an agent, which are amply present in the Vedas, the Hebrew Bible, the New Testament, and the Qur\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92an. In these narratives, God is a being who communicates and learns, who makes decisions and acts at particular times. All of these characteristics require the divine version of atemporal consciousness and the metaphysical capacity to change, develop, and feel. This is the Intentionality Attribution dimension of anthropo morphism working overtime, making of God a being so very much like human beings that analogical descriptions and reasoning are barely needed to make philosophical-theological sense of the religious narra tives in question. Of course, God is typically held to be an intentional agent without a body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all supernatural cosmologies (C1) permit inten tional agency without an enabling physical substrate, akin to the phys ical substrate crucial for the emergence of intentionality and agency in complex living systems\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and analogies with human intentional agency may be required to express that feature of the divine life. Similarly, in these views God is typically held to be present everywhere, knowing everything there is to be known, and able to perform any act that is logically possible, all of which humanbeings cannotdo, soanalogies are needed there also. But on the questions of time and change, the more highly anthropomorphic agential-being models of ultimate reality speak as if God is a temporal being who changes and feels, exhibiting a high degree of anthropomorphism in the intentionality dimension. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Taking their cues more from philo sophical reasoning than from sacred religious narratives, the less highly anthropomorphic agential-being models\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 often described as classical theism\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 regard a temporal, changing being as either unsuitable for a deity or impossible for an omnipotent creator. The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93change is unfitting\u8221\'94 instinct is old; it was a potent intuition fromGreek philosophy,in which changeandimpermanencesuggestedalowerdegreeofbeingthanunchan ging, eternal principles and forms. This underwrites the commitment to immutability (no change in being) and impassibility (no change in feeling) within the ultimacy models of Western traditions of philosoph ical theology and gave birth to the Aristotelian notions of the Prime Mover (First Cause) and Unmoved Mover (Aristotle 1966). These ideas proved deeply persuasive to medieval philosophical theologians from many traditions, including Aquinas, Avicenna, and Maimonides for the theism of the Abrahamic traditions, and Udayana for South Asian theism. This remarkable consensus across traditions is partly what gives robust definition to the term classical theism. The \u8220\'93divine temporality is impossible\u8221\'94 conclusion took longer to arrive but by the early fourth century CE it was full-flowered. If God created from nothing, time itself would have to be a creature, and therefore God could not possess a temporal consciousness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so Augustine argues in Confessions (see Augustine 2006). All times would have to be co-present to God; this, and not everlastingness, is the meaning of divine eternity. This became an equally important, though not uncontested, part of classical theism. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {. But attributing eternity, immutability, and impassibility to God also endan gers the very idea of agency that is so vital to the personalism of the agential-being models of ultimate reality. Philosophical theologian Richard Swinburne astutely points this out in his argument about the coherence of theism, and it is for this reason that he argues for the existence of God as a temporal being (see the argument for the coher ence of the God idea in Swinburne 1977, and his argument for the existence of God so understood in Swinburne 1979). If he has to choose between intentional divine agency, on the one hand, and eternity, immutability, and impassibility, on the other\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and he thinks he does have to make this choice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Swinburne chooses to secure the conditions for intentional agency, leading among which is to acknowledge that God must be a temporal being with knowledge appropriate to a tem poral being. To make the alternative choice is to migrate out of the U1-C1 class altogether and into the U2-C2 class, which is a journey Swinburne seems disinclined to make. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Other modern and contemporary philosophical theologians have seen what Swinburne sees and argue that the Western idea of God must include the idea of focal awareness and agency, and must also be the ultimate reality, to deserve the name theism. If eternity, immutabil ity, and impassibility have to be weakened or rejected to make this possible, then so be it. German historical theologian Adolf von Harnack becamefamous at thebeginning of the twentieth century for publishing in many languages What is Christianity?, a book that treats attributes such as eternity, immutability, and impassibility as Greek philosophical distortions of the natively personalist message of Christianity (see Harnack 1957; the historical background is in Harnack 1961). These days, Christian evangelical representatives of so-called open theism pick up Harnack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s banner and run with it, though typically skipping over (the theologically liberal) Harnack in their genealogies. }
\par\plain {reject the incoherencies in classical theism that Harnack and Swinburne identify and make the same decision Harnack and Swinburne made: to defend the personal character of God as a loving, good, agential being by weakening or rejecting divine eternity, immutability, and impassibility\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thereby limiting divine foreknowledge to make room for human freedom and natural divine responsiveness (among many other works, see Boyd 2000, Hasker 1989, 2004, Oord 2009, 2010, 2015, Pinnock etal. 1994, Rice 1980 republished as Rice 1985, Sanders 2007). This is an anthropomorphizing strategy, in all three dimensions of anthropomorphism: it dramatically increases Narrative Comprehensi bility, Intentionality Attribution, and Rational Practicality compared to classical theism and drives toward the sub-region within the agential theism class that houses the most anthropomorphic models. }
\par\plain {Other authors have seen the open theism movement as disastrous for theism and vigorously defend the classical attributes of God (for example, see Schreiner 2000, Erickson 2003, Frame 2001, Flint 1998, Geisler and House 2001, Huffman and Johnson 2002, Piper, Taylor and Helseth 2003, Ware 2000, Wright 1996). These defenders do notusually frame their attack on open theism as an attack on anthropomorphism; rather, they understand themselves to be church theologians defending normative classical Christian theism from heretical distortion that threatens the faith and salvation of ordinary believers. }
\par\plain {They suggest not only that open theists are failing to see the coherence of the trad itional divine attributes but also that the open theists are departing from the proper domain of theism. In this they have a point, despite the typically prejudicial and territorial expression that the point receives: the open theists\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 preference for divine goodness and love subordinates concern to make sense of ultimate reality and emphasizes the Rational Practicality dimension of anthropomorphism so strongly that it is no longer clear that open theism includes a viable theory of ultimate reality at all. Philosophical theologians with sympathies for process theism have pointed this out (see Oord 2003, Pinnock and Cobb 2000) while con tinuing to stress the key difference that process theism gives up modeling ultimate reality while open theism at least intendstobe talking about ultimate reality. Yet, from the process point of view, open theism rejects the incoherence of classical theism only to embrace another form of incoherence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an omnipotent creator from nothing for whom time is not a creature and who suffers limitations on divine knowledge\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so why not just give up on ultimate reality altogether and speak plainly about God as Highest Being, a part of a wider but religiously unimportant ultimate reality? }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {,that the more highly anthropomorphic models of ultimate reality cannot function as viable theories of ultimate reality but they can survive very well as models of a highest-being deity within a wider ultimate reality. In such views, ultimate reality is not worth trying to model as a whole, being beside the religious point. In other words, these highly anthropomorphic views are very serviceable and potentially com pelling as models of God, but not as models of ultimate reality. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A classic statement of the problem derives from early medieval Islamic theology, which frequently involved sharp debates between two schools: the Ash\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92arites and the Mu\u8217\'92tazilites. The Ash\u8217\'92arites held that no purely rational knowledge about Allah is possible and thus empha sized the need for trust solely in revealed sources of knowledge: Qur\u8217\'92an, Had\u8217\'92ith, and authoritative Islamic interpreters. By contrast, the Mu\u8217\'92tazilites also allowed that Aristotelian and natural knowledge of the world is genuine knowledge, made available by Allah, and thus that truth lies along the mediating path that seeks to understand sacred Islamic sources of divine knowledge along with knowledge of the natural world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a view far closer to most medieval Christian and Jewish approaches to revelation, including those of Aquinas and Maimonides. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The Ash\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92arites argued that something is good because Allah says it is good, while the Mu\u8217\'92tazilites argued that Allah says something is good because it is good. Like all pithy formula tions, this one sits awkwardly with some historical views within the competing schools but the point is a profound one. To what extent is everything ontologically dependent on God? Is even the good ontologic ally dependent on God? The same debate arises in Plato\u8217\'92s dialogue Euthyphro, where it is explicitly formulated as a dilemma, either side of which appears to have unpleasant consequences: is the pious loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is loved by the gods? (see Plato 1997, 10a). Many other philosophical theologians have picked up on the dilemma, including notably Leibniz (see Leibniz 1969: 561\endash 73). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In this perspective, classical theism\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assertion of the omnibenevo lence of God is highly paradoxical. How can God be truly omnipotent and yet there still be something external to God with reference to which God\u8217\'92s moral bearing can be assessed? The doctrine of aseity takes the starkest line on this question, saying that divine reality exists in, of, for and from itself. This implies that all things\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even the transcendental ideals of goodness, truth, and beauty\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are ontologically dependent on God, they derive from God, and they are what they are because of God. The most austere form of aseity additionally implies occasionalism: that nothing occurs that God does not do, that nothing is created that God does not create, and that there is no causal continuity apart from the action of God to make causal patterns and regularities appear. This view is widespread in Muslim philosophical theology\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a measure of thelong term influence of the Ash\u8217\'92arite school within Islamic thought\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but it is very much a minority view in Jewish, Christian, and Hindu philosoph ical theology, which are more inclined to affirm asiety in a moderate form. The latter are still creation ex nihilo views, but without the Ash\u8217\'92arite occasionalism. The ex nihilo constraint ensures that nothing already exists alongside God when God creates, which is the constraint that process models of ultimate reality (U3-C2) abandon. Thus, for the creation ex nihilo view, everything is ontologically dependent on God, and yet God is free to create how God sees fit, including to give creation integrity sufficient for sustaining its own causal regularities. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {ThelowRational Practicality of the Ash\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92arite view inevitably provokes an emphasis on authority and on surrender to authority that has been so prominent in some Islamic religious cultures. Without such high stress on surrender to definitiveauthority, there would benopossibilityoftherelatively less anthropomorphic Ash\u8217\'92arite view partnering with a large-scale civiliza tion. As conceptual underpinnings for large-scale civilizations, views simultaneously apophatic and anti-anthropomorphic tend to entrain authoritarianism to compensate for the assumed futility of the exercise of public reason. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Third-century CE Neoplatonist philosopher Plotinus sought to explain how the many come from a One in such a way as to make clear that, in ultimate perspective, despite appearances, there really is nothing aside from the One\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no beings, no matter, no forms, no values, no time, no space, no distinction between being and not-being, no determinations of any kind whatsoever. Thus, his One was modeled as supremely simple, and he invoked a process of emanation to explain how the many spontaneously arise from theOne.Eventhespontaneityofeman ation had to arise from the One (see Plotinus 1966). Obviously, Ploti nus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s model of ultimate reality is not in the agential-being class; indeed, no such extreme solution to the problem of the One and the Many could comprehend an agential being as ultimate reality because an agential being requires a host of determinations that interfere with the goal of a purely simple explanation of the many. In fact, Plotinus\u8217\'92s view belongs to the perennialphilosophy,great-chain-of-being (U2-C1)class. Other views seeking extreme solutions to the problem of the One and the Many are of the ground-of-being (U2-C2) type, as with Robert Neville\u8217\'92s creation ex nihilo ultimacy model (see Neville 1968, 2013). Some ultimacy models bluntly reject the importance of the problem of the One and the Many altogether, radically limiting it to an analysis of this-worldly creation and refusing to account for reality as a whole with a coherent model\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these are the U3views,includingtheU3-C2process cosmology ultimacy models of Alfred North Whitehead (1978) and Charles Hartshorne (1948). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A classic example of a less-highly-anthropomorphic agential-being model that stresses the importance of the problem of the One and the Many as a criterion of metaphysical adequacy is Augustine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view of creation. Augustine left behind his Manichaeist indifference to the ultimate unity and intelligibility of reality partly because of the influ ence of Plotinus, and particularly Plotinus\u8217\'92s endeavor to explain ultim ate reality as spiritual and as wholly, absolutely unified. Yet, Augustine could not follow Plotinus completely because he believed that, as a Christian philosophical theologian, he had to interpret the aseity and absolute ontological priority of God in Trinitarian terms and in such a way as to do justice to the divine agency needed to make sense of the Incarnation and other aspects of divine providence. So Augustine made two balancing theoretical moves.Ontheonehand,hetooktheproblem of the One and the Many further than most by making everything created ontologically dependent on God, including time, space, sub stance, causality, and value. But he checked the metaphysical criterion at that point so that it didn\u8217\'92t extend to, and \u8220\'93infect,\u8221\'94 the divine char acter itself. He did this by means of an interpretation of aseity that exempted the determinations within the divine nature from requiring any further explanation in the terms of the problem of the One and the Many: God\u8217\'92s aseity means that God is self-explaining and no further explanation of determinations within the divine life itself are needed. A minority line of philosophical theologians from Plotinus to Neville take such a limitation on the problem of the One and the Many as a criterion of metaphysical adequacy to be deeply unsatisfactory, because it is philosophically arbitrary. That is, aseity is merely the name for a stubborn, motivated refusal to pursue metaphysical inquiry where it naturally goes. Yet the classical theistic tradition flowing from August ine has been quite content to accept that divine aseity means never having to ask where God came from or why God is the way God is. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {When reframed, Dawkins\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question can be lucidly expressed and is recognizable as a profound challenge to theism with ancient standing. His critics make fun of him for being theologically illiterate but from my point of view his question is clear and deserves a clear answer. The fact that, according to Dawkins, nobody ever gives him a straight answer to this question shows how complacent philosophical theologians have become in the long wake of Augustine\u8217\'92s decision\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 again, his decision was to limit the importance of the metaphysical criterion of the problem of the One and the Many by invoking an interpretation of divine aseity in which God is self-explaining, implying that the determinations needed to make sense of the model of ultimate reality as a divine agent require no further explanation. Non-complacent philo sophical theologians would not mock anyone for asking such a good question; they would understand the point of the question and hon estly engage the inquirer over the very deep puzzle about whether anything non-simple (such as an agential being) could be self-explaining. In regard to Dawkins\u8217\'92s challenge, the philosophical-theological tradition really does not contain an answer so much as a record of stipula tions that show how the challenge has been measured and managed. Sometimes it takes an outsider to show philosophical theologians where they have become complacent. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Paul Tillich declared that there is no non-symbolic statement about God (save for that single statement itself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 note that he also explored a number of variations on that theme, trying to make his point as precise as possible\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 see Tillich 1951\endash 63). And there is a host of defenders of theanalogy of being, often reinterpreting it in some way to accommodate what seems right about the challenges mentioned above (see Cajetan 1959, Long 2011, Montagnes and Tallon 2004, Mortensen 2006; also see White 2010 for an account of the debate over the analogy of being related to Barth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s objections to it). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {_____}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Despite this affirmation of personalism, the Bible does not neglect the dangers of personal conceptions of God. In many places it stresses the holiness, unapproachability, and inconceivability of God, as well as the moral unintelligibility-to-us of God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s justice. These biblical warnings have the potential to disrupt human tendencies to collapse into a familiar \u8220\'93good buddy\u8221\'94 attitude to the Almighty Creator (which has become quite common in some forms of Protestant Christianity, such as elements of the Vineyard movement; see Luhrmann 2012), or to fall prey to indifference about covenant with God (which has become wide spread in many liberal mainline churches). The Bible never fails to stress God\u8217\'92s presence, God\u8217\'92s concern for God\u8217\'92s people, and God\u8217\'92s covenantal faithfulness, even when this leads to mind-boggling displays of divine wrath. We read about the destruction of entire cities, the scattering of the Northern Kingdom of Israel, the enslavement of the Southern King dom of Judah, the destruction of Jerusalem and its temple, and the greatest destruction of all, the Great Flood. The biblical God is a personal active being and you disrespect this God at your peril, according to the Bible. That vengefulness is distinctively personal behavior. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The non-personal God of Athens, the God of the philosophers, is more like abstract Being Itself than a concrete being, more like the rules of the game than a player in the game\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thus, certainly not an intentional or agential being. The reference to Athens is misleading because, like all of the ancient Western civilizations, the dominant religious outlook in Athenian culture was personal Gods in a pantheon (transitioning during the Axial Age from the U3-C1evolutionary default to U2-C1 and U1-C1 alternatives). Nevertheless, as the name suggests, the non-personal idea of God has been most popular among philo sophers. The ancient Greek philosopher Plato explicitly sided with the God of the philosophers in distinction from the mythological person like deities of the Greek pantheon, which he regarded as superstitions. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Just as the Jerusalem side contains its warnings about idolatry and over-familiarity with the divine, so the Athens side has its detractors, often within its own ranks. Most recently, postmodern philosophical theologians have latched onto the ultimate failure of ontotheology to characterize ultimate reality in a compelling way. This failure shows up in irresolvable disagreements about what counts as intellectually and spiritually satisfying and also in the apparently unavoidable elem ents of incoherency that blight every metaphysical model of ultimate reality\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 particularly (so goes the critique) those that employ the cat egory of being. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {e-reality-as-a-being (the U1-C1 agential-being model), seemed strange. It was more natural to think of God as the One that flows outward into the world of beings, or as Being-Itself that transcends all actual beings. Yet, when properly framed, this philosoph ical approach could yield something like the divine personalism of the Bible. How so? The first eternal motion within the unchanging One is self-reflection, which was thematized in Middle Platonism as the thoughts of God in creation (the forms) and in Neo-Platonism as the eternal Logos. These structural metaphysical moves make the eter nal unchanging One amenable to human interests and understanding through the idea that the Logos is the word or speech of God to and through creation. This idea lies at the heart of the Grand Synthesis because it gives a personal aspect to the otherwise severely undifferen tiated and thus clearly non-personal One. The One might be difficult to conceive as an aware agential being but the Logos could be thought of more easily in that way, and the Logos just is the One in self-reflective generative outpouring. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In a less philosophically developed way, but a way better fitted to the pressures of ecclesiastical politics, the Grand Synthesis was enshrined in Christian creedal affirmations that press together personal (biblical) and non-personal (philosophical) elements to define key doctrines such as the Trinity and the hypostatic union (the unity of humanity and divin ity in Christ). These are complex doctrines, their expression materially conditioned by concrete worries about particular people, places, pub lished works, theological viewpoints, and church crises. In fact, these doctrines are so complex that most Christians can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t state them with any degree of accuracy and do not understand them in any detail. Their philosophical subtlety, their contextual conditioning, and their lack of straightforward biblical resonance makes them difficult to grasp and hard to remember. Yet in some distal sense these doctrines guide most Christian churches as they seek a sound intellectual understanding of their actual practices and beliefs. The complexity of these doctrinal statements certainly gives evidence of the move against the Narrative Comprehensibility dimension of anthropomorphism operating within ancient and early medieval Christianity. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Later in the medieval period, the Grand Synthesis received an Aristo telian cast, thanks especially to Thomas Aquinas. In the Aristotelian framework, ultimate reality is not a being but rather Pure Act or First Cause or Unmoved Mover\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in effect, God thinking Godself, without variation or change. This view of ultimate reality posits God as the primary actor in every event, sustaining and making effective the sec ondary (ordinary) causes of natural processes. Yet this primary activity is not the action of a divine being but Pure Act, which means that God has nounrealized potential, and so does not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 indeed, cannot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 intend to act and then actually act in specific ways to manifest God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own nature; any such action would entail unrealized potential in the divine life logically prior to that action, which is the characteristic of all beings. This implies that God could not act in some places or times but not others, because this would violate the philosophical-theological ideal of God\u8217\'92s immutability, which was rooted in the rejection of any unrealized divine potential. So framed, this seems clearly to be a U2-C2 ground-of-being model of ultimate reality. So how could such a view be useful to agential-being (U1-C1) models of ultimate reality? How can the immutability of God as Pure Act be reconciled with God acting providentially in special ways to realize divine purposes? How could the Aristotelian framework help to perpetuate the Grand Synthesis of Jerusalem and Athens? The key is that Thomas did not simply adopt Aristotle\u8217\'92sframework;he modified it, and claimed to improve it in the process. In Thomas\u8217\'92s thought God\u8217\'92s providential acts are concretely conceived, and many are expressed through the world\u8217\'92s flow of secondary causes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pre eminently in the Incarnation but also in concrete acts of specific divine providence. These special providential acts include both miraculous acts such as creation of the world, creation of souls, and the justification of the unrighteous that Thomas believed lie outside the natural order; and miraculous departures from normal causal sequencing within the nat ural order, understood in awayconsistent with God\u8217\'92sfaithfulness to the higher-order principles of God\u8217\'92s own creation (see Summa Theologica (Aquinas 1947) part I, question 105, articles 6\endash 7). This is unquestionably an agential-theism (U1-C1) view. Thomas held this even though he also understood God in basically Aristotelian terms as the first cause behind the flow of secondary causes in the natural order, as simple (not made of parts), as existing without any limitation, as unchanging, and as atem poral (see ST part I, questions 3\endash 10). In the same way, he did not merely take over the biblical idea of God as a personal agential being; he modified that, too. In Thomas, the Grand Synthesis was not merely received or repristinated; it was reforged. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {As admirable as Thomas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s creative theological achievement is, he was so clear in his metaphysical framework that he unintentionally dis played in incipient form the conceptual fractures that eventually widened to manifest the structural instability of the Grand Synthesis. During the drawn-out dominance of the Grand Synthesis\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 slightly over a millennium\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Christian theologians were usually content to describe ultimate reality by pressing together philosophical (usually Neoplatonic or Aristotelian) categories with the biblical portrayal of God as a per sonal, intentional, active being. The basic tradeoff in the synthesis was this: the theologian grants the philosophers\u8217\'92 point that ultimate reality is not abeing,butconstruesthisas\u8220\'93notabeinglikecreatedbeings,\u8221\'94and then continues to insist with the Bible that the divine being is personal, intentional, and active. Where some analysts sawonly contradictions in this synthesis, most late ancient and medieval Christian theologians saw hard-won harmony. This tradeoff is the basis, in the Christian context, for the judiciously anthropomorphic agential-being (U1-C1) models of ultimate reality. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I call these processes \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93balancing mechanisms\u8221\'94 and hold that they drive intellectual developments and sustain theological ideas, more than the other way around, in most forms of popular religion (see Wildman 1999). Balan cing mechanisms operate in recognizably similar ways in all theistic religions, including when the challenge is to balance personal and non-personal symbols for God. To understand how this balancing of personal and non-personal symbols works, consider the following gen eralized analysis of symbol balancing mechanisms in theistic religions. As noted above, the sacred scriptures of the great theistic religions all prominently testify to God\u8217\'92s personal character, to God\u8217\'92s intentions and plans, to God\u8217\'92s feelings and responses, and to God\u8217\'92s power and actions. As the histories of Hinduism, Judaism, Christianity, and Islam show, however, theistic religious cultures spontaneously, inevitably produce other views of the divine-as-ultimate-reality that do not take God\u8217\'92s personal active character for granted. These alternative visions of ultim ate reality have lived on the underside of the dominantly agential being (U1-C1) traditions, to be sure. But live on they have, notably in philosophical-theological sub-traditions, which are small and prudently sequestered parts of religion, socially speaking. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Perhaps. Another reason, I think, is that life rudely interrupts the simplicity of popular personalist theism rather often, so that many ordinary people repeatedly have experienced over the millennia an irresistible intellec tual and spiritual longing for ways of conceiving God that are more adequate to their experience. Whenlife shows itsfangs, some people are drawn to the most emphatically anti-anthropomorphic models within the agential-being class, to mitigate the cognitive dissonance of an apparently-fanged-yet-putatively-loving agential deity. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A few examples will illustrate the point. First, in the post-Holocaust Jewish context, it has been common to challenge the adequacy of the Psalms\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 model of complaining to God about unjust suffering.ThePsalmic approach attempts to preserve the idea of God as a personal agential being through confrontation and complaint. How else can a personal relation ship with Godbe maintainedunder the implacable pressure of suffering? But this can prove unsatisfactory in the long run because, when suffering is enormous, trust-filled complaints cannot continue forever without hearts breaking in disappointment instead of bearing up in trust. Thus, somepost-Holocaust Jewish thinkers have gravitated away from agential being models of ultimate reality altogether. Second, in the South Asian context, the sheer variety of religious life makes a simply personal conception of the ultimate difficult to sustain; there is always someone nearby with a different view of ultimate reality who feels just as strongly about it. As a result, the most widespread Hindu conception of ultimate reality, Brahman, is typically modeled as an impersonal cosmic moral principle, while personal attributes are }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 my theory is that the sad people perish, the happy people live. And so the happy, conquering gods live.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The inevitability of balancing mechanisms in corporate liturgy and personal spirituality remains regardless of the prevailing view of ultim ate reality. Metaphysically innocent and even superstitious forms of personal theism may be dominant in the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s religions, in accord with human cognitive and emotional predispositions formed in the evolutionary process, as well as the needs of social groups for corporate unity and identity (see Wildman 2009b). But the kinds of pressures I have described perpetually push people toward intellectually more challenging and spiritually more adequate views of ultimate reality, whether of the agential-being, subordinate-deity, or ground-of-being types. These same pressures regularly produce socially differentiated structures within religious traditions that protect and nurture the less popular views alongside, or on the underside of, the more popular views of ultimate reality. Sometimes those pressures push people out of reli gious communities altogether. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Personal theism has a deep coherence problem in a religiously plural world, }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A central argument of this book is that the accumulating knowledge of our era has increasingly manifested the Jerusalem\endash Athens rapproche ment as an awkward hybrid and not a true conceptual synthesis. By itself, this does not reflect poorly on agential-being models of ultimate reality, many of which remain intelligible. But the collapse of the purported Jerusalem\endash Athens synthesis does disrupt the have-your cake-and-eat-it-too subsumption strategy of the judiciously anthropo morphic models within the agential-being class. This forces these classical theistic interpretations of ultimate reality either decisively into the more highly anthropomorphic region of the U1-C1 (agential being) class or else decisively into one of the ground-of-being models (U2-C1 or U2-C2), while decisively ruling out dual membership. The decision about which way to go depends on whether the [URAGENT] proposition (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93ultimate reality is an aware, agential being\u8221\'94) is accepted or rejected as literally, metaphysically true. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 socrates in space; I could see it coming a mile away. Forming your civilization around this bastardization of both was never going to last.}
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 none of this matters. There is only the common law approach to life and naked power. The intellectual core is not at the core, its a suckerfish on the backside of civilization. What has eroded all is technology. Division of labor. Division of family. Etc. Etc. Etc.}
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but a purer philosophy could root}
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but it can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. Not when people make people out of ideas.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Amuch better known challenge(taken uplater, insubsection 3.4.2) is the problem of theodicy\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 easily the most famous and longstanding challenge for personalist models of ultimate reality as an agential being. Theodicy can be a problem also for ground-of-being models that attempt to hold that God is unambiguously good (in any sense at all), though many ground-of-being models simply give up the idea of ultimate reality as unambiguously good, dissolving the theodicy prob lem in the process. Theodicy is not a problem for subordinate deity models, which can liberate God from the moral ambiguity of reality as a whole and assign to God whatever moral character the model con struct requires. Thus, the theodicy problem is particularly sharp for agential-being models of God, precisely to the extent that God is under stood to be ultimate reality }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {On the one hand, we have witnessed the emergence and growing popularity of process theology, an entry in the subordinate-deity (U3-C2) class of ultimacy models that breaks with the synthesis by surrendering the idea that God should be the ultimate reality. We have also seen the development of views so strongly personalist in character, dispensing with key metaphysical attributes such as immut ability and impassibility and even eternity, that their standing as accounts of ultimate reality is questionable even though the intention is for them to be instances of agential-being (U1-C1) ultimacy models. Either of these moves was virtually unthinkable in medieval Europe, though the subordinate-deity class of ultimacy models does have important ancient representatives. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But Grand Syn thesis versions of agential-being (U1-C1) models mustconfrontaserious challenge to their conceptual coherence. Grand Synthesis models can be saved from incoherence by means of a particular understanding of divine aseity but they have to be modified in the process and they still must pay a price in the currency of metaphysical arbitrariness. These Modified Grand Synthesis views are the strongest representatives of the agential-being (U1-C1) class of ultimacy models. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll work our way through those argumentative details presently. Given this collapse of the Grand Synthesis, the conceptually most forceful way to save the idea of God as agential being is simply and radically to dispense with the claim that this God is the ultimate reality, which is to shift from the agential-being class of ultimacy models (U1-C1) to the subordinate-deity class (U3-C2). Plenty of pro cess theologians have made exactly that move. Correspondingly, the conceptually most forceful way to save the idea of God as ultimate reality is simply and radically to dispense with the claim that ultimate reality is an agential being, which is to shift from the agential-being class of ultimacy models (U1-C1) to the ground-of-being class (U2). Plenty of Protestant and post-Christian theologians have done that, before and after the pre-eminent twentieth-century instance of it in the writings of Paul Tillich, and there are Jewish parallels, especially among post-Holocaust intellectuals. A less conceptually forceful but still effective response to this deep problem within the Grand Synthe sis is to remain in the U1-C1 agential being class, to accept that there will be no true escape from the sharp challenges of religious diversity andexcessive anthropomorphism,tostressdivineaseityasaneffective way to protect agential-being models of ultimate reality from incoher ence despite the associated metaphysical arbitrariness, and to modify the metaphysical attributes of God from their Grand-Synthesis ver sions to createModified Grand Synthesis agential-being (U1-C1) models of ultimate reality. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The modern sciences, especially the natural sciences, become relevant especially in relation to the issue of providential divine action. The Grand Synthesis proposes that an immutable (non-changing), impass ible (non-feeling), eternal (non-temporal) God acts in some ways, places, and times but not others. Immutability, impassibility, and eter nality do seem to contradict differential divine awareness and responsive ness, which are the core conceptual requirements of agential-being theism. To want or intend something contradicts immutability and impassibility, while to act in one place and time but not another contra dicts immutability and eternality\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 relative to the classical understand ings of these attributes, at any rate. There is no surprise here: this is one of the most profound questions within classically oriented philosoph ical theology. Johann Fichte said it well: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93the least attention to your construction of these concepts can teach you that you simply do not and cannot think of personality and consciousness without limitation andfinitude. Consequently, by attributing these predicates to this being [God] you make it into something finite, into a being similar to your selves; and you have not thought God, as you wished, but rather you have only multiplied yourselves in your thinking\u8221\'94 (Fichte 2010: 26 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {In the manifest ation story, the warrior hero Arjuna asks Kr\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u803\'3Fs\u803\'3Fn\u803\'3Fa to show his universal form, after which a cognitively inassimilable theophany occurs, a vision of glory from which Arjuna soon begs to be released. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In Augustine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s time, and due especially to him, consensus consoli dated around an intensification of Philo\u8217\'92s Middle Platonist idea of cre ation, such that space, time, causality, substance, and value were all ontologically dependent on God. This is creatio ex nihilo (creation from nothing), and this view subordinated everything to God\u8217\'92s creative and providential power. Nothing less seemed capable of properly dignifying the meaning of God as omnipotent and providentially in control of the ambiguous and conflicted mess that is human life. Moreover, every thing must be good, just as the first Genesis creation narrative declares, because it comes from the omnibenevolent God. And this God was also the personal agent needed to interpret Christian beliefs about divine providential acts. This is the birth narrative of the GrandSynthesis. It is the story of how God became conceived both as the ultimate reality and as a personal agent. It was the perfect theological narrative at the time, and it seemed so for more than a thousand years. The obvious problems with this otherwise impressive intellectual accomplishment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 accounting for reli gious diversity, contending with excessive anthropomorphism, explain ing the origins of the determinate divine nature, and making sense of divine action\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were deflected rather than engaged most of the time, which is a measure of how obvious this synthetic view was taken to be. Non-theistic religions, non-religious atheists, and non-Christian theists were simply mistaken and God would deal with them in mercy and justice. Anthropomorphism in its most superstitious forms was attacked through doctrines such as immutability, impassibility, and eternity. Divine aseity made God self-explaining, so nobody could meaningfully ask \u8220\'93Where did God come from?\u8221\'94 Divine action was a mystery befitting such a great deity who could be understood as Pure Act (actus purus) and yet also as a personal agent, as Being Itself (esse ipsum) and yet also as the Highest and noblest being. The obviousness of the answers was such that it was easy to hold off Highest Being competitor views within the agential-being (U1-C1) class, Highest Being competitor views in the subordinate-deity (U3-C2) class, and Ground-of-Being (U2) competitor views. These problems have never gone away, however, and in the modern period they have become sharper and more urgent than ever before, giving life to the competitor views in the process. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This view operates at some distance from evolu tionarily stabilized cognitive tendencies of our species, as a result. Being thus indigestible to many people, a host of liturgically supported mech anisms sprang up to keep the Jerusalem and Athens sides in balance. Occasional objections from both sides\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that philosophical consider ations were alien dilutions of the personal-agent message of the Bible, and that popular personalist piety produces philosophical incoherence and fanaticism\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were manageable so long as these ritually supported balancing mechanisms were in place. If the institutional continuity and social control of Christianity were to break down in particular ways, however, these institutionally encoded balancing mechanisms might be dramatically weakened. As it turned out, this is more or less what hap pened, right at the dawn of modernity. Once the printing press enabled mass distribution of the Bible and prompted widespread literacy, minimally educated Christians could read for themselves about the mighty covenantal acts of God in the Hebrew Scriptures and especially in Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 life as recorded in the New Testament. The institutional rupture of the Protestant Reformation could not have occurred if ready access to the scriptural images of a personal God had not fomented dissatisfaction with medieval church practices that separated human beings from God by a forbidding phal anx of priests, controlling access. Protestant churches are dominated by personal theism because they centralize the Bible in piety, preaching, and worship, and because they subordinate everything, including pre viously effective institutionally realized balancing mechanisms, to the biblical witness. Catholic (and also Eastern Orthodox) spirituality has continued to nurture these liturgically grounded balancing mechanisms and thus tends to be more even-handed about personal versus non personal theism, carrying forward Thomas Aquinas\u8217\'92s metaphysically hybrid but spiritually elegant synthetic approach. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In this way, Christianity since the Reformation reasserted the personal God of Jerusalem and the Bible over against the metaphysical God of Athens and the philo sophers, driving a wedge between the two sides of the Grand Synthesis }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This post-Reformation period, which is also the dawning of modern ity, birthed vast and entangled transformations in human self understanding, thanks to the natural sciences, the political ideal of self-determining nation states, the rise of historical consciousness, and eventually the social sciences. The effects of these new perspectives have been liberating in many obvious ways, but they have also devastated certain accomplishments of thepast. The triumph of the ancient church lay partly in the synthesis of Athens and Jerusalem in the creeds and doctrines of the ecumenical councils and especially in the writings of Augustine. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The strength of the medieval church lay partly in the ease with which this synthesis of personal and non-personal conceptions of God thrived in piety andtheology, especially in the writings of Aquinas. But post-Reformation modern Christianity reminded us about the way the historical, human, and natural sciences make the synthesis between the God of the Bible and the God of the philosophers deeply unsatis factory after all\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and perhaps not worth preserving. Just as ancient Christian theologian Tertullian demanded to know (prior to the tri umphant consensus around the Grand Synthesis) \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What has Athens to do with Jerusalem?\u8221\'94 so we are led to ask the same question in our own time (see Tertullian 1956, ch. 7, section 9). How compatible are the biblical God and the God of the philosophers? }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The success of the sciences\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 working naturalistic assumption calls to mind Laplace\u8217\'92s reply to Napoleon\u8217\'92s question about the role of God in Laplace\u8217\'92s model of the solar system. Wecan imagine Laplace choosing his words carefully in response to this loaded question from such a volatile and powerful figure. \u8220\'93I have no need of that hypothesis,\u8221\'94 Laplace delicately said. He was referring to his use of the mathematics of perturbation theory to demonstrate the sta bility of planetary orbits, distinguishing his view from Isaac Newton\u8217\'92s belief that God had to adjust planetary paths to avoid chaotic orbits and ultimately providentially uninterpretable collisions among the planets. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The reasoning here is subtle. Obviously one cannot infer \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93no room\u8221\'94 from \u8220\'93no need\u8221\'94 without further premises. The further premises in this case include an idea of a divine act that is conceptually sharper in the modern period than ever before, precisely to the extent that science refines our understanding of the causally interlocking world in which God is believed to act. It is because of this shifting understanding of causality and agency that we are entitled to insist on an unequivocal yes-or-no response to the proposition [URAGENT]: \u8220\'93Ultimate reality is an aware, agential being.\u8221\'94 If God is personal and acts (as [URAGENT] asserts), then those actions must appear within the natural processes of our world, either as natural-law suspending miracle or as somehow consistent with the lawful flow of ordinary events, and those acts would have to be at least partly if not wholly comprehensible on scientific terms. If such acts really do appear in nature, God just is personal and just does act\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the symbols of divine action inevitably become literalized metaphysical descriptions of God rather than sym bolic gestures toward patterns of humanly detectable meaning in nature. And if the world is never objectively different than it otherwise would have been, then there is no room for the hypothesis of God as a personal agent. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {After the rise of the natural sciences, it was (and remains) virtually impossible to refuse this counterfactually sharpened logical connection: to say God is an agent means that the world must be different than it would otherwise be due specifically to God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s acts. The proposition [URAGENT] has to be true or false accordingly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yes and no equivoca tion is out of the question. God cannot be Pure Act and Being Itself one minute, or at onelevel, or in one way,andanagentialbeingdeliberately choosing a specific providential intervention with natural-world conse quences the next. It is a contradiction, and its contradictory character was made more straightforwardly evident in early modernity than in prior eras. Aristotle\u8217\'92s non-personal view of God is consistent. The Bible\u8217\'92s personal view of God is consistent. Highest-Being views of God are consistent. But the Grand Synthesis is riven withinternal inconsistency. The two sides of the synthesis were held together by liturgical practices that arguably promoted personal wellbeing, institutional stability, and traditional identity, but even those practical virtues could not continue to mask the underlying conceptual instability in light of the emerging natural sciences. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This drives us to stop thinking of God as a personal agent altogether; to embrace non-personal symbols for God such as Pure Act and Being Itself; and to unmask personal imagery for God as exceptionally useful anthropomorphic projection driven by human psychological and social needs, borne up by scriptures from an ancient age with a consciousness significantly alien to our own. Such a result is simply atheism to those for whom anything other than an agential being can never count as God. But it is ground-of-being theism to those for whom lucid speech about God only begins after God is taken out of the realm of agential beings. To supporters of subordinate deity models, it is one more reason to abandon classical theism and to cease the fruitless attempts to identify God with ultimate reality. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Assumptions in place, let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s begin by noting the fundamental attract iveness of the insight here: if God is creator of all, then God must not only ontologically ground but also ontologically express all of the dimensions of life. This must include the most complex we know, which is the personal realm in which the dimensions of life are com plexly combined, though Godmayexpressthisinawaythattranscends our experience of the personal. The appeal is due partly to the fit with maturationally natural human assumptions about the way people cre ate: they put themselves into their creations, at least in the sense that they envision the outcome, whether specifically or vaguely, and thus must be in creating at least as complex as that which they create. The \u8220\'93not less than personal\u8221\'94 move is also appealing because it expresses a plenitude view rather than an emptiness view of ultimate reality: as we move from the determinate objects, processes, and beings of ordinary reality, to their logical and ontological conditions, we find not nothing and not emptiness but a fullness of being. Surely this plenitude of being must be not less than what it conditions, including not less than personal! If that\u8217\'92s all sound, then the \u8220\'93not less than personal\u8221\'94 move neatly protects the Grand Synthesis by uniting a not-less than personal reality with ultimate reality. Of course, many Highest-Being models assert that God is not less than personal, including subordinate-being (U3-C2) ultimacy models that have nothing to say about ultimate reality as such. But when agential-being (U1-C1) ultimacy models make the \u8220\'93not less than personal\u8221\'94 move, ultimate reality itself becomes the bearer of that attribute. We should notice that there is logical redundancy here. Affirming the premise [URAGENT] locates an ultimacy model within the agential being (U1-C1) class, and [URAGENT] already establishes that ultimate reality is not less than personal\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 indeed, ultimate reality is a personal, intentional agent who presumably envisages and designs created beings and then personally calls them into existence. We don\u8217\'92t need to make an argument for the not-less-than-personal move when it is delivered for free; thus the redundancy. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Similarly, if the not-less-than-personal move holds up, proponents of subordinate-deity (U3-C2) ultimacy models will face the problem that something intelligible and religiously import ant can be said about ultimate reality after all, despite their claim to the contrary. The use of the not-less-than-personal move for offense as well as defense makes it doubly appealing. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {According to the anthropomorphic logic of the proposition [URA GENT], God must have a center of conscious awareness, an intentional will, and an agential capacity, somewhat like us though perhaps in a strikingly unique divine way. In the context of affirming [URAGENT], with its formalization of metaphysical terms, these are literal metaphys ical assertions, even though we may need analogies to say much about them. After all, we have no way of making sense of God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purported providential acts in history other than supposing that God literally intends them and brings them about in something like the way that we would. Yet, now in defiance of this anthropomorphic logic, most agential being (U1-C1) models of ultimate reality also assert that God is not temporally, perceptually, neurally, biologically, bodily, or historic ally conditioned\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 attributes that are conceptually welded to ideas of human awareness, intention, and action. Splitting off inconvenient attributes in this way is metaphysically arbitrary and insufficiently critical of the curious coincidence whereby God closely resembles us (the intentionality-attribution dimension of anthropomorphism, its implications formalized in the Central Result of the scientific study of religion; see section 3.1). To avoid the specter of self-serving metaphys ical arbitrariness, which is something most philosophical theologians are eager to do, an argument is needed for affirming some respects in which ultimate reality is not less than personal while rejecting other respects. Proponents of agential being (U1-C1) models of ultimate real ity have been slow to furnish such arguments. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 [Premise 1] A being is a possible bearer of attributes and anything that bears attributes is a being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 [Premise 2] It is always possible to ask about the conditions for the possibility of an (attribute-bearing) being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 [Premise 3] Those conditions are ontologically more fundamental than what is conditioned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 [Conclusion] No being can be ontologically fundamental.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {[Corollary] A bearer of attributes such as those referenced in [URA GENT] cannot be ontologically ultimate. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I note in passing that this is not really a Kantian argument despite the reference to transcendental operations of reason in seeking logical con ditions for the possibility of things. I defend a pragmatist theory of inquiry, for which I need to refute some aspects of Kant quite firmly, including deconstructing his famous antinomies of pure reason at the end of the first critique. I have carried out those tasks elsewhere to clear space for a theory of direct-but-mediated engagement with reality of the kind required in any biologically embodied, socially embedded, prag matist theory of inquiry (see Wildman2010b).My invocation of Kantin speaking of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93conditions for the possibility of determinate features of beings\u8221\'94 is supposed to be suggestive, not to commit me to a flawed Kantian framework for inquiry. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {If \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u346\'53an\u775\'3Fkara had been able to respond personally to Ra\u772\'AFma\u772\'AFnuja\u8217\'92s claim that sagun\u803\'3Fa Brahman (God with attributes) is ultimate reality, he would have said \u8220\'93Nothing with attributes can be ultimate!\u8221\'94 pointing instead to nirgun\u803\'3Fa Brahman (God without attributes). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The argument suggests that [URAGENT] contains a category mistake, an internal contradiction of ideas: God cannot be both ultimate reality and a bearer of attributes such as awareness and agency because the combination is ruled out by the very meanings of the terms employed to express it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {The primary tool for blocking the argument is the idea of aseity, enshrined as a metaphysical attribute within the doctrine of God as articulated in classical forms of Christian theology. Wealready discussed aseity when analyzing lines of variation among agential-being (U1-C1) models of ultimate reality (see subsection 3.2.2). To recall, at least from Augustine onwards, aseity was used to limit the importance of the metaphysical criterion of the problem of the One and the Many by positioning God as self-explaining and self-grounding, which implies that the determinations needed to make sense of the model of ultimate reality as a divine agent require no further explanation. This promises to block Premise 2. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Relative to the argument under discussion and formalized above, invoking aseity is a question-begging strategy. The question is: can there be a being that contains the conditions for its possibility within its own being (the claim of aseity)? The answer is no in regard to all things, save for anutterly unique exception, namely, that of a beingthat contains the conditions for its possibility within its own being. It is a classic case of question-begging. }{Nevertheless, begging the question may be necessary in order to point to a unique logical and metaphysical possibility. Proponents of agential-being (U1-C1) models of ultimate reality can either supply an argument for why there should be an utterly unique exception; or else declare that we can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know that there is such a being apart from the self-revelation of this being, and that\u8217\'92s how we discover that aseity is true. The latter route effectively gives up on natural theology in the relevant respects and still doesn\u8217\'92t deliver the needed result because the putative self-revelation of God in any theistic tradition is not philosophically specific enough to establish that this God contains the conditions for its possibility within its own being. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But there are other infinite regresses, even more vicious than the regress of ontological dependence. One of these is associated with logical conditions for having determinate character istics, as in the formalized argument under discussion (for penetrating statements, see Neville 1968, 2013). The classical understanding of divine aseity was not designed to block the regress associated with logical conditions for determinate characteristics. Indeed, the regress of identifying the logical conditions for determinations passes right through Augustine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view of God, drawing attention to the need to explain the determinate characteristics that Augustine attributes to God, and thereby showing that his God can\u8217\'92t be ultimate reality after all. I think Augustine would be untroubled by this consideration. He would presume that aseity can simply be extended, becoming the name for the invocation of an exception in respects other than the one for which it was originally created. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Nevertheless, our analysis has not been in vain. We have discovered that it is possible to block the charge of conceptual incoherence lurking within the Grand Synthesis. We have discovered that the price for this is paid in the currency of question-begging metaphysical arbitrariness. We have seen that proponents of agential-being (U1-C1) models will gladly pay that price whereas proponents of the other models of ultimate reality will not. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {How do Modified Grand-Synthesis views of God reinterpret immut ability, impassibility, simplicity, and eternity to render them consistent with \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93not less than personal\u8221\'94 while at the same time maintaining that we are talking about ultimate reality rather than the Highest Being within ultimate reality? The entire array of U2 and U3 views will assert that this is an impossible aspiration, that the incoherence of the Grand Synthesis is intractable, and that the agential-being (U1-C1) class disin tegrates into views properly regarded as U2-C1, U2-C2, or U3-C2. As we have seen, however, the \u8220\'93not less than personal\u8221\'94 predicate is deeply appealing to many people, and most of those people can\u8217\'92t really see any point in talking about God at all unless God can be rendered as not less than personal. Those people will never jump ship; rather, they will go downfighting to save it. So we need to ask: Is this rehabilitation project logically possible? Is the result plausible relative to the alternatives in the agential-being (U1-C1) class of ultimacy models? I ventured in passing an interpretation of simplicity as partlessness that might be argued to comport with a not-less-than-personal model of }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The same is true for the other metaphysical attributes. The interpret ation of immutability shifts from \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93no change,\u8221\'94 which bluntly violates the \u8220\'93not less than personal\u8221\'94 criterion by ruling out awareness and agency, to \u8220\'93no change in fundamental character\u8221\'94 (something like this is attempted in Weinandy 1985, 2000). Impassibility shifts from \u8220\'93no feeling,\u8221\'94 which is sharply incompatible with awareness, to \u8220\'93such full ness of feeling and awareness that there is no emotion-led distortion of perception or judgment.\u8221\'94 Eternity might be treated as \u8220\'93intense presence to every moment simultaneously,\u8221\'94 which could conceivably hold the door open to intentionality and agency despite the seemingly intract ably temporal quality of those facets of the \u8220\'93not less than personal\u8221\'94 criterion. Alternatively, and following Swinburne (1977), a kind of tem porality can be attributed to the divine life while simply rejecting eternity altogether or else weakly interpreting eternity as everlastingness. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {First, as noted earlier, personal theists such as nineteenth-century German historical theologian Adolf von Harnack delighted in the col lapse of the Grand Synthesis, thinking it liberation from metaphysical tyranny, reversing centuries of strangling the beautiful religious mes sage of a personal God beneath the merciless hands of the Jerusalem Athens synthesis, and giving Christians a chance to read the Bible and encounter the message of Jesus afresh (see Harnack 1961 for an account of the disastrous side-effects of the Greek philosophical infection and Harnack 1957 for his refreshing but obviously time- and culture-bound view of the Christian message once it is freed from the metaphysical influence of Athens). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Second, as noted above, there are philosophical theologians who seek to preserve the Jerusalem\endash Athens synthesis despite the strain it has been }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Note that all models of ultimate reality face the problem of suffering, which is to be clearly distinguished from the problem of theodicy. Non-theistic models perpetually battle with theistic models over whether having gods makes the problem of suffering more or less acute, and that is a point of significant interest in any reverent com parative competition between ultimacy models. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {What should we expect the world to be like, if ultimate reality really were an omnibenevolent agential being? In such a world, we expect God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s love to be parental in character, and for God to be a better parent thanweare.Thus,weexpectsuchaGodtointervenetoprotectignorant or willful children from the dangerous side-effects of their actions, just as we human parents do. We expect unambiguous instruction and advice, and two-way communication, just as we carry out these vital activities with our ownchildren. Wewouldexpectaparentalexampleto emulate. But what we find is divine silence and inactivity more often than seems comprehensible and justifiable. Where we would step in to save a child from the crippling effects of an ill-advised move in the playground, this God lets the spine crack. Where we would talk Hitler out of his plans or make sure he gets sick at a crucial moment of his political career, this God lets the Holocaust unfurl in black swirls of smoking bodies. Where we would send clear messages about ou parental expectations, this God produces a communication record that does not rise above the ambiguous, with devastating disputes and miserable social side-effects. The world just isn\u8217\'92t as we would expect it to be, if ultimate reality really were an omnibenevolent agential being. This is what I have elsewhere called the Argument from Divine Neglect, intending to capture an argument with a rich heritage in Western philosophical theology (see Wildman 2007). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Subordinate-deity (U3-C2) models can say that God is always trying the divine hardest but is incapable of forcing the world to behave in any particular way. Ground-of-being (U2-C2) models can say that the expectation of humanly relevant goodness is one more instance of anthropomorphic reasoning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a misunderstanding from which we should strive to free ourselves in order to escape the crippling effects of disappointment and to lay full-blooded claim to the human birth right of world transformation that allows us to minimize suffering ourselves. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 But agential-being (U1-C1) models of ultimate reality cannot reject omnipotence, as subordinate-deity (U3-C2) ultimacy models can; and they cannot dispense with humanly relevant omnibenevo lence, as ground-of-being (U2-C2) ultimacy models can. So they have to reframe disappointment by sustaining local plausibility structures against ordinary expectations\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 plausibility structures that take the form of community-borne, liturgically ramified, easily communicated narratives. These reframing narratives are supposed to mitigate cogni tive dissonance, naturally, but they require the right kind of community setting in order to work properly. What are those narratives? They are exactly what we would expect. God\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s wisdom allows God to perceive goodness where we see only needless suffering, and we just have to trust that. God uses suffering to test us in this world, and we just have to live with that. God makes a large-scale self-restraining decision not to intervene in order to encour age human maturity and responsibility, and we just have to rise to the challenge. God creates a samsaric system that leverages suffering and perfectly balances all moral considerations, and we just have to work our way through the system until we can escape.God feels our suffering and so suffers with us, and we just have to take comfort in that. God will make everything right in the end, and we just have to be patient. There are many variants and combinations. Each narrative is obviously pro foundly vulnerable, conceptually, and yet when properly embedded in the right sorts of community structures and communicative processes, each one really works. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This way of seeing the enclosing reality for human life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 highly anthropo morphic in all three dimensions, Intentionality Attribution, Narrative Comprehensibility, and Rational Practicality\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was ideal for small-scale cultures. There was noparticular incentive for thinking aboutreality as a whole, for modeling ultimate reality, or for seeking a high degree of precision in the narrative handling of concepts. So there was no reason to contest basic cognitive-emotional modes of operation conferred on our species in the evolutionary process. }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 \hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 }
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 SUBORDINATE DEITY MODELS}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {The framing issue to be taken up at the beginning of this chapter is the status of the problem of the One and the Many in metaphysical theories of ultimate reality. In particular, I shall ask whether marginal izing this problem as a criterion for metaphysical adequacy, as subordinate-deity (U3-C2) models of ultimate reality tend to do, can ever be an intellectually satisfying approach to interpreting life and the world in which we live. \line }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The way[Dao] begets one; one begets two; two begets three; three begets the myriad creatures. The myriad creatures carry on their backs the yin and embrace in their arms the yang and are the blending of the generative forces of the two\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This contrast draws attention to a difference in scope of the problem of the One and Many. In greatest generality, it refers to the problem of explaining how things differ while still being related to one another. Interpreted as such, it is a prominent feature of all philosophical cul tures, including East Asia, South Asia, and the West, and significantly older than the Axial Age. It is present in the oldest of the Chinese Classics, including the Book of Changes (Y\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u236\'ECj\u299\'69ng or I Ching or \u26131\'3F\u32147\'3F or \u26131\'3F\u32463\'3F ), even where there is no specific interest in a metaphysical articu lation of a One that lies behind the Many. Likewise, it is pervasive in the Vedas, before the Upanis\u803\'3Fadic emphasis on unity; in the older parts of the Hebrew Bible, before the exilic and post-exilic emphasis on a uni versal creator deity; and in the pre-Socratic Milesian philosopher physicists\u8217\'92 fascination with plurality and relation. In its Axial-Age form, the version of the problem of the One and Many takes on a specific cast: identifying and articulating a One behind and for the Many. Explaining the relation between this One and the Many in those terms becomes the central challenge. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 In Aristotle (384\endash 322 BCE), by contrast, we appear to have a much less personal subordinate-deity model. Aristotle\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s God is a deity organically integrated into all of natural reality, reflexively supplying purposes to everything that is, and itself being the final cause of the vast teleo logical organism that is Aristotle\u8217\'92s never-beginning and never-ending universe. Rather than being a creator, Aristotle\u8217\'92s God is an everlasting unmoved mover, a being with pure actuality and no unrealized poten tial. This sounds like a ground-of-being (U2-C2) view, at first, and indeed there is enough vagueness in some formulations that it can be interpreted that way. But Aristotle\u8217\'92s God plays a special role in the vast teleological organism of reality, knitting together all purposes into an intelligible and beautiful process of unfolding development. God and the world constitute an eternal dynamic process within which God performs a special integrating and harmonizing function. So Aristotle\u8217\'92s God can also be interpreted as a U3-C2 subordinate deity within a wider reality, a being with a special role. Occasionally Aristotle hints at a more personal God, as when he speaks of God\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93active intellect\u8221\'94 and thereby suggests focal awareness and intentional action; there is something for almost everyone in Aristotle. But the personal-agent theme is an uncommon exception to the pervasive theme of God as the reflexively operating principle of teleological harmony in the eternal cosmos.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {As Christian process theologians like to argue, therefore, subordinate deity (U3-C2) ultimacy models have a stronger claim than agential being (U1-C1) ultimacy models to the honor of being the dominant original views within Judaism and Christianity and elsewhere in human sacred scriptures. But subordinate-deity models (U3-C2) were unable to supply a philosophically satisfying answer to the metaphysical question of the One and the Many. In relation to subordinate deities it always makes sense to ask what was there before or alongside God, causing or conditioning God. Treating God as the ultimate reality makes the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93where did God come from?\u8221\'94 question unintelligible, so long as divine aseity is invoked, thereby happily blocking the infinite regress of origins questions (\u8220\'93turtles all the way down\u8221\'94). That infinite regress is unsatisfy ing as an account of the One in and through and under the Many, so blocking the regress by appealing to aseity is intellectually desirable. Subordinate-deity models could not block the vicious regress and I suspect that is why they eventually ceded their dominance to agential-being theories of ultimate reality, first within Christian thought and eventually within Jewish and Muslim thought also. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {It was only through what I described in Chapter 3 as the partial disintegration of the Grand Synthesis in the modern West that subordinate-deity models of ultimate reality were able to enjoy a second life in recent centuries. This occurred through post-Reformation Protestant Christian piety and spirituality, with its devotion to reading and conforming faith to the Bible\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s portrayal of God. Eventually it flowered into powerful theological systems, including what we see in process theology. Here we need to consider the spectacular collision between subordinate-deity models of ultimate reality and Neoplatonism, and the central figure is Augustine (354\endash 430 CE). The philosophical questions of \u8220\'93why is there something rather than nothing?\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93why is what is the way it is?\u8221\'94 are genuinely odd. While they are the leading questions of ontology and metaphysics for some\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 veritable obsessions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 others deconstruct them as mere pseudo questions, signs of human reason yielding to a persistent but futile impulse to strive for unity and universality in theories, tripping over its aspirations in the process (for example, see Kant 1933, who in this respect anticipates almost every post-structuralist thinker and most post-modern deconstructionist thinkers). For many practically minded religious people, moreover, these questions do not arise at all because they seem to be religiously irrelevant. For them, all religiously relevant questions can be asked and answered without addressing ultimate real ity at all\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 God is what matters, at least for the theists among them. The subordinate-deity ultimacy models of the Bible are religiously practical in just this way, and could never be accused of reflecting an obsession with ultimate reality. In fact, as already noted, beyond situating God in an ultimate context, they have almost nothing to say about the precise nature of this ultimate reality, and barely count as conveying philo sophically determinate models of ultimate reality at all. God-talk in the Bible is, above all, practical. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In the highly pluralistic cultural contexts of ancient Christianity, it turned out that theorizing about ultimate reality was not merely a philosophical obsession, though it certainly was that for some. When competitor groups such as Stoics offered philosophically nuanced (often U2-C2) accounts of the whole of reality, it was important for Christian ity to do likewise, and in such a way that what was compelling in the accounts of others could be richly registered within the Christian out look. Ultimacy talk at that time and place joined natural philosophical curiosity with essentially evangelistic and apologetic motivations, all for the sake of advancing the self-understanding and effectiveness of a fledgling religious institution that in a few short centuries would over come all of its regional competitors. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {While God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92spower over the chaotic potential of the unformed matter-stuff was never in question\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not in the Genesis account and not in Philo\u8217\'92s interpret ation of creation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Christian theologians sought to render everything absolutely dependent on God the creator. Thus, God could not create by forming chaotic potential of unformed matter-stuff; God had to create from nothing. While several Christian theologians explored the idea of creation from nothing, including Theophilus of Antioch (second century CE), it was Augustine who crystallized the doctrine. He noticed that, to make everything fully dependent on God, it was necessary for time itself to be a creature. Just as there could be no chaotic potential in pre-existing matter-stuff, so there could be no spatio-temporal container for God\u8217\'92s act of creation. God had to create everything, not in a place or at a time, but with space and time, all together. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In both Plotinus and Augustine we see the birth of the long-gestating idea that God is not merely the religiously relevant component of ultimate reality, but identical with ultimate reality. They achieved this intellectual feat in quite different ways. Plotinus pictured creation as emanatio a deo (emanation from God), with everything, including tem porality and spatiality, arising as reality flows outwards from the One. The key to getting the process started for Plotinus was the One\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92seternally emergent self-contemplation, which is the primordial function of the eternal Logos. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Subordinate deity views were not able to supply a convincing answer to the post Axial version of the problem of the One and the Many, and in context this challenge possessed both philosophical importance and practical political and institutional salience. Subordinate-deity ultimacy models may have been the primordial viewpoints in Judaism and Christianity, and they were and remain prominent within popular piety, in all theis tic religious contexts. But they could not compete metaphysically in an era when it was important that a personal God be the ultimate reality and that everything be rendered ontologically dependent on that one creator God. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Charles Hartshorne thematized process thought\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s escape from the incoherencies of traditional theology in his provocatively titled Omnipotence and Other Theological Mistakes (see Hartshorne 1984), but the motivation for the departure was as much social and political as it was philosophical and theological. Second, the contextual factors that gave birth to the Grand Synthesis no longer applied\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in particular, the need and even the desire to establish the ontological supremacy of the Christian God and institutional supremacy of the Christian movement was no longer felt sharply, at least among a sizable number of philosophical theologians. Third, contemporary West ern philosophy and theology was less interested then than at any time during the prior 1,700 years in a philosophically persuasive answer to the post-Axial version of the problem of the One and the Many, which is a prize that no version of process theology can claim. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {It is this third reason to which I want to draw particularattention. Can we really simply dispense with the thesis\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 held in common by agential being (U1-C1) and ground-of-being (U2) ultimacy models\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that God is ultimate reality? Can we really revert to the pre-Axial version of the problem of the One and the Many? To put the point in Whiteheadian terms, is it really enough tosay that the manybecomeoneoverandover again at each new moment of the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s process? To put the point in Hartshorne\u8217\'92s terms, can we really surrender the idea of divine omnipo tence? To put the point in terms of the concerns of traditional theism, can we really exchange the vital idea of God as creator ex nihilo for the ontologically more modest conception of God as valuational lure and axiological integrator of reality? It seems clear that many contemporary religious people and professional theologians have no problem doing exactly this. Whence this decline in the attractiveness of the philosoph ical criterion of the One and the Many in its post-Axial version? }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This repulsiveness is the after-effect of beholding what Western cul tural hegemony did to other cultural forms in the pursuit of its own interests, rationalized by a super-theory-of-everything that explained every intricate social and personal reality before it was ever encountered, before there was an empirically responsible struggle for understanding. Pretending to be all-knowing in advance of encountering the Other, to the point of coercing the Other to fit preconceptions of it, is a moral abomination. People sensitive to this disaster might be forgiven for embracing whatever it takes to overcome this awe-inspiring arrogance, this violent cultural blindness. And a good place to drive home the spike is in the very heart of the cultural delusion: the very idea that anyone knows what ultimate reality is. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In addition to naturalistically rendered complementary divine-principles and eternally-opposed-opposites ultimacy models, the class of subordinate-deity (U3-C2) models of ultimate reality includes two varieties of process theology: a more reflexive, imper sonal type (deriving from Whitehead) and a more adaptable, per sonal type (deriving from Hartshorne). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {One cluster of ancient and philosophically impressive subordinate deity ultimacy models is the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93complementary principles\u8221\'94 theory of West-Asian Manichaeism and Persian Zoroastrianism. The Western ver sion of this view has roots in the pre-Socratic philosopher-physicists of Milesia and it has interesting affinities with the yin\endash yang cosmology of ancient Chinese thought, though some of these views posit fundamen tal metaphysical principles instead of subordinate deities and so prop erly belong in the ground-of-being (U2) class of ultimacy models. Let\u8217\'92s pause for a moment to describe the ground-of-being (U2) versions of the complementary-principles view for parsing purposes before returning to the subordinate-deity (U3-C2) complementary-divine principles versions, which are the focus of this chapter. }{\f0\fs24\b1 The complementary-principles (U2) group of ultimacy models, with no divine agents in the picture, has fascinating contemporary reson ances in speculative metaphysical theories inspired by the sciences. Jacques Monod\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s account of the interplay of chance and necessity, regarded as equally primordial and powerful cosmological forces (Monod 1971), is a ground-of-being (U2) complementary-principles model of ultimate reality. Whitehead\u8217\'92s cosmological vision of upward surging novelty entangled with downward spiraling stasis in The Function of Reason (Whitehead 1929) is another instance of the same type, despite Whitehead\u8217\'92s better-known subordinate-deity (U3-C2) ultimacy model (Whitehead 1978). In all cases, the ground-of-being (U2) complementary-principles theories of ultimate reality centrally involve the dynamics of entangled opposites: they posit a creative symbi osis of chaotic and ordering principles, co-primal forces interacting creatively to yield the value-laden world we inhabit. Complexity as described in fundamental physics and biology arises in the interaction of patterned order and disorderly chaos (note, this is chaotic random ness, not the confusingly named, highly ordered \u8220\'93chaos\u8221\'94 of complex dynamical systems in mathematics). }{Evolution can be thought of as a random walk through a possibility space whose structured dynamics are extremely orderly given organism capacities and environmental affor dances. Natural selection helps to define the probability distributions that govern the random walk, and shifts in organism capacities and environmental affordances can transition an individual ecological niche or perhaps an entire ecosystem into a new stable regime of }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The fact that process theology is a divided river, with each stream nurturing quite different conceptions of the single Highest-Being deity that is subordinate to a relatively under-theorized ultimate reality, is directly related to the concern we are tracing with anthropomorphism. Whitehead\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stream conceives God as a relatively more organically reflexive and non-personal fundamental component of reality\u8217\'92s process, and thus presses hard against anthropomorphic tendencies in the human religious imagination. Hartshorne\u8217\'92s stream explicitly theorizes God\u8217\'92s personal character and convincingly articulates resonances with biblical portraits of a personal deity, and thus gives relatively free rein to our species\u8217\'92 proclivity for anthropomorphically shaped cosmological narratives. Meanwhile, both streams of the process-theology river reject the centrality of the philosophical criterion of the post-Axial version of the problem of One and Many, and thereby pose a direct challenge to both agential-being (U1-C1) and ground-of-being (U2) ultimacy models. }
\par\plain {How did this river divide? Whitehead was a mathematician philosopher-physicist informed about, but possessing no special loyalty to, biblical portrayals of divinity. The problems to which he was most acutely sensitive were metaphysical in character\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which is to say, he sensed practical everyday problems in metaphysical terms.}{\f0\fs24\b1  To solve such problems, he trusted empirically responsible speculative reasoning more than the pretensions to authoritative metaphysical knowledge that pervade living religions, particularly in their eager def erence to the narratives about religious realities historically enshrined in sacred texts.}{ Above all, in the last half of his career, Whitehead was preoccupied with the intellectual challenge of furnishing a coherent }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Like William James, Whitehead instinctively diagnosed the impossi bility of giving an emergent account of the first-person qualities of conscious self-awareness and morally relevant freedom on the basis of a purely mechanistic and materialistic account of the fundamental components of nature. This explanatory conundrum could be traced to the billiard-ball-hitting model of causation, which depended on the notion of ontologically isolable substances. Once that foundation was laid down, a more organismic way of interacting became deeply mys terious. So it was at the level of the constituents of reality that White head targeted his revisionary ontology. In place of blind substances whose causal interactions are like hitting, Whitehead proposed funda mental moments of process that are sensitive to their surroundings and creatively synthesize the various influences they sense into an actuality that other moments of process can sense in turn. The upshot of this process of feeling and creative actualization is the space-time manifold and all of the environments and organisms of our everyday experience, including ourselves and the human cultural worlds we forge. He aptly called this a philosophy of organism, conjuring the fluidity and respon siveness of organism-environment interaction. Most of Process and Reality is taken up with explaining how the larger objects and processes of our experience could emerge from this account of the components of reality, the very challenge that he believed (correctly, I think) purely mechanistic and materialistic accounts could never meet. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u167\'A720. The great strength of subordinate-deity models of ultimate reality is their moral intelligibility and practical efficacy. They are the most natural accompaniments to the prophet\u8217\'92s cry of injustice and the activist\u8217\'92s determination to improve life. Where agential being (U1-C1) models are trapped in an inescapable theodicy prob lem, with God held to be morally good yet the creative ground of a reality that is sometimes undeniably brutal or indifferent; and where ground-of-being (U2-C2) models are forced to defer to such ness, accepting that God is the ground of whatever passes for both good and evil; subordinate-deity (U3-C2) ultimacy models are immediately applicable to the moral struggles of ordinary people, with no theodicy perplexities and no moral ambiguity. The chal lenge of interpreting the good, including balancing competing goods, remains. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Agential-being models of ultimate reality are the perpetual optimists, persisting in trust when all reasons for trust have long since evapor ated. They are full of abundant hope that everything is right despite appearances, and that one day this rightness of everything will be manifest for all to see, vindicating their trusting optimism. The ground of this optimism is the good heart of the Highest Being that creates all, rules all, and consummates all. The spiritual calling is to live in rela tionship with this blessed being, with whatever degree of trust turns out to be required. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Ground-of-being models of ultimate reality are the piestistic realists, refusing the comforts of person-shaped ultimate realities and agential beings who care about the world and act within it to realize their providential purposes. Suchness is the rule here: the world just is an ambiguous and morally perilous blend of pleasure and pain, which we blithely or desperately inscribe onto the ambiguous cosmos as the play of good and evil. In this case the spiritual calling is surrender to suchness with no deflections, to worship what is\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 no flirting with delusion. }
\par\plain {Subordinate-deity models of ultimate reality are the activists, turning their efforts to making the most of what is for the sake of the good that is the most beautiful part of reality. They forsake everything distracting from this goal, including speculation about ultimate reality, whether in the form of delusory attributions of person-like focal awareness and agency to ultimate reality or in the form of morally useless pieties of deference to suchness. }{\f0\fs24\b1 God is about making the most of what is, constantly improving life to make it as joyous and just as possible.}{ The moral credentials of process-theism ultimacy models are unimpeach able. Those credentials were earned by refusing the temptation of specu lating about ultimate reality, which can only complicate and confound a moral quest for joy and justice. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {One of the reasons Whitehead created process metaphysics is that he was seeking solutions to a series of philosophical problems that appeared to be intractable within several opposed metaphysical sys tems: metaphysical dualism, materialistic monism, and idealistic mon ism. These problems included the freedom of human agency, the so called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hard problem\u8221\'94ofconsciousness, andthesurprisingusefulness of mathematics for modeling physicalregularities. Let us focusfor nowjust on the second of these problems. Explaining the first-person experience of conscious awareness is infamously difficult within metaphysicaldual ismdue to the impossibility of saying how the posited material andnon material substances of the dualist world interact. In the framework of materialistic monism, where all fundamental substances are material in nature, the emergence of first-person conscious awareness has proved impossible to interpret, to the point that some philosophers have ser iously proposed eliminative materialism, which solves the problem by removing self-consciousness from the ontological inventory of items whose reality needs to be taken seriously (see Churchland 1986, Churchland 1989). In the framework of idealistic monism, where all fundamental substances are non-material in nature, it is inconceivable how fundamental consciousness could yield material reality, including particularly the intricacies of the brain. Regardless of which of the three metaphysical frameworks isadopted,thehardproblemofconsciousness seems intractable, and no amount of advancing scientific knowledge seems relevant to solving the problem. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Whitehead traced this impasse to a defective theory of causation, deriving from one-sided interpretations of the fundamental constitu ents of reality. His proposal was to reconceive the fundamental constitu ents of reality in dipolar fashion, so that material and conceptual aspects of reality would be ontologically co-primordial. Subsequently, his the ory of causation integrated the material and conceptual aspects of those dipolar fundamental constituents. This is a view of reality and of causal processes that frames monopolar monisms as one-sided abstractions from dipolar reality, while avoiding the interaction problem of meta physical dualism. Like William James before him, Whitehead was convinced that only a dipolar account of the fundamental constituents of reality offered any chance of solving the difficult problems related to freedom and consciousness. Of course, speculative metaphysics by itself does not solve such problems. But it can put in place the resources necessary for solving them, just as it can suggest that competitive view points lack the necessary resources. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Whitehead\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s metaphysics is sometimes called panpsychism because of his portrayal of fundamental moments of process as \u8220\'93sensing\u8221\'94 their environment and \u8220\'93deciding\u8221\'94 how to actualize themselves. That name is fine, as far as it goes, but it also tends to obscure the underlying dipolar account of the fundamental constituents of reality. The conceptual and material aspects of fundamental occasions are both active in every process of concrescence, and there can be nothing that is purely con ceptual or purely material in total isolation from its accompanying pole. It follows that there are axiological (valuational and conceptual) aspects to every physical process and every physical object, that there are phys ical aspects to every concept or value, and that causation weaves together both axiological and physical aspects of reality. Whitehead tried to employ his conceptual toolbox to explain how consciousness and freedom arise in complex societies of actual occasions. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Process philosophy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s explanation for the mathematizability of natural regularities depends on more than a dipolar conception of the funda mental constituents of reality. To recall, Whitehead proposed that God\u8217\'92s initial aim conveys an axiological vision of possibilities and is sensed by every actual occasion. This causal mechanism is the way Whitehead explained both observed regularities in nature and the mathematizabil ity of those natural regularities (see section 4.2). The amazement that so captivated Whitehead is very common within the community of math ematical physicists. Many of them resort to a kind of inarticulate theory of Platonic forms to explain the correspondence between mathematical models and natural reality. Whitehead\u8217\'92s theory of causation is a more detailed explanation with the samepurpose: the divinelure asconveyed to every actual occasion is the reason for the regularities we observe.This subordinate deity produces the right amount of spectacularly intelli gible order in reality despite the fact that God is not an omnipotent creator, and it is all done through divine persuasion followed by the establishment of \u8220\'93social\u8221\'94 habits (patterns within societies of actual occasions that influence future actual occasions). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The major weakness of ultimacy models in the subordinate deity class is their pre-emptive dismissal of the philosophical pros pects of making conceptual sense of ultimate reality, and the flimsy rationalizations associated with such dismissals. The rejection of omnipotent transcendence raises questions about divine power to resist evil and the ground of religious hope. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Certain representatives of this subordinate-deity (U3-C2) class, including both streams of process metaphysics, must confront tech nical problems deriving from the fact that they permit concrete traction with fundamental physics and biology in a way that nei ther the agential-being (U1-C1) nor the ground-of-being (U2) classes of ultimacy models do. They are also in tension with the Central Result of the scientific study of religion to about the same degree as agential-being (U1-C1) ultimacy models, though in a different way due to the contrast in how anthropomorphism is simultaneously resisted and embraced. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Moreover, both streams of process metaphysics struggle mightily to make sense of the emergence of mathematizable regularities in the early universe. Such regularities should be divinely inspired habits, as the divine lure is prehended by occasions in the earliest moments of the universe.But every physical model of the early universe presupposes that the mathe matizable regularities we call fundamental laws of nature arepresent from the beginning and do not emerge in the process of the unfurling BigBang. They do not assume this for nothing: the earliest parts of the universe would be unintelligible if they were not subject to natural laws. There is not enough time for process-style habits to become established regularities before law-like regularities need to be presumed in the physics of theearly universe. It is a major problem for process metaphysics. Similarly, both streams of process metaphysics run aground on multi verse scenarios, which are already implied in the empirically robust inflationary models of big-bang cosmology, even without recourse to the famous but empirically tenuous and highly speculative varieties of quantum cosmology (see Vilenkin 2006). If the process deity exists independently of our specific universe, then communication between universes must be possible in a way that is utterly ruled out in the physics. If the process deity is specific to our universe, then we have an infinite universe of deities with no relationship to one another. Either way, process metaphysics struggles. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {____________}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Ground of being models}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The greatest weakness of naturalistic ground-of-being (U2-C2) models of ultimate reality is their lack of social and psychological potency. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {If anti-supernaturalist ground-of-being (U2-C2) ultimacy models are ever to become popular, it could only be when most human beings desire to contest those genetically ingrained anthropomorphic tenden cies, which necessarily involves developing institutions to enshrine educational processes that cultivate awareness of, and the capacity to resist (or knowingly to employ) anthropomorphic cognitive structures. Evidently, we are not there yet, and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not sure that getting there would constitute \u8220\'93species progress\u8221\'94 in any meaningful sense of that phrase. But it is not unthinkable that we might one day find ourselves in that place as aspecies, for better or worse, whereuponpresumably it is personal theism (U1-C1 and U3-C2 ultimacy models) and supernatural ism (all C1 models, including U2-C1 perennial-philosophy variants) that would be on the back foot, with anti-supernaturalist ground-of being (U2-C2) ultimacy models in the ascendancy. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In his robustly argumentative response to the New Atheists, John Haught speaks about the psychosocial requirements that must be met by any theory of ultimate reality in the following way. Theistic faith cannot make the idea of a personal God optional. Ultimately reality, the deepest dimension of being, cannot be less than personal... Experiencing ultimate reality only as an impersonal \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8221\'94 rather than also as a personal \u8220\'93Thou\u8221\'94 would leave the believer in God psychically, socially, and religiously unsatisfied. In one sense God is the ultimate in Being, Meaning, Goodness, and Beauty, but unless these impersonal absolutes are animated by the pulse of personality, they cannot attract personal beings at the deepest levels of our existence. (Haught 2007: 85 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Philosopher Robert McCauley helpfully distinguishes between the unnaturalness of human activities such as science or philosophy, where people learn to do difficult tasks that remain difficult; the practiced naturalness of acquired skills such as skiing or driving, which become easy after a great deal of effort and training; and the naturalness of developmentally spontaneous abilities such as speaking and understanding a language, which arise as we mature without any special effort beyond ordinary human interaction (see McCauley 2011). Based on his analysis of decades of research in the scientific study of religion, McCauley argues that religious beliefs, behaviors, and experiences belong to the maturationally natural cat egory: they come easily to us as we mature, without any special effort or training. McCauley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s distinctions are useful for generating a rich analysis of religion. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {From this analysis, it follows that we know quite a bit about what works, existentially and socially, for people by way of models of ultim ate reality. We also know quite a lot about why ultimacy models work when they do. We knowthat criteria for existential and social efficacy cannot be timeless because they depend on socio-economic circum stances. We know that, at a given time and place, efficacy depends on striking a balance between the cognitive-emotional ease and comfort of maturationally natural anthropomorphism, on the one hand, and the unnaturalness and practiced naturalness of cognitively and emo tionally expensive but socially necessary and existentially desirable undertakings, on the other hand. We even know enough to acknow ledge limited value in the distorted criterion for the existential and social adequacy of models of ultimate reality with which we began this discussion. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Existential and social efficacy depend not only on cultural context and historical era but also on individual differences. Research on non religious people, including atheists, has surfaced notable patterns (see Caldwell-Harris 2012, Johnson 2012). For example, such people tend to be high in the systematizing cognitive trait (they care intensely about conceptual coherence, logical consistency, and empirical adequacy), low in the other-minds cognitive trait (they struggle to discern and internally model what other people are thinking or feeling), high in the openness personality trait (they appreciate new experiences and are often skeptical of established traditions), and predominantly male (there is a far larger sex difference in this category of people than in most categories of religious membership or participation). These reflect averages so there are many exceptions and a lot of individual variation. Nevertheless, the probabilities are that this kind of person is going to steer away from anthropomorphically fashioned agential-being (U1-C1) models of ultimate reality. Moreover, when social circum stances permit, such people are unlikely to participate in religious com munities or adopt spiritual practices that presume anthropomorphic supernatural agents. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Naturalistic ground-of-being models of ultimate reality have several notable strengths, including especially a powerful interpret ation of religious diversity and compelling consistency with thebio cultural study of religion. }{\f0\fs24\b1 These ultimacy models suggest a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93many paths down a mountain\u8221\'94 account of religious diversity, where the mountain is the evolutionarily stabilized biological and cognitive}{ }{\f0\fs24\b1 givenness of the human condition and the paths moving away from one another through the surrounding landscape are the culturally diverse religious expressions.}{ This is in sharp contrast to both the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93many paths up a mountain\u8221\'94 account of the perennial philosophy and the inevitable parochialism of accounts that prefer one religion or one type of religion over others. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Naturalistic ground-of-being models of ultimate reality are relatively unpopular. They have always been so and they remain so now, though they become more and less widespread under specifiable socio-economic and cultural conditions. The reasons for this unpopularity are especially the cognitive effort required to embrace thorough going anti-anthropomorphism, which is a prominent feature of these views; and their failure to associate God with the Good, and thus to meet the Axial-Age standard that an interpretation of ultimate reality should supply a metaphysical foundation for morals. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Speaking of ultimate reality is a bizarre human activity. Almost every thing human beings do makes more immediate sense. Most philosophical theologians are captivated by ultimacy talk, however, and choose it even while understanding its final futility. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {They refuse the novel for the sake of ancient insight. They turn from conventional thinking in the name of loyalty to truth as hard as diamonds. Good philosophical theologians never forget the perilous character of their journey, stretch ing between betraying the sacred by saying too much and abandoning their duty by surrendering to the beckoning silence. Theirs is a wax winged thrusting of the soul heavenwards to the sun.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {After she died, the church was never the same. God had said no to their pleas, they told eachother, because Godwantedhercompany.Theyhad prayed and God had answered. Nobody understood the answer, to be sure, but they all still went to church to worship the God who said no. Beneath that line of reasoning ran a more compelling conviction, as private as it was universal: they had been fools\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fools to put their trust in their local gurus, or fools to pretend at being one. No amount of compassion for motherless children and grieving widowers and no special techniques for marshaling healing power could modify God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s implacable will. God\u8217\'92s plan, God\u8217\'92s vision of how events knit together in the tapestry of life, looms over our own meager wisdom. Ever so subtly, spiritual expectations changed. Petitions to God for help in time of need became more modest as the faithful Christians of the community sought to accommodate their newfound confidence in the moral impenetrability and emotional incongruity of God\u8217\'92s providence God did not act like a loving Father or Mother, especially and defini tively in this instance. To preserve the belief that God still was a loving Parent, they had to believe that God\u8217\'92s ways were far above their own, inaccessible to human reason. To protect their belief in a good and beautiful God, they had to learn how to regard this tragedy, and every tragedy, not with repugnance, but as morally incomprehensible for now, with deep insight awaiting them in the life to come. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain { }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}