{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Intelligent design propentisists love the word complexity. They believe that it is a hallmark of design, and thus, evidence for a designer. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve always thought this position to be a bit odd, because in my experience, simplicity and elegance are the hallmarks of good design, not complexity. Complexity is usually (not always) a sign that the designer in question was figuring things out as they went along.  Early iterations of a product may be extremely complex, while later iterations simplify, condense, and eliminate waste. An example I\u8217\'92d point to is the development of the SpaceX [Raptor engine](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/media?url=https%3A%2F%2Fpreview.redd.it%2Fuljsgjiee2vd1.png%3Fwidth%3D2048%26format%3Dpjpg%26auto%3Dwebp%26s%3Da1b766d5c2a27094eb0250f8b20e1ebbb98f1f9c"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.reddit.com/media?url=https%3A%2F%2Fpreview.redd.it%2Fuljsgjiee2vd1.png%3Fwidth%3D2048%26format%3Dpjpg%26auto%3Dwebp%26s%3Da1b766d5c2a27094eb0250f8b20e1ebbb98f1f9c}}{). But this preference for simplicity over complexity can be found in just about every field of human activity, from graphic design, right on down theoretical physics. The basic principle here is that, whenever a simpler solution results in the same (or better) effect as a complex solution, the simpler solution is preferred.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Consider the following two simplified patterns found in DNA. A, and B are regulatory regions. All coding regions are identical:}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {(1) A\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 B\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {(2) A\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 B\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Both patterns have the same effect: When region A is active, the coding region is active, and when region B is active, the coding region is active. (2) is more complex than the simpler (1). Interestingly, through a process called subfunctionalization, we can arrive at (2) from (1) entirely through degenerative mutations\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no beneficial mutations required.\line \line Step 1: Origin}
\par\plain {\tab A\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 B\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Step 2: Duplicate}
\par\plain {\tab A\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 B\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region}
\par\plain {\tab A\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 B\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Step 3: Degenerate (debilitating mutation on regulatory gene)}
\par\plain {\tab A\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 X\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region}
\par\plain {\tab A\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 B\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Step 4: Complementary Degeneration (complementary debilitating mutation)}
\par\plain {\tab A\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 X\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region}
\par\plain {\tab X\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 B\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Step 5: Delete Junk}
\par\plain {\tab A\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region}
\par\plain {\tab B\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Coding Region\line \line The crux of the matter is step two: duplicate. The reduncancy of duplication incurs a fitness cost for no immediate gain. Because of this, no one expected that duplicate genes would stay around long enough within a population to contribute much in the way of complexity as the duplications would be purged by natural selection. This turns out to be true, but only in large populations as you might see in prokaryotic life. For smaller populations, selection will be less effective because the randomizing potential of genetic drift is sufficiently strong. In other words, random chance events which have no real bearing on fitness (e.g. a random cow in a field cows getting struck by lightning) have a strong effect on allele frequency, overriding the effect of selection. It has been shown that these gene duplications can have a small enough effect on fitness that realistically small population sizes can allow these mutations to persist and contribute to the increasing complexity of the genome, and thus, the organism. This interplay between drift and selection is referred to as the [drift-barrier hypothesis](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.pnas.org/doi/10.1073/pnas.1216223109"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.pnas.org/doi/10.1073/pnas.1216223109}}{). There is decent (supporting)[}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://elifesciences.org/reviewed-preprints/93629"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://elifesciences.org/reviewed-preprints/93629}}{] evidence.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://elifesciences.org/articles/54898"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://elifesciences.org/articles/54898}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 This argument was developed by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://elifesciences.org/reviewed-preprints/93629#c61"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Xiong\~{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 et al}{\f0\fs24\b0 . (2017)}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to account for the fact that transcription error rates had been found to be about 10 times higher in bacteria than in eukaryotes (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://elifesciences.org/reviewed-preprints/93629#c54"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Traverse and Ochman, 2016}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://elifesciences.org/reviewed-preprints/93629#c16"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Gout\~{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 et al}{\f0\fs24\b0 ., 2013}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ). More recent work indicates that bacterial transcription error rates had been largely overestimated, presumably owing to RNA damages during the preparation of sequencing libraries (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://elifesciences.org/reviewed-preprints/93629#c31"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Li and Lynch, 2020}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ).\~}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 complexity of organisms (assayed by the number of distinct cell types}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }