{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri heard the click of an iron striker against flint, and a moment later, a flame sputtered to life above his head. Suspended from the ceiling was a clay oil lamp, and as Seb moved away, its}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He began to strategize a route to She tied up the , then asked, with a look of genuine concern for the foolish, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did you jump into a lizard pit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I never jumped into that pit,\u8221\'94 Mandri said defensively. \u8220\'93Moto threw me in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not what Moto told me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, he lied.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He also told me you killed yourself and that\u8217\'92s why we found you dead in the Junei hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I never told him how I died. He was lying to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many people struggle against attempts to define who they are, but for artists, artists in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vein, wriggling out people\u8217\'92s expectations is something of a state of nature. People couldn\u8217\'92t tell him who he was or what he was good at. He\u8217\'92d only listen to himself, and what he\u8217\'92d say, just as he said now while sitting there on the sand, is this: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you think you are, Mandri, you\u8217\'92re not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And for any artist who takes themselves seriously, that belief is almost a practical necessity, especially for someone chasing skill. Mandri knew that if he ever started to think that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d become a master of the craft, he\u8217\'92d be finished. He\u8217\'92d stop growing. He\u8217\'92d stop getting better. True mastery, in principle, is impossible to achieve, for mastery implies that everything is known, everything is considered, and the objectively decision has been found. Absurd. There is always something unknown. The truth, as Mandri saw it, was that every artist, every person, is a blur of both mastery and ignorance; some more of one, some more of the other, and the frustrating thing about that blur is that it moves. And that is what a human being is, a blur of movement. Mandri\u8217\'92s portraits could never do it justice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Even the most crude pseudospark has an innate desire to connect with another Spark. Robbed of emotion, those early Mazydai were robbed of the means of forming that connection. They must have felt some sense of absence, loneliness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they must\u8217\'92ve felt broken.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s theory didn\u8217\'92t make much sense to Mandri. He couldn\u8217\'92t understand how feeling broken or lonely could mean anything if you couldn\u8217\'92t also feel sad. A rock doesn\u8217\'92t mind being shattered. A bob-eyed lizard doesn\u8217\'92t mind getting lost, in fact they seem to prefer it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Manipulation carries a negative connotation when it shouldn\u8217\'92t. All communication is manipulation, and so all peace-making is by nature a form of\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face went blank. Mandri took to be how a Mazyd must look when they\u8217\'92re trying to understand something incomprehensible. Obo finally said, \u8220\'93Are you implying that the experience of \u8216\'91kindness\u8217\'92 is restricted to creatures of like kind?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s in the word, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo blinked in confusion, then his thin lips spread into a wry smile. Mandri felt compelled to explain himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t ever know what the kindness of other creatures feels like, that\u8217\'92s why it\u8217\'92s called kindness. Like if I cuddle up with a lizard, it\u8217\'92s not going to understand because it\u8217\'92s a goddamn lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Painted Eunuch. The Eunuch Painter. The Failed Painter. Perhaps that was him. He was being preserved for a purpose. He was invincible. That thought put a smile on his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He muttered aloud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you think you are, Mandri, you\u8217\'92re not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very good,\u8221\'94 said the scribe. \u8220\'93Now come here and submit yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You come here and arrest me,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe let go of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck. A satisfied smile crept across his chubby cheeks. The nearest Hrkan soldier stepped out of line to point out the obvious. \u8220\'93The giant is playing. Look at him. He\u8217\'92ll not go down without a fight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then fight him,\u8221\'94 the scribe said, sneering. \u8220\'93That is your duty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soldier, a hardscrabble man with an untamed beard and mule-kicked brow scowled at the insult, for speaking to a Skelsi about duty was. Of course the scribe had started it, reminding a hardscrabble Skelsi man of his duty. He had a beard that couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be tamed and brow so hard and heavy only a mule kick could make it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t not indulge the soldier\u8217\'92s affront by giving it a reaction. He kept his plaintive, hands clasped at his waist. No doubt he\u8217\'92d slain big men before, and no doubt his brethren had as well. They were a line of veterans, the best saved for last, and if their shoulders slumped it was because they were tired of having to clean up the messes left by newer recruits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their captain put his horn to his lips and blew, and the line of soldiers began their advance again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they marched they formed a semicircle trapping the Ayramun against the rubble. They kept their shields raised and swords drawn, not buying for a moment the ruse that Ayram would come with them peacefully. And seeing their , Ayram drew up his iron spear. Big stomp. Glint of blackened iron where the tip of the spear has been worn down. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All Mandri could see was the white Hrkan cloaks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a shudder in the formation. A scream. The iron rod stab explode out the back of back of one man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, and a half-breath later the exploded as Ayram barreled through. Leads out spear, staps in the back. Ayram whips the spudbar,smashing three skulls in kind, landing embedded in the brain of the man who\u8217\'92d stabbed him. Barrels over them. Breaks through the line. Regent screams and turns to run. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Decapitates him. Smashes the chisel-head into the back of the neck, then drives the man into the ground, decapitating him. The moment he broke that spine, he broke the morale. With no one to hold them accountable, all }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Child turns and runs, arms stiff and flailing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Watchign after them. The soldier comes round a boulder, carrying the limp body of MazydObo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took one look at the Ayramun, saw them running away, then dropped his charge and .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looked at, then looked at the fleeing Hrks, then back at Obo, then finally she looked up at Moto and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The child! Get that child!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}