{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 JSO}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 J}{\f0\fs24\b0 SO did nothing to find my missing aunt last month. They hung up on my parents, took labor day weekend off and she was found dead a few days later by some hunters. Around the same time, there was a run away mom that came from the wealthier side of the tracks, and they were all over helping find her. The same guy that gave my step mom attitude and hung up on her was on the televised press conference looking for the run away mom vowing to do everything to help find that woman who purposely ran away from her family. That town is messed up, the police are corrupt. Better off living anywhere else in Florida but there.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I was working in north side, had a guy try and break into our work truck, my boss caught him in the process, dude pulled out a knife, I grabbed a shovel and my boss pulled his gun. Dude took off but he circled back around on a bike and smashed the windshield of our work truck. Called the cops, they show up almost an hour after we called, made report. Then the cop asked my boss why he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shoot the guy when he pulled the knife. My boss told him he took off running so he didn\u8217\'92t feel like he was in danger anymore. Fucking cop told him next time that happens to go ahead and shoot the guy. He said if the guy pulled a stick or any type of weapon that the stand your ground law will exonerate you if you truly feel your life was in jeopardy.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 W}{\f0\fs24\b0 e had the camper parked in a storage place. We got a letter code enforcement in Marion,county saying we can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t park our camper on that piece of land. It had the dudes name on the paper. We called the police from where we stored the camper and the police said \u8220\'93if you know where it\u8217\'92s at go get it.\u8221\'94 Like what? It took 3 days to have them put it in as stolen. By this time police in Marion County went there stayed down the street until jso could put it as stolen. By this time the guy got spooked. The camper was trashed. Stuff just cut open He apparently didn\u8217\'92t know how to drive that big of a camper because there was dings everywhere. We had finger prints of him in the camper and jso said maybe it was his dad. I said his dad died 3 years prior so unless a ghost did this. Nothing. I have 0 respect for the police here. The guy got this land for $10. I\u8217\'92d love to know how. Plus this guy lived .25 miles from where we stored it. He saw it every time he left his neighborhood. Now we have GPS on all our stuff. Not Apple tags because they tell other users that there\u8217\'92s an AirTag nearby. I have one on my puppy.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 I was pulling into the BJs parking lot- I still dont know why, the man in front of me got out of his car and bitch slapped the shit out of me through my car window.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I called the cops with witnesses. The first officer that arrived said "THIS is the guy that hit you?!" Shocked. Come to find out it was his youth church pastor. They charged him but he got away with it after no showing to court i think 3 times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I begged the prosecutor to at least have him do anger management. Nope. Hes "old" and never had any concerns or crimes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He slapped me so hard, he broke my sunglasses and they were lodged in my steering column.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 No, I literally did nothing but drive behind him into the BJs parking lot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I moved to Minnesota. Ive never been so fuckin done with a state in my life than I was Florida / Jacksonville.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I hope you find peace. Im sorry this happened to you and im sorry it keeps happening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Edit: spelling}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I}{\f0\fs24\b0 ronically, I was telling someone yesterday, that is an active duty detective in another state, about the time one of my neighbors overheard a fight inside my home (I was in my teens and DV was in my family) and she called the police. My mother and stepfather were doing their usual b.s and redirected their attention on me, as they always did. When JSO came they took my mother's side, my stepfather left just in time, and the officers didn't believe anything I told them since they talked to my mother first (she said I was the problem). They said that if they got another call about this family they'd take me next time (despite me trying to get them to listen about what my stepfather especially would do to me and my mother being the bystander that she was & also hitting me). A few months later my stepfather put his hands on me worse than ever that left marks and my dress torn. So, yeah. This was over 10 years ago but it doesn't feel any better. JSO had come to my home for other things over the years prior to this (my mother was habitually in and out of Jail) and for being Law Enforcement the officer's attitudes/overall behavior were the equivalent to middle school bullies (especially in front of a kid stuck in the middle of everything). I have seen some of the officers around the city since all of this. Obviously, it's not all of the officers. I know there are good ones. But, just from the few that have paid visits to my house cause of my mother/the fighting I'm not impressed.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain }