{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , to sustain the illusion that she had finally killed her Self for good, but it was never true. One night\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sleep and she was back to normal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Always back to normal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She sometimes didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like the God\u8217\'92s Eye because of that. It was like treating a beggar to a Lord\u8217\'92s feast and kicking him out onto the street again. It was better to starve.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not for you,\u8221\'94 Pel said as she drew from her robe a near-empty vial of shimmering, iridescent fluid\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the last few tears of Schisol. \u8220\'93I know I said you could have this. But this is not for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb scuttled around to face her mistress, and as she did, Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gentle hand came to rest upon her shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s touch, all the tension in Seb\u8217\'92s body evaporated, and she gasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s better, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Pel said. Her voice could soothe the hardest Spark. When she turned her attention back to Mandri, Seb grew jealous.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sneaked a peek at her lady, who was eying Mandri on the floor as if seeing something for the first time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "We should make things a little more difficult,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she said, and}}