{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {levate ancient Israel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s monotheism at the expense of the polytheism of its neigh\'02bors (especially expressed in the Late Bronze Age texts from Ugarit). Differences noted between biblical and extra-biblical literatures seem to exalt Israelite mono\'02theism and to denigrate non-Israelite polytheism and to ignore or at least minimize, Israelite polytheism as well.65 For example, Scholars have portrayed Israelite mono\'02theism as a historical religion and polytheism as a nature or fertility religion,66 or claimed Israel an ethical religion and polytheism as a pagan \u8220\'93deification of power and process of material production.\u8221\'9467 The myth of Canaan (putatively exemplified by the Ugaritic texts) contrasts with the narrative of Israel.68 A more sophisticated analysis saddles polytheism with an order to which the gods themselves are subject, in contrast to the monotheistic deity\u8217\'92s control over all.69 But there is little, if any, evidence for an independent order having mastery over deities in either Ugaritic or Mesopotamian mythologies.70 Moreover, no idea of such an independent order of \u8220\'93fate\u8221\'94 exists in ancient Middle Eastern mythologies. Ugaritic lacks a word even approximating this notion, and Akkadian s\u711\'3Fimtu, usually taken to mean \u8220\'93fate,\u8221\'94 refers to a \u8220\'93determined course\u8221\'94 that can be changed.71 No hard evidence supports the further claim that polytheism involves \u8220\'93a vast, dark and uncomfortable world.\u8221\'9472 In sum, earlier generations of biblical scholars championed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as historical judg\'02ments\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the very religious views to which they largely subscribed personally.73 The religious posture of interpreters is in itself no argument against their views. How\'02ever, there is little or no basis for these contrasts distinguishing monotheism from polytheism, nor is there a firm basis for the theological weight attached to biblical monotheism itself, a weight that the Bible itself hardly reflects (as discussed in chapter 8). Some of the more recent approaches to polytheism also raise questions. In a recent treatment, the polytheism that preceded monotheism of the Bible becomes immoral and impotent, reflecting a \u8220\'93pessimism\u8221\'94 and even a religious crisis questioning polytheism itself, \u8220\'93a pantheon of disillusion.\u8221\'9474 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Yet I have wondered if we now regard polytheism appropriately. Views of ancient polytheism seem to labor still under simplistic notions, such as the idea that polytheism was a system of division of powers corresponding to different de\'02ities.80 In this view, each deity has a prime characteristic or profile (e.g., Baal as a storm-god) and these characteristics, or at least the positives ones, cumulatively equal the total that monotheism claims for its single deity. In other words, poly\'02theism is simply monotheism multiplied by number of divinities and their func\'02tions. Monotheism apparently continues to affect the way we think about poly\'02theism. This book is my initial attempt to appreciate the particular polytheism known from ancient Ugarit and the coherent understanding of reality it provided. As a product of, and adherent to, one of the three religions of the book, I too am susceptible to errors in describing polytheism in the biblical world (specifically in the Ugaritic texts); indeed, scholars will need to correct any false assumptions they detect here }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Israel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perception of itself as a separate culture and religion destined to a cove\'02nantal life only with Yahweh grew over a long period of time. It did not leap into being on Mount Sinai at the beginning of Israel\u8217\'92s existence as a people as recorded in the book of Exodus. Indeed, the pristine picture of Israel\u8217\'92s relationship with Yahweh at Sinai was itself part of a later effort to clarify a distinctive religious identity for Israel, one no earlier than the ninth century as far as we know, and in the view of many scholars, hardly even this early. The Sinai narratives, largely a product of the monarchy and later periods,82 reflect Israel\u8217\'92s long historical struggle to understand itself as a priestly people and a people set apart for the service of a single deity, in short, a monotheistic one. With this understanding of Israel\u8217\'92s so\'02called \u8220\'93Canaanite\u8221\'94 heritage, in language, literature, and religion, this book works with a model of Israelite religion that developed in many diverse ways from a larger West Semitic background, or a \u8220\'93Canaanite\u8221\'94 background. This term has en\'02gendered a great debate; I will therefore discuss it in the next section. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {For the historian or historian of religion trying to understand a wider historical context such as Israel and the ancient Near East, for the theologian attempting to understand who God was and is within a wider theological landscape such as the Bible, the methodological issue is the same. In short, my own historical interests as well as religious and theological concerns\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and our guild\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as well\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 drive this study and others like it. Because of Western historical consciousness since the Enlightenment, one cannot pose such an issue without historical context. As the Bible itself suggests, the historical context for understanding the biblical God in\'02cludes other gods and goddesses. This book reflects this fundamental problem for students of divinity in the world of ancient Israel as reflected in the Bible. As a result, this study straddles the line between theology and the academic study of religion.123 Theology generally asks normative questions of what should be believed and, correspondingly, who God was and therefore is. Theology usually works on the assumption that the identification or study of the deity is championed in some sense by the investigator. In contrast, the study of religion asks descriptive ques\'02tions about what people believed, and further about what goddesses and gods including Yahweh were or were considered to do and be. Religious research may presuppose that the investigator at least sets aside her or his belief in the object of inquiry. Lately there has been a great deal of crossover between theology and religion. Perhaps they now share greater common ground after an initial history of conflict between the two fields. Moreover, theology can benefit from historical study of ancient religion that precisely profiles the biblical text, viewed as the abiding theological witness to the divine choice of Israel. The religious struggles underlying the development of the Bible are better understood as a result of his\'02torical study. The study of religion in this book should hold potential value for theology, as it explores some of the choices that Israel\u8217\'92s eventually normative traditions rejected and selected over time.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Given the issue of situating my own intellectual point of standing, it would be appropriate to return to the modern intellectual critics of God and belief. These figures have provided students of religion with a wide array of weapons. Their analyses are powerful, necessary tools in the intellectual arsenal of anyone inter\'02ested in the study of religion, believer and nonbeliever alike. What a Marx or a Nietzsche or a Freud offers the believing community is a panoply of iconoclastic devices for smashing the idols of belief naively unaware of its origins in certain systemic distortions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 be those distortions economic, phil\'02osophical, or pyschodynamic. But \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93to smash the idols is to let the symbols speak.\u8221\'94 . . . The burden of faith is to evoke a refined passion for the possible by way of an excavation of the distortions at the base of its origins.126 The tools offered by these modern icons (or idols?) pierce deeply to the human dimension in religion, and it is the task of scholars, whether they are believers or not, to offer an \u8220\'93excavation of... origins\u8221\'94 that clarifies the ancient context of religion and ultimately the modern religious situation as well. Believers may worry that with these tools one could claim that religion can be \u8220\'93explained\u8221\'94 as human projection. However, this view represents only that, a claim or a hypothesis, validated by no more or less evidence than the conviction that religious expression reflects more than a human monologue only masquerading as a human-divine dialogue. For example, J. S. Preus\u8217\'92s book Explaining Religion127 admirably surveys the modern history of discussion about religion but finally con\'02cludes that religion can be \u8220\'93explained\u8221\'94 (really in the sense of being \u8220\'93explained away\u8221\'94). Preus combines Freud\u8217\'92s psychological views on religion with sociobologists\u8217\'92 more societally oriented understandings of human beings. For Preus, the two add up to individual and social explanations for religion qua projection. All this is in the spirit of our age, but even a detour through Gordon Allport\u8217\'92s critique of Freud128 on religion is sufficient to warn students about making claims about re\'02ligion as a matter of purely human projection.129 It is unclear from any modern critique of religion that anyone is in a position to disprove the reality of religious mystery expressed in the ancients\u8217\'92 texts, even if we probe that mystery. Modern affirmations of such faith as well as denials of it are acts of faith. Yet these critiques of religion bring us closer to understanding the human side of divine-human re\'02lations. And this is what believers and nonbelievers, believing and unbelieving theologians and historians of religion share: a desire to understand the human side of the equation in religious traditions. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Today myths represent untrue stories for many people. For a modern audience, myth conjures up the world of Greek, Roman, or Norse deities, and this mythology is often considered a quaint, but untrue area of antiquarian interest. Some scholars, such as R. A. Oden, argue that the modern attitude, which is so critical of myth, derives from negative stereotypes of myth partially inherited from Christian tra\'02dition.138 The modern academic fields of theology and philosophy, based on tra\'02ditional antipathy toward myth and the post-Enlightenment exaltation of history, have at times diminished the value or truth of myth }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {. Oden offers a similar defi\'02nition of myths containing four elements:147 (1) myths are narratives; (2) they are traditional, that is, transmitted almost always orally within a communal setting and for a long time; (3) they contain characters who are more than human in some way; and (4) they relate events from remote antiquity.148 According to Oden\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s definition, virtually any biblical narrative with a long history of transmission plac\'02ing Yahweh or other divine beings in the distant past is a myth.149 Thus, on the Ugaritic side, the Baal Cycle, Keret and Aqhat, and many other texts are myths, and on the biblical side, virtually all of the Pentateuch, the Deuteronomistic His\'02tory, the books of Chronicles, stories in the prophetical books, and many other texts would fall under the rubric of myth.150 For Oden, any story mentioning Yah\'02weh, the heavenly council, or an angel constitutes a myth. These approaches to myth are consonant with the recent erosion of dichotomies drawn between myth on the one hand, and theology and history on the other (mentioned earlier). Indeed, as I mentioned, it has been recognized for at least two decades that history and myth do not constitute two separate categories in either biblical or extra\'02biblical texts.151 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }