{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Mandrameen was eager for conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I ask, Mandrameen, why are you here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandrameen paused to look for a good answer. \u8220\'93I guess you could say I\u8217\'92m a new recruit.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd started to laugh but it stuttered into another coughing fit- this time when the blood and spittle came out it stained Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s toes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pardon me. Sorry. I would cover my mouth with my hands but I was recently robbed of them.\u8221\'94 He held both his arms into the light to show the truth of it. Both arms ended in bandaged stumps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well... I, uh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you in here with me, if you\u8217\'92re one of them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like I said, I\u8217\'92m new. I was told that they don\u8217\'92t trust me just yet. Don\u8217\'92t want me slinking around their hideaway I suppose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t trust you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve only just joined.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you trust them?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85 well... I suppose I do a little\u8230\'85 Actually no, I don\u8217\'92t at all. I was just thinking that, you know, I must be trusting them a little to let them whisk me away and throw me in here, but then again, I don\u8217\'92t care what happens to me so much, as long as its not too painful. So it\u8217\'92s not really a matter of trust. I\u8217\'92ve just kind of let them, you know, let them carry me along because the seem to want to do it. I don\u8217\'92t know. Trust is weird thing for me right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flashed over Mandrameen, who cut nearly as pitiful a figure there in the damp dark. Mandrameen was small, skinny and balding. Every part of him was disheveled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t care if you die?\u8221\'94 the boy asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not really, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Usual story, I suppose. I\u8217\'92m old. I\u8217\'92ve lost too much. And too much loss, too late in life, I\u8217\'92m sure you can see the sense. You know, when the prospects are as bleak mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As ours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. I\u8217\'92m sure you can see. Mix in some betrayal, in my case.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen said,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about you? What are you doing in here? Must have done something bad to get so roughed up, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evidently.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not going to tell me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped. Where he once seemed at relative ease, even curious, his next question came in a hurt whisper \u8220\'93Is that what this is? Feigning kindness to get information? Just get on with the beating\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Information? No. What? No. Like I said, honestly, I\u8217\'92m new here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one is \u8216\'91new\u8217\'92 to a band of thieves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thieves?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Setting up an ambush on an old smuggling road, yeah, I\u8217\'92d call that you thieves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know anything about that. Is that why you\u8217\'92re down here? You got taken off the road?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You honestly don\u8217\'92t know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. No I didn\u8217\'92t know they did that kind of thing. I thought they were\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know. Something more like zealots.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Zealots of a kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here because of the most incredible coincidence. So incredible it had to be ordained by Sol himself. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ordained by Sol?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Why not? Was it a miracle? No. But it was next of kin; a blessing. If I were a holy man it would have been a miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see. Only, blessings and miracles don\u8217\'92t lead you to being locked in a bandit\u8217\'92s prison.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not bandits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Right. It was a gaggle of priests who slaughtered my men, ruined my body, and locked in me here to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you seen Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram. You can\u8217\'92t have missed him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a colossus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is Ayram the leader of these bandits?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boy, they\u8217\'92re not bandits. And yes, they follow Ayram. They\u8217\'92re Ayramun. And if you had seen Ayram then you\u8217\'92d know that this is no ordinary bunch of highway folk. I don\u8217\'92t know about why they ambushed you on the road, but I\u8217\'92m sure there was a deeper purpose than simply lining pockets with gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you so sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already seen things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve just come from the Underworld.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last night I was in Shagota, the capitaline Hill, and I was about to, well, I was about to be killed and then Ayram rescued me. We made an escape through the ways of the Underworld. I followed Ayram all the way through the Underworld, all the way here. Safely. This Ayram can do. Even shadows and ghosts are afraid of him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You went through the Underworld?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. You see? Ayram is\u8230\'85 when you see him you\u8217\'92ll know what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram pulled you through the Underworld?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I get the sense that he\u8217\'92s got some use for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have no idea what that use is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not the least bit interested?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I already said no. I\u8217\'92m just along for the ride.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Well. Me too I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well it\u8217\'92s good that you feel that way.\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said. He was a little stunned that Mazyd could maintain a sense of levity, considering his state. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s really good,\u8221\'94 he repeated. \u8220\'93Impressive, really. If I were in you I\u8217\'92d be cursing everything. Fate especially. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, this is my fault,\u8221\'94 Mayzd said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how it\u8217\'92s my fault, but it is. I don\u8217\'92t think it defies imagination to say that somewhere along the way I made a few mistakes.\u8221\'94 Mazyd said this with a great, and it surprised Mandrameen to see the glint of Mazyd\u8217\'92s white teeth. The bloody pulp of a boy was actually smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92d they take your hands?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can only guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To keep me from using them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just because you can\u8217\'92t see the chain of consequence that leads to your present misery, that doesn\u8217\'92t mean that there isn\u8217\'92t one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who was this person?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The leader of this robber band. His name is Ayram. You can\u8217\'92t have missed him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The young man shook his head and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve only heard voices.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, when you meet him you\u8217\'92ll know who he is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd grunted in a show of indifference and slumped down against the rock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you owe this man a debt?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen sat back and considered Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question, as he hadn\u8217\'92t thought of it. Did he owe Aryam a debt? Ayram had saved him from Death, but that in itself didn\u8217\'92t bother him. Sure, it would have been cruel to die at Salavan\u8217\'92s hands, so he supposed he could thank Ayram for that - but a debt? Ayram was going to kill Salavan anyways. The whole thing was just a coincidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t spend too long thinking about it, because even if there was an honor debt to be paid, he no longer cared about honor. That was a game for people with something to lose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, he\u8217\'92s just an interesting person,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen finally said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s immense. It\u8217\'92s not just his size, it\u8217\'92s his presence. It\u8217\'92s exciting just to be around him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you decided to float along in his wake?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mazyd said, straightening his back to sit upright, so that he might treat with Mandrameen more personably ,\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s nice to meet you, Mandrameen.\u8221\'94 He stuck out his arm for a handshake, then looked down at his bloody stump, and laughed. Mandrameen laughed along with him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about an elbow?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen asked, and he stuck his out. Mazyd bumped it with his own, and smiled again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems like neither of us have any friends here,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said, \u8220\'93and I\u8217\'92m in a pretty bad way. Mandrameen, I need a friend right now, and you\u8217\'92re it. You don\u8217\'92t have a choice. I don\u8217\'92t care if you\u8217\'92re not interested, do what you want. I\u8217\'92m a little desperate. I just need the glimmer of hope that a friend can give - even if it's a one-way deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no,\u8221\'94 Mazyd interrupted. \u8220\'93 You just do whatever you want. Just know that from this point on, whatever trust you put in me, I\u8217\'92ll treasure it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandrameen shrugged his shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do what you want,\u8221\'94 Mazyd repeated. \u8220\'93My life isn\u8217\'92t worth much at the moment. They\u8217\'92ll probably kill me before tomorrow. I just don\u8217\'92t want to die without a friend nearby.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure how to handle this doomed man\u8217\'92s wish. If Mandrameen were younger, he would have humored Mazyd out of pity, but time had squeezed the empathy out of him. Plus, he didn\u8217\'92t know why Mazyd was locked up, nor why Ayram had elected to chop off his hands. It could have been simple theft, but it could be something unforgivable - Mazyd could be the kind of person to set his hands on another man\u8217\'92s wife. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you in here?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was marching along with my people towards Jeket when your people ambushed us in the Junei hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What were you doing out there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question gave Mazyd pause. He began to scrutinize his new friend. \u8220\'93We were about the Emperor\u8217\'92s business,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That surprises you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, yes. I figured you to be a thief.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, what, you\u8217\'92re a soldier?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More or less.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did they cut off your hands?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I\u8217\'92m a magus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said, his voice pitching in excitement. \u8220\'93Could you show me a little something?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mazyd just held up his bandaged arms to remind Mandrameen of his predicament.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 said Mandrameen, disappointed as much as the absence of proof for Mazyd\u8217\'92s story. \u8220\'93Well Mazyd, you\u8217\'92re either a fantastic thief and liar, or you\u8217\'92ve got the worst lot of any person I\u8217\'92ve ever met - well anyone that\u8217\'92s lived past twenty. How old are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One hundred and twenty two.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One hundred and -\u8221\'94 But before Mayzd could repeat the number, he was interrupted by the echoes of feet slapping on the damp stone outside. Then keys scratched at the lock, and the door creaked open. Torchlight flooded into the cell, giving Mandrameen a clean view of Mazyd. The shock of him was nearly blinding. He wasn\u8217\'92t just covered in blood. His body from his feet up to his neck were covered in intricate arrangement of symbols tattooed in black. It was the unmistakable markings of a Mazydei. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw fell open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi, Sandie! He\u8217\'92s awake!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, bring him out then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the two captors stepped into the cell. He was a scruffy looking man with a long nose. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you stand up?\u8221\'94 he asked Mazyd. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d help but I don\u8217\'92t want to touch you, mate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman behind him chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, help him up Deedee. You twit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do no such thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd looked to Mandrameen, but Pytle was still stunned by the sight of him, so he put his feet under his butt and labored up to a standing position by using the wall behind him for support.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about you?\u8221\'94 Deedee asked. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re alright, right? Name\u8217\'92s Mandrameen, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hearing his name spoken aloud snapped Mandrameen to attention. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that is my name,\u8221\'94 he said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re off to a bit of a meeting. You\u8217\'92re invited.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen was ushered out of his little cave cell through the crack. the torch, whose name, Mandri had learned, was Hill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen stood up and stretched his back, all the while gawking at Oro. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never dreamed he\u8217\'92d see a Mazydai this close, or in this place of all places. He followed Hill and Moteah out of the cell and into the cave proper. She was holding the only torch, and it\u8217\'92s flickering light illuminated the narrow slip of rock under her feet. The rest of the ground fell into a large blue-green pool of algal water. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s walls were waxy and seemed to be frozen mid-melt. Glistening strands of hard seemed to drip from the ceiling like saliva on the roof of a lizard\u8217\'92s mouth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They moved on into a tunnel that led up towards the surface. With each step the rock became dryer, and the going got steeper. Oro struggled along. He walked with his elbows tucked tight against his body, fearing to brush his arms against a stray shadow of a rock. It compromised his balance, and coupled with the recent loss of blood, he was sure to move slowly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The others accomodated him. Oro cut such a tragic figure that, even though Moteah and Sandie despised him in principle, they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but pity him. They weren\u8217\'92t cruel people, but this little march felt cruel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here and there they would pass a tunnels that spread off in odd directions, up and down, skewing this way that, leading off into some unknown abyss.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}