{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finding Elrahet was easy because she never moved far from where she sat down, and that morning Seb had seen her sit down at the ambush sight spot. Getting up to her, however, was difficult. Seb could either climb up the steep cliff face, or he could take the long way, and since he had to carry the dead body, he took the long way. He followed the Junei road up into the mouth of the Junei pass, then instead of following that road through the mountains and all the way south to Meskalim, he scrambled off onto a smuggler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trail which snaked up into the Hias. Before long, he hopped off that trail to follow a path which Ayram had made, one which double-backed towards the east.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was nearing mid-day when Seb made it to the that wide, mid-cliff ledge where Elrahet was sitting. As far as ambush sight spots go, it was perfect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it offered a privileged view of everything east of the Hias mountains. Below was the mouth of the Junei Pass, out of which the Junei road poured. This unkempt road meandered down into the dark Junei hills, where it was dissected into a filigree of footpaths that wiggled down into the valleys and bent around black screes and outcrops of rock before shooting through the ravines and bowing along the bottoms of the wide, long-dried washes before emptying out, at last, into the Junei plain. Once out on the plain, all roads got lost because the white ground is a rocky caliche that gets swept clean by the strong northerly Junsi wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet was alone up on that high ledge. To Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blurry eyes, she was nothing but a bundle of black rags and long smoky hair. She was sitting cross-legged and looked like she was communing with the vastness of the world, but really, she was sitting, watching, and waiting for a caravan to rumble along so she could help end them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Took you long enough,\u8221\'94 she said as Seb approached.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait to catch his breath before saying, \u8220\'93Gugi found a dead body and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb wondered how she knew, because she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet looked at him and what he was carrying. Then he realized that this was, after all, the sight spot, and it had a good angle on just about every ravine, and on top of that, she was a witch. Who knows how far her witchy eyes and witchy ears could reach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring it here,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb knew bloodwitches were cantankerous creatures, but Elrahet was especially cantankerous. Seb wondered about her age, though numbered age was rarely a thing people of the Sand kept track of. A sand dune has no age, and outland witches like Elrahet were just as elemental. Her features were as dark, sharp, and solemn as any slab of shale. Her sun-drenched skin was as brown, leathered, and wrinkled as the bark of any pepperwood tree. Her layers and layers of black rag-robe pillowed her knobbly frame and made her look like a ragged, perhaps diseased crow. Elrahet was as much a native creature of the Sand as the Hias mountains themselves, and probably as old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must I command your every twitch? Put the body down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb gently put the dead boy down, not wanting to annoy her. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want her to shoo him away before he\u8217\'92d heard what she might say. It was his great mission in life to hear what she had to say. This was a difficult mission, because not only did Elrahet harbor disdain for mankind in general, she seemed to hate Seb more than most. And why shouldn\u8217\'92t she? She could see the plan. She knew what he was. And when she did speak, she spoke softly, hoarsely. Her throat croaked like a dying man. All her sentiments were brusque and rude. All her sentences were death sentences. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then there was her bloodspeech. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what Seb called her absent-minded witchy mumbling. He called it bloodspeech because whenever she spoke, his own blood tingled, and as soon as the boy was laid down flat, she set to work probing the body for signs, whispering that cursed bloodspeech as she did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her study started with the extremities, the fingers and toes. Then she worked her way up the fore-arms, her fingers tracing veins, and she worked her way over the ankles and up the lower-lower legs. When she got to the dead boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knees, she ordered Seb to take off the dead boy\u8217\'92s tunic. This Seb did with some difficulty, as Elrahet was not inclined to help or even move out of the way. Once it was done, and the boy was naked, Elrahet began her study anew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was an odd black birthmark on the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest. Elrahet squeezed it between her bony fingers as if to pop it off. Then she picked through his mop of black hair like a mother looking for lice. Then she cupped his uglies, but there was no great providence there, and next she tucked her thumbs into her palms and set all eight fingers to work in palpating the boy\u8217\'92s belly. When she got to jabbing her fingers up under the boy\u8217\'92s ribs, Seb\u8217\'92s impatience got the best of him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he needed to know what was going on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t ya just cut him open?\u8221\'94 he asked bluntly, though he\u8217\'92d forgotten to stop chewing his borcandi spine as he asked it, so his words were a little lost between squelches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet looked up at him through her imperious brown, and her incurable sneer strained the tendons in her neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go busy yourself,\u8221\'94 she growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stepped back and privately cursed himself for not handling the situation with more tact. He should have expected less. Elrahet was impossible to please. In the first few months of Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s journey with the Ayramun, he\u8217\'92d tried winning her over with kindness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92d make her meals, wash her blankets, carry her things, and for all that she called him a \u8216\'91servile oaf\u8217\'92. If he ignored her entirely, that only enraged her. If he did what she wanted, exactly how she wanted it, no more or no less, then he was a \u8216\'91mindless poke\u8217\'92. It had been three whole years and as many months, and Seb had learned almost nothing from her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only bit of wisdom he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever heard her speak was a rather childish aphorism given to Purl. Purl had been pouting about some useless thing and Elrahet said to her, \u8220\'93Every weakness is a strength, and every strength, a weakness.\u8221\'94 If anyone else had said something as stupid as that, Seb would have disregarded it as merely twisting words. Strength is strength. Weakness is weakness. Seb\u8217\'92s eyes, for example, were a weakness. If a thing was up close he could keep it sharp, but \u8216\'91way far out\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91not too far off\u8217\'92 were smashed together into a blurry haze he called \u8216\'91out there somewhere\u8217\'92. He looked out on the Junei plain from that high ledge, and all he saw was a wash of white ground underneath a blur of blue sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only good thing that came of his unreliable eyes was that he never had to stand watch, and while he took special pleasure in not being saddled with that chore, calling that a strength was merely twisting words. When a man is strong he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to twist words. For a witch steeped in the mysteries of the all-white Spark to say a thing like that, to say \u8216\'91weakness is a strength\u8217\'92, then there had to be some deeper purpose underneath the surface. Elrahet only ever spoke to bend the world to her will. Her words might have been for Purl, but Seb had overheard it, and him overhearing it was no doubt as much a part of  her intentions than if she\u8217\'92d said the words to him direct. She was sending him down a path. Seb was sure of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One day Seb realized that the only other person he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever known who\u8217\'92d had vision worse than his, was his old aunt Sesha. Old Sesha saw splotches of light and shadow and that was it. But if she stared at a person for long enough, and got all glassy eyed, then she would begin to see bands of radiant color resolving into the outline of the person. She called it aurasight. She saw red or black for killers and thieves and the like, green or blue for gentle folk, gold for the merely curious, and so on. It was an invaluable skill. Her weakness became a strength, and Seb figured that\u8217\'92s how it must work with eyesight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lose sight of the natural world to gains sight of the hidden one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whenever he tried to see auras, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d mimic what he\u8217\'92d seen his old aunt Sesha do. She would stand as still as a statue and stare without focus. She\u8217\'92d get all shaky and sweaty as if she were killing herself with the effort. Seb wasn\u8217\'92t sure what was going on inside her head. It seemed simple, like all she was doing was narrowing the world down to her and her target, and then, through vein-popping concentration, she\u8217\'92d will the auras into existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stared out at the Junei plain and tried to find the coming caravan by its aura. He knew the caravan was out there somewhere in that blur, making its way towards the Junei pass to be set upon by the Ayramun. He let his eyes cross just enough so that the white landscape doubled and blurred until the edge between the sand and the sky softened into a clean gradient of white-to-blue. He strained under the effort, and at that point there was nothing else in the world but him and the distant caravan\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if it was even there. He supposed it was there, and he supposed that supposing it was there was enough to make its aura flare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stared into that blur and bore the look of a man possessed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jaw clenched tight, breathing in sips, skin tingling, muscles tense. He could feel the energy screaming out of his eyes, he was scouring all the world with it. He trembled as old Sesha trembled. Sweat beaded on his brow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he caught a faint whiff of a curious odor. A foul odor. Was it him? It could be the dead boy. Or old Elrahet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took another sniff and was hit with a familiar musk\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And there were some nesting brightbeaks, up on the cliff behind. Seb knew this without looking because when brightbeaks jump out of their holes they flap their little wings so hard that it beats a pathetic, warbling whistle out of their tiny chests. One flew right by his ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But that brightbeak wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the most distracting thing. That honor went to the way in which the borcandi juice oozed out of the spine tucked in his cheek and welled up in his mouth. Swallowing it all down was difficult because borcandi juice is bitter and doesn\u8217\'92t play nice with the stomach, so people spit the juice out. But spitting would break his concentration. Then again, his concentration was already broken, so he spit the juice out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dammit, Seb! You\u8217\'92re a servant of Shis, I swear it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s accusation sent Seb into a flustered panic, then he realized that he\u8217\'92d accidentally spit in her direction. He was horrified to see a long thin track of green-gray spit lacing across the dead boy\u8217\'92s chest. Thankfully, none of it had touched Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw, shit! I\u8217\'92m sorry El! Shit. I didn\u8217\'92t mean to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He crouched down and tried to atone for his stupidity by wiping the dead boy clean with his dirty sleeve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet glowered and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get away afore I have you tossed off the cliff!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean it, I\u8217\'92m sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet had a short club-like walking cane that she always kept near, and she picked it up and swung it at Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head. He pulled back in time to watch it brush his nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m that close to cursing your flesh so it steams your bones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean it. Here, let me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She swung again, and her back swing was faster, so fast that her cane head smacked his cheek. If she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been serious, it might have broken the bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb clutched his bruised cheek and backed away, thankful it was only a warning, though Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s withering glare said her patience would not bear another word. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb cursed himself again as he walked away. This was another weakness of his\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was forgetful. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hold onto a moment if he were alone in a pitch-black cave. People said this was because of all the spines he chewed, but Seb knew that wasn\u8217\'92t true because he\u8217\'92d always been like this. And he\u8217\'92d never once been in a position where his fitful mind was a strength. Gugi had said that if his mind was always jumping around then at least that means he can\u8217\'92t be sad for too long, and so he should be happy about that, but somehow that wasn\u8217\'92t true\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 being sad was the one thing Seb could be for too long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He leaned over the cliff face and spat a loogie down. He watched it fall with some delight, though he was denied the pleasure of seeing it splat on the rocks below because the ground was far enough away to be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91out there somewhere\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when Moto came scrambling down to the sight spot from some hidden perch up above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb disliked Moto. Moto, a black man from Zos, was stronger, younger, and more skilled than Seb in every way imaginable. He was too well put together to be an Ayramun. Everyone else made do with dark, patchwork robes and nail-strapped soles for shoes, whereas Moto had thin silver metal buckles on his dusty black boots, and he wore an orange robe that was tucked and folded into sharp knife pleats that slanted across his chest and were kept secured by a wide and tight black sash around the belly. Moto was so clean and fastidious that he would have been at home in the rete of Hrkan Lords. He even had a sword, a long, curved sword inside a brass-studded scabbard\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it even had a name. Worse than all this, he had healthy teeth. Few things made Seb more aware of his own disgusting self than being in the presence of healthy teeth. A man is hard done up when a smile does nothing but make him jealous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto surveyed the Junei plain and said to Seb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t see them, can you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bastard knew he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see shit. That\u8217\'92s who Moto was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was a dead boy not ten feet away, an ill omen just discovered, yet here Moto was taking the time to take Seb\u8217\'92s spit right out his cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t see shit,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto chuckled. His was a damned hearty, healthy chuckle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re there,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re on their way. Exciting, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 He then looked down at Elrahet, pretending to notice the dead boy for the first time. \u8220\'93And who is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loath to be interrupted, Elrahet grumbled out a barely-audible answer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a complication.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A complication? What does that mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Means what it means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, I need to know what it means. The Mazid will be here before long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet tore herself from her task and squinted out at the horizon. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re there,\u8221\'94 said Moto as he pointed out into the blur. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a tiny black speck and a faint cloud of dust just there. That would be them. That would be our target.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure that\u8217\'92s them?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who else could it be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto snorted in annoyance, which was a common enough occurrence that some of the Ayramun called him the rutting bull. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Salavan told us that the Mazid and his Minder were making for the pass and the two would be hiding themselves in a blackwood caravan. Salavan said they\u8217\'92d be coming mid-day today.\u8221\'94 Moto pointed out to the desert again, this time with two imploring hands. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a caravan out there. It\u8217\'92s mid-day. It all fits. That\u8217\'92s who we\u8217\'92re hunting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb spat another loogie off the cliff and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did old Salavan say anythin\u8217\'92 about a dead body?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Moto said defensively. \u8220\'93Are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  saying something about a dead body?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sayin\u8217\'92 nothin\u8217\'92, I\u8217\'92m }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lookin\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  at it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I see it too. What I don\u8217\'92t see is why it changes anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If there\u8217\'92s a curse floatin\u8217\'92 in them hills, then Ayram should know about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who said anything about a curse?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb looked to Elrahet for support, but she was in no mood to humor him. She simply grunted and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unexpected bodies are foul omens.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto snorted again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything is a foul omen to you,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93A rock stuck in your shoe is a foul omen. A dead leaf is foul omen. Unless Elrahet thinks there\u8217\'92s something more here, then it doesn\u8217\'92t change anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s it not change nothin\u8217\'92? How\u8217\'92s findin\u8217\'92 a dead body not put a notch in your noggin?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I\u8217\'92m a man of resolve, Seb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t even know for sure there\u8217\'92s a Mazid out there in that desert. Could be only merchants and we come out here for nothin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s only merchants, then we knock off a few fat bellies and we get a little richer. What\u8217\'92s the problem?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be that those aren\u8217\'92t merchants, but a bunch of Hrkan Skulsi in disguise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s Skulsi, all the better. We\u8217\'92d be killing people worth killing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be a Mazid and no Minder, what then? Need both, don\u8217\'92t we? What if its only one and not the other?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrks wouldn\u8217\'92t move a Mazid this far out without its Minder. They don\u8217\'92t trust the Mazidai.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if its a Mazid }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 and}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a Minder }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 some Skulsi. What then?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A few soldiers won\u8217\'92t change the balance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if it\u8217\'92s more'n a few?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we\u8217\'92ll kill more than a few.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how much is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto rolled his eyes and pulled a small, red leather purse from out of his robe. Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went wide at sight of it, for inside that pouch was a ribbon of black silk, and folded inside that silk were two smooth rock crystal lenses set inside thick brass rings. These rings were joined together by a dangling chain that when stretched was the length of Seb\u8217\'92s forearm. Seb always itched to try out those lenses, but Moto never let him touch them. Seb hated Moto for that. If those two lenses, set in array, could magnify the distance and make the horizon seeable, well, Seb wanted to have a look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto sat down on the edge of the cliff and propped his elbow up on one knee and let his other leg dangle free. He hunched over, put the smaller lens up to his eye, then stretched out the other lens as far the chain would let, and began his squinting study of the distant blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like that Moto was sitting that way. It wasn\u8217\'92t just the lenses, it was the casual disregard for what Seb was capable of doing. In a flash, Seb could be right behind him and push him off the cliff. Seb could end him right there. For all of Moto\u8217\'92s skill and style, Seb could end him here. There were plenty of moments like this when Seb could do it. Could do it while Moto slept. While he ate. Seb had half a mind to do it right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I count fifty-four of them. Give or take.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fifty-four\u8217\'92s more\u8217\'92n most,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And fifty-four is exactly how many Salavan said there\u8217\'92d be\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 though there is an odd fix about them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An odd fix?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto squinted again. He was evidently having trouble keeping his quarry in focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s like they\u8217\'92re\u8230\'85well\u8230\'85they\u8217\'92re a standard caravan guard alright, but it\u8217\'92s like they\u8217\'92re marching in squares.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know much, but he knew one thing for certain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Moto\u8217\'92s expectations were getting in the way of the truth. And one other thing he knew for certain was the proof. \u8220\'93There ain\u8217\'92t no caravan guard that keeps a column,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I say it\u8217\'92s an odd fix.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s an odd fix \u8216\'91cause they ain\u8217\'92t no caravan guard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eight wagons,\u8221\'94 Moto added. \u8220\'93Exactly how many Salavan predicted.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb screwed up his face in thought. Eight wagons was several more than the average merchant train. Predicted, maybe. But a merchant guard marching in tight formation? Caravan hands in this part of the Sand were ragged bands of backwash from distant Hrkan conquests, not the kind to march in squares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These were Skulsi, Seb was sure. Fifty-four Skulsi and a god-damned Mazid were bearing down on them. And how many more men might be hiding in those wagons? Thirty?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb compared all this to what the Ayramun brought to bear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 forty-three bows. Forty-three bows and Ayram. And old Elrahet. Against anyone else he liked the odds, but nobody tangled with a Mazid with good reason\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the thing could wipe out armies. Their only hope was the element of surprise. The Junei hills were a decent place to bushwhack a column of Hrks. Everywhere the slopes were steep, and no matter which particular route was taken into the pass there were places where a strong arm would have a clean shot at the whole enemy column\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assuming the whole column was dumb and tried to stuff through all at once, but Skulsi weren\u8217\'92t dumb. Against fearful men, an ambush here would be a slaughter. Against experienced warriors, Seb was not so sure. Add a Mazid, if the Mazid was ready...Maybe the odds three to one against. And that\u8217\'92s assuming the Mazid got taken down without too much trouble. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d take them for Skulsi, but even from here you can see they\u8217\'92re wearing the stingy brown wool of blackwood guards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be they been drilling common hands,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That could be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be those really are Hrkan troops.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But they\u8217\'92re wrapped in brown wool,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So? A man can change his clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Skulsi doesn\u8217\'92t drop his whites for convenience, not even for subterfuge. It\u8217\'92d be a black mark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Sand makes converts of us all,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto let go of his outstretched lens and watched it dangle on its chain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pride,\u8221\'94 Moto noted through a plaintive sigh, \u8220\'93Is the only thing a Skulsi has. Once a soldier earns the white robe, he\u8217\'92s not going to take it off.\u8221\'94 He then acceded a shrug and added, \u8220\'93Still, even if they\u8217\'92re wearing brown, they could be fighting men.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They could be rabble, and they could be eighty Skulsi.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said fifty-four.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about them wagons? Could be more of \u8216\'91em hidin\u8217\'92 in them wagons. And if they\u8217\'92re Skulsi, then they got skin in the game.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet was thinking the same. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They won\u8217\'92t run when the killing starts,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And the way we\u8217\'92re set up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93This only works if they try to run. But this is a game of risk. This }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a Mazid we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re dealing with. The Skulsi hardly matter.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it\u8217\'92s decided,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not for you to call, Seb. Sol\u8217\'92s light knows you\u8217\'92d be the last person allowed to make that call.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ain\u8217\'92t shit either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s where you\u8217\'92re wrong. Ayram put me in charge.\u8221\'94 He stood back up to make sure Seb got the full measure of him. \u8220\'93And Like it or not, this is the only opportunity we\u8217\'92ll have to catch us a Mazid and his Minder, and men marching in formation isn\u8217\'92t enough to call it off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about the dead body?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was stumped. Moto wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the type to go in for intuition unless it was his own. He might listen to Elrahet, but she wasn\u8217\'92t saying squat. In fact, she was remarkably passive considering the circumstances. Her skin was so lined with age that even the subtlest action of her brow would send it cracking into sharp relief, and at the moment there was only the faintest hint of that familiar sneer. She was watching, though, watching like she already knew what was about to happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto asked Elrahet, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did the boy die?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet pointed to the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck and said, \u8220\'93Bruises.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was strangled?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stepped over and knelt next to the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head. There was a story written on the boy\u8217\'92s face that Seb couldn\u8217\'92t read. There simply weren\u8217\'92t enough clues. The boy\u8217\'92s lips were ashen and cracked, but overall he didn\u8217\'92t look water-starved. His skin looked like it had never seen a sun-blister. His dark brown eyes bore that calm expression of death, serene, the kind of rested ease that Seb desperately wanted but wasn\u8217\'92t willing to go that far to get. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wish I could figure what he\u8217\'92s doin\u8217\'92 here,\u8221\'94 Seb said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His body doesn\u8217\'92t look too spoiled,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Elrahet could always try and bring him back. Then he could tell us himself what he\u8217\'92s doing out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb looked to Elrahet with eager eyes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 watching the old witch work magic on a Spark was first and foremost amongst his desires. But the suggestion sent Elrahet sneering all the deeper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do it yourself,\u8221\'94 she said, each word laced with derision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, Seb, do it yourself. Meanwhile, the rest of us will be bagging a Mazid and remaking the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this don\u8217\'92t work out, an\u8217\'92 Ayram finds out there\u8217\'92s a dead body up here that you didn\u8217\'92t let him know about, then I\u8217\'92m blamin\u8217\'92 you. It\u8217\'92ll be }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  fault. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  fault.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s how responsibility works. Now, those wagons will be here before long, so get back down there and do your job.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto then pinched a flat stone finger whistle between his lips and whistled the song of the Jek Tresset to let the Ayramun hidden in the valleys below that the ambush was on. He stabbed and fluttered the high notes to encourage haste. Twittered replies sprang up from the hills below, and then, without so much as a parting nod, he set off down the path that led into that maze of mounded clay and rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet was keen to be leaving too. She stood up and shuffled down the path after Moto, though she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t headed down into the hills. She was headed to her witchy little cave to conjure a blanket of fog the likes of which the Junei hills hadn\u8217\'92t seen for an age\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a nice impenetrable fog to lay cover for the ambush. Damn it all if Seb wasn\u8217\'92t going to follow her and watch how she did it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to keep his distance though. Following Elrahet, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d learned, was difficult on account of her witchy senses. He had to be completely out of sight, and far enough out of sound that a crunch of pebbles underfoot wouldn\u8217\'92t give him away. It would have been impossible to follow her at all if he didn\u8217\'92t already know where she was going. The night before, he\u8217\'92d searched around for her cave and found it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a thin crack in the base of a giant sloping slab of granite that constituted the greater part of a mountain peak. It was a bit of a climb to get to it, and Seb wanted desperately to see how the old witch managed it, but that\u8217\'92d be too risky. He had to wait. He waited until the sun was sitting in the middle of the sky, and then he ventured after her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he made it to the cave crack, he could hear Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s faint mumblings echoing out. He shuffled inside and saw, illuminated by a shaft of light, old Elrahet squatting over the corpse of a sizable black-backed lizard. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beast was belly up, and Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers were already knuckle deep in its guts. Her arm twisted and twirled and her lips whispered incantations as her upturned eyes searched the blue sliver of midday sky that peeked through the crack in the rock above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then she turned and set her old blue eyes on Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stumbled backwards in fright and bumped his head on a rock and howled in pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Elrahet grimaced and spat at this interruption, then she set her eyes back on the sky, and put her hand to work again in the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She lowered her voice to a whisper}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb strained to hear her garbled words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Em bestet buguul.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the words were echoed and gone, she looked down at her handiwork and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Em bestet shemuul.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pushed down hard with her palm to squeeze the last meal out from the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shefre gor, amkukre dor.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her knotted fingers kneaded the intestines. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shefre gor, zomgagor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  She ripped the entrails out of their webbed lining, and raised them up into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We would be dust without it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She dropped the entrails back into the body cavity, then stared intently at whatever was going on within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb waited with bated breath for a sight of a Spark, or some effervescent swirl of glowing smoke, or anything, but nothing happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet snarled an arcane curse and tore the gash in the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s white belly wider. Into the hole she stuck her skinny arm up to the elbow, and then pushed the beast\u8217\'92s innards around in pursuit of something in its groin. The lizard\u8217\'92s belly bulged and squirmed. Once or twice its limbs twitched and its tail curled. Its gummy tongue popped out of its shovel mouth. Right when Seb supposed that the thing had come back to life, it went limp again. Elrahet pulled her arm free and sat back with a defeated sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is possible,\u8221\'94 she said in a quiet whisper loud enough for Seb to hear, \u8220\'93that the beast is infertile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb ventured over. It seemed she was talking to him. There was no one else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This won\u8217\'92t work?\u8221\'94 he asked as he knelt across from her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not with this beast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb poked the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse with a curious finger. He could sense a power coming from the gaping hole in its belly. The blue-gray intestines inside seemed to writhe and pulse like a knotted mass of worms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you gonna do?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet hissed at his impudence, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need a fertile stomach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked at Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fresh blood from a fertile stomach,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin went cold at the insinuation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about the dead boy? Maybe that\u8217\'92s why we found him. Solraheen dropped him there for this purpose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are also here,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You are right here in my cave during my time of need. Did Solraheen not also provide you to me without my seeking?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My blood\u8217\'92s no good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quit your bellyaching and give me your arm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My arm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The arm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thought you were gonna cut out my stomach. How much blood do you need?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blood was a sacred thing and it was never lightly given, least of all for magic. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no telling what a witch might do with it. But this was a golden chance to get in with the old woman and he had to take it. He studied her countenance to gauge her sincerity. Even in direct light, the difference between Elrahet\u8217\'92s smile and her frown was almost imperceptible under her sneer. It was common belief amongst the Ayramun that Elrahet never smiled at all, but Seb knew that wasn\u8217\'92t true. He\u8217\'92d seen her smile. He knew what it looked like. She wasn\u8217\'92t smiling now. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your arm,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb rolled up his sleeve and extended his arm. Elrahet grabbed his wrist and Seb nearly wretched because her whole arm was still dripping from lizard blood. He also didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care for the way she seemed to relish the sight of his veins bulging under his brown skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb thought his blood was potent. He thought she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only need a prick. She was only going for a fog after all, not a mountain storm. In truth he didn\u8217\'92t have the slightest idea how this all worked, but if it took more than prick of human blood for a fog, then what would it take for a mountain storm?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He shuddered at the thought. Elrahet felt this shudder in her fingers, and when she felt it, she smiled. It caught Seb off-guard for it was more than a crick in the corner of the lip, it was a full-on, nearly toothless grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb asked again, this time with more than a hint of unease, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How much do you need?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faded and that mess of aged lines settled back into her familiar sneer. She pulled a yard of linen and a clay bowl from out of the shadows beside her and laid them between herself and Seb. Then she unsheathed a long, thin golden knife from her belt and held it\u8217\'92s curve length-wise along Seb\u8217\'92s wrist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I value your trust,\u8221\'94 she said, without affection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Same.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet savored the returned courtesy, then pricked her dagger\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tip into his flesh and flicked her wrist with expert care to open the vein. Seb remained stoic through the sting but he watched with grave concern as blood streamed out of the wound and ran around his wrist and over Elrahet\u8217\'92s knuckles as it flowed steadily down into the bowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After what seemed an eternity, he jerked his arm free. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it,\u8221\'94 he said firmly, and he held his hand up and pinched the wound closed with his thumb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your gift is humbling,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, \u8220\'93Yet the bowl is but half-full.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That should be enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard it said that a poor witch blames her tools.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet scowled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who told you that?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not the only witch I\u8217\'92ve known.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet grumbled as if she were about to bark and bite. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb backed away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When next she spoke her voice was thick with contempt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think better of where you sit on the scales of the Ayram\u8217\'92s mercy. I could have your stomach for a bag.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She tossed the scrap of linen at Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face and shooed him out with a flick of her finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb cursed himself yet again, because not only did he spoil whatever goodwill he though he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d earned, but he\u8217\'92d let her prick his right wrist, his pulling wrist. Every pull of the bowstring in the coming ambush would bring a twinge of pain. }}