{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Supernal spark.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An old prune.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Earlier \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the gummy lips of an old woman who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s got not teeth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nearing mid-day means earlier chapter they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re not I nsuch a rush.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As Seb left, he snuck a look back and saw Elrahet flicking his blood into the lizard\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s open belly.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 In earlier chapter, seb says the hills are the perfect place to set up an ambush. Need to adjust to have him expressing misgivings about the location to jive with this one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seb figured that maybe normal sight gets traded for aurasight. Or maybe aurasight is in everyone, in him, but he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d have to want it badly to get it, and no one could want a thing as bad as someone who\u8217\'92s got nothing at all, and so going blind is something of a prerequisite\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 this had to be what the old witch was getting at, that Seb\u8217\'92s own lack of sight would lead to wanting aurasight all the harder. It all fit. It was only a matter of time and effort.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For this reason borcandi spines are called the dead-man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s drug, because borcandi bushes only grow in arid places, sucking at desert fog, and arid places are the worst place to chew them because when you\u8217\'92re milling about in the desiccating heat you want your water in your body not welling up in the mouth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seb could have spat the spine out, but he didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to because that would be a waste. He didn\u8217\'92t want to put it in his pocket for safekeeping because once something leaves the mouth it didn\u8217\'92t seem right putting it back in. That\u8217\'92s the one thing that separates man from beast\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 if Seb ever caught someone spitting something out and putting it back in, well that person was not to be trusted. That\u8217\'92s something Gugi would do. Gugi would wolf down a roasted redtail, chew and chew, then spit it all out to pick out the bones. Then he\u8217\'92d season that pinkish-greyish mash with whatever was at hand, sometimes it was just a sprinkle of sand, and he\u8217\'92d plop it back into his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After the winceful image of Gugi\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s most recent regurgitation passed through Seb\u8217\'92s mind, he realized that he\u8217\'92d completely forgotten about what he was trying to do: see the aura of the coming caravan. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0 His laugh was so robust, it could bench-press a punchline.}{ }}