{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stretched out his legs in a futile attempt to recover from the rigor of death. He wanted to stand up and walk around, but he was forced by circumstance to sit and wait in the bottom of the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limestone pit. He watched the sun as it crossed over to noon, such that its light shone straight down into the pit, leaving no shadows in which to hide. By then, most of the Ayramun had retreated into the tunnel. Forty stayed to keep watch over Mandri, and Mandri stayed because he thought he was supposed to. But he preferred the warmth. He set his back against the rock and shut his eyes, and he had nearly fallen asleep when a crowd of brown ragged pokes came scrambling back out into the pit, about fifteen to twenty of them. They all sat down, away from Mandri, chattering excitedly like children. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri watched them blather, tried to pick up some hints about what was going on, then some hidden signal passed between them, and these sand-dusted, black-hooded, desert-beaten men and women snapped to attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Out of the shadowed tunnel came Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had never seen a man so big.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen giants in paintings, but those were paintings. Those giants were Hrkan Lords painted to be twice their actual size, an unreality meant to lift up ordinary rulers in the eyes of their subjects. It was a genre known as \u8216\'91the conquering hero\u8217\'92, and it was tired genre, a joke even amongst the Lords who knew they were ordinary men. And Mandri agreed. He\u8217\'92d never once spared an admiring thought for these men. The first thought that came to Mandri\u8217\'92s mind when he saw Ayram was, \u8216\'91Oh, shit,\u8217\'92 and the second was the more considered, \u8216\'91This must be Arnaggu\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Arnaggu was the first Hrkan Lord, a true conquering hero, the inspiration for the genre. In some ancient age his image was carved into the flat face of a massive granite monadnock that towered above the windswept Forni plain. It was a terrifying piece. The relief itself sat four-hundred feet off the ground, and the battle it depicted stretched all the way across the flat, shaven granite, some six-hundred feet wide. At the bottom of this great image was a horde of Old Jandri tribesmen dressed in the garb of slaves\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 naked torsos and skirted hips. Their limbs are splayed out like flattened lizards. Their faces are fixed in silent screams as they are crushed under the sandals of Arnaggu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s army, a tidal wave of men. Arnaggu himself is depicted ten times larger than any other, and he stood at the apex of the piece, wading through the carnage. His upper torso and head were the only parts of the relief carved fully in the round, such that Arnaggu seemed to be tearing himself out of the rock, eyes wild but brow untroubled, the look of royal rage, as if he\u8217\'92d just heard whispers of rebellion and was dead-set on cutting out the treacherous tongues with his blade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandrameen saw this relief when he was sixteen, and at first blush a prickling sense of awe stippled his skin. To contend with Arnaggu was to contend with the entirety of the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram looked like Arnaggu reborn, a true giant, with a stern countenance seemingly carved from stone. His hair was wrapped up in a black headscarf, and his beady eyes were tucked under thick, black, mothy brows. His long, gaunt face was sunk into a bread loaf of a beard, an Old Jandri style of beard called an Unky beard, named after the warrior poet Unkileen, who was himself named after a mountain. Ayram wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ten-men-tall like Arnaggu, but he was nearly as tall as two whole Mandrameens. And the way he moved, with his too-long legs wrapped in faded black wool and swinging in a loping gait, he seemed possessed of that skinny-legged power that hides inside a horse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here was a conquering hero in the fashion of old, and true to the form, the man carried the body of a conquered wretch under his arm. This was none other than the pale and misshapen Mazidobo, whose bald head was twisted the right way around. Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s silver eyes blinked in the sun, and set against Ayram\u8217\'92s bronzed skin and black robes, his naked, chalk-white flesh was gleaming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram tossed Obo into the sunny sand in the center of the pit, and the rest of the Ayramun formed a distant ring around him. All of them stared at their master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s capture like a pack of whipped hounds waiting for their a greasy hand to divvy up the meal. The awkward nakedness of Obo\u8217\'92s  body drew hearty jeers. Weeg was quick to point out that this Mazid didn\u8217\'92t have an asshole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No wonder he acts like his shit don\u8217\'92t stink,\u8221\'94 he said, smirking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It do when it come out the mouth,\u8221\'94 said another hardscrabble bloke with a voice like a bucket of rocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bet it does!\u8221\'94 Tob roared. He then slapped his knee and killed the joke by hitting it square in the face. \u8220\'93Shit comes out its mouth because its full of shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His belly-rumbling laugh was followed a storm of obscenities that rained down upon poor Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 almost all the Ayramun joined in. Ayram stood silent, arms crossed, eyes delighting in realized vengeance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo bore their insults with the bearing of a bullied child who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard it all before. When the Ayramun inevitably tired themselves out, Obo stood up and smiled, almost gloating, and this triggered a roar of fury and renewed calls for the Obo\u8217\'92s head on a spike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram settled his people down with a shrill and sharp two-fingered whistle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He then turned to the cave from which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come and he shouted, \u8220\'93Elrahet!\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His voice was deep and sonorous, as only the manliest tones could claw their way out of his cavernous chest, and already echoed before they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d even left his lips, giving the unsettling impression that two men spoke at once..}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An old woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice came grumbling back from the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light, I\u8217\'92m coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A witch came hobbling out of the dark, clouded in a mass of ruffled black tatters, and leaning on a thigh-high cane of withered driftwood. She kept her shawled head downcast in deference, and with her spine as bowed as it was, she was no taller than Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She joined the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s circle, completing it. As soon as she was settled, Ayram worked his piercing gaze upon the rest of his people, and eventually his eyes landed on Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93Come here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty pushed Mandri up, and whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scuffled across the sand, passed a smirking Obo, and he stood before the giant, suddenly aware that everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s you\u8217\'92re name, boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at me, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked up and tried to find Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes amongst the clouds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You been crying, boy? \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are your eyes are red and witless, puffy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch stepped forward, steadied herself on her gnarled cane and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His body has not recovered from death. His face is still stuffed with blood.\u8221\'94 The shadow of her cowl hid a sneering squint that folded so much age around her eyes that the eyes themselves were little more than black seeds thumb-pressed into her sockets. And those seeds were moving, they flitted underneath those wrinkles, studying the outline of Mandri\u8217\'92s figure as if they could see the smell of death exuding out of him. Eventually they fixed on his wounded arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How is it?\u8221\'94 she asked flatly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri raised his poulticed wrist. The sight of it alone was sickening, for the once-white linen was stained brown and black, and tufts of rotted vegetative matter sprouted out between the gaps in the slap-dash wrapping, and oozing out alongside was a dark, unsightly ooze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t feel a thing,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered as he turned it over, marveling at the incongruity between sight and feeling. Indeed, he felt nothing at all, not only an absence of pain, but an absence of anger, too\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these bandits had cut off his hand and he didn\u8217\'92t much care, though that probably had something to do with Ayram\u8217\'92s intimidating presence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s bad,\u8221\'94 the witch corrected. \u8220\'93He must feel the hand to work it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s no matter,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, inflecting his words with encouragement as he set his own great hand upon Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulder. He then turned Mandri around to face Obo and the rest of the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want you to command it,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You have been made this Mazid\u8217\'92s Minder. Command it to kneel to me. If you command it to do anything other than kneel, I\u8217\'92m going to crush your spine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand shifted to the back of Mandri\u8217\'92s neck. The calloused weight of it swallowed Mandri\u8217\'92s own soft and sinewy self, and when Ayram gave a slight, yet terrifying squeeze, Mandri nearly yelped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, I just\u8230\'85tell him to kneel?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had seen a Minder only once before, and that was a fleeting glimpse. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never seen a Minder voice a command. His own word was never enough to compel anyone to do anything, so why it should work now was a mystery. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell the creature to kneel,\u8221\'94 Ayram urged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pale skin was blinding in the brightness of noon-day sun. Mandri stared, and like some god-touched idiot he tried to summon some guiding sensation which might uncover some hidden instinct, if indeed he had been endowed with such a thing, but all he felt was the weight of Ayram\u8217\'92s hand on the back of his neck. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took a deep breath, steadied himself, and hoping to get it over with, he issued a soft but direct, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel.\u8221\'94 It was a command, but a pleading one, almost apologetic. While that was the only kind of command that Mandri respected, it did not have the desired effect. Obo did not move. Instead, he cocked his ear and asked, \u8220\'93Could you say that again? I didn\u8217\'92t quite catch your meaning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri risked an over-the-shoulder glance at the giant who towered up behind him. All he could see of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head from this angle was that bread-loaf beard, as well as a sharp nose poking out it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He seems he doesn\u8217\'92t want to kneel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram squeezed Mandri neck again and bellowed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was no command. Puff out your chest! Say it with conviction. Think of yourself as a fat Junkite Queen hungry for meat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Mandri could do any of this, the witch Elrahet ambled into view. Her legs knees slapping the black tatters of her robe, sending the robe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ragged hem swinging to and fro. Her eyes still fretted over Mandri\u8217\'92s figure. She stood before him, between him and Obo, and she waved Ayram away with a flick of her knobby fingers. The giant grunted but obeyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then she began to circle Mandri as a vulture circles its meal. As she moved she mumbled a guttural speech devoid of natural pauses where she might take a breath, and this flow of mumblings had a stupefying effect, such that Mandri felt his thoughts and feelings leave him. By the second circling he was so far removed from the moment, that he almost didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see the witch\u8217\'92s right hand plunge into her ragged robes and emerge with a curved, golden knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was knife he had seen before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In fact, it looked exactly like the knife that the demon witch Pel had used to slaughter his ox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stare at the Mazid,\u8221\'94 Elrahet growled when she noticed him noticing her. \u8220\'93Think of nothing but the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri eyes instinctively flicked to Obo, but thinking of him was difficult to do because he had seen Elrahet lick her withered lips at the sight of his stomach. And she was holding that accursed knife. It was  in the light of the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at the Mazid!\u8221\'94 Elrahet snipped. \u8220\'93Nothing but the the Mazid! Nothing but the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She lashed out with her blade faster than Mandri could flinch, and the blade sliced the air right in front of his belly-button. Mandri stiffened up, an involuntary jerk, and now it was clear that this witch was ensorcelling him through her speech. He could actually feel Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grating words pulling his mind down out of its perch and into a pleasant quietness, where nothing existed but the sight of Obo. It was an effect he had felt before when he\u8217\'92d sipped too much juice from a rotted bushel of black-spotted burgeons, it was a narrowing of the world between Mandri and his object of interest. But the witch was not done. She continued to circle, and every time mumblings crescendoed into a witchy bark, she\u8217\'92d lash out with her blade and slash the air just above Mandri\u8217\'92s skin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 above his arm, his shoulder, right in front of his nose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and each time Mandri felt some part of himself snap, as if every time she cut the air she cut one of his desires, unmooring his mind the future so that it would drop a little further down into this trance. Soon it seemed that the only functional parts of him were his legs, which kept him standing, and his vision, though that, too, was blurring, as the limestone pit had dissolved into a whitish pucker behind Obo\u8217\'92s unfinished face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A strange, bald face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It needed eyebrows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Command it to kneel,\u8221\'94 Elrahet snarled. \u8220\'93Shout it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An urge bubbled up out of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gut and he vomited out a shout, \u8220\'93Kneel!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The word that flew out of his mouth was not his own, or at least it seemed that way to his inner ear. He supposed it was magic, for the word shivered the sand underneath his feet, and a cool air blew up from nowhere and billowed the hem of his robe. And more than that, when the word passed out of his throat it seemed wrench at the Spark inside his stomach, and he wheezed as his insides twisted, doubling him over in pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he caught his breath he looked up, and Obo was still standing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The effort seemed to amused him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come now, Mandri,\u8221\'94 he said with a relaxed smile. \u8220\'93If you could command me, you could do it with a whisper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great hand gripped Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulder again and straightened him out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri clutched his stomach and nearly fainted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feel for your hand,\u8221\'94 Elrahet stressed as she waddled again into view. \u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 must}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  use your hand. Feel for the pulse in your fingers and squeeze.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She motioned for Mandri to raise his arm and he did, he held that weedy poultice out before him as she began again to circle. He struggled against the witch\u8217\'92s mumblings as they dragged him back down into her thrall. He aimed his handless wrist at the Obo as if it were a weapon, and his mind ricocheted off the monstrous thought that his movements were not his own and he plunged into a vision of his severed hand stuck inside Obo\u8217\'92s chest. His pale, dead fingers were squeezing a malformed slug of muscle that passed for a heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93KNEEL!\u8221\'94 He  screamed, and the concussive word rattled the pit\u8217\'92s chalky walls then rebounded right back at him, shaking his own hardened heart in its cage and speeding into the cave behind, echoing into unseen corridors, slamming into every dead end, sending faint rejoinders back out. That this powerful shout had come from him was the least incredible thing, for the air between himself and the Mazid was alive with a sprinkling of sand, as if his very shout had somehow thwacked the dusty ground between like an invisible whip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders jerked downwards, pulled by an unseen tether, and for a moment, it seemed as if he would kneel, but when the last echoing remnants of the Mandri\u8217\'92s command faded out of the air, the tension snapped, and Obo was still standing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost!\u8221\'94 said Obo, clearly surprised by the effort, an effort which had well and stolen all of Mandri\u8217\'92s strength. He wobbled and collapsed to his knees for his insides felt like they had imploded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 said Obo, a smirk playing on his lips. \u8220\'93Is that what you wanted me to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t breathe. He floundered in the sand, gasping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram strolled right on by and glowered over pale little Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you not kneeling?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo stood defiant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not kneeling because I don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram pointed down at Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is your Minder, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is,\u8221\'94 Obo answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why are you not kneeling?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His will is weak,\u8221\'94 Obo said as if it were a matter of obvious fact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri buried his face into the crook of his arm as he cowered against the gawking stares of the Ayramun. His lungs felt stung by this anxious sense that they could not capture a full breath, nor would ever do so again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In truth,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93A Minder cannot command me to do anything. A Minder cannot command me, but they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 can}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  stop me from doing something they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want me to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram thought for a moment, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the difference between commanding you to kneel, and stopping you from standing? There is no difference. Kneel, or stop standing, I don\u8217\'92t care which.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of a Minder\u8217\'92s connection to a Mazid as a leash. Hrkan Minders are trained from birth to shorten that leash as much as possible, and with a short leash, yes, there is some measure control, but our Mandri does not have the right style of will for it. With him, my leash is quite long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram took time to chew on Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, and he took long enough that Mandri had recovered some sense of equilibrium. He peeked up from where he lay at the giant, and was frightened to see a  genuine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said to Obo, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why haven\u8217\'92t you split us all with Mazidfire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazidfire requires a Minder with the will to wield it. I have no control of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram stared blankly at Obo, weighing his words, then finally and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone toss me a dagger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A bone-handled dagger came flying into the center of the circle and buried itself in the sand near Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. Ayram picked it up, and the blade was no bigger than a butterknife when compared to Ayram\u8217\'92s hand. The giant set the blade\u8217\'92s edge up tight against the side of Obo\u8217\'92s neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel,\u8221\'94 he said brusquely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo was unmoved. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Threats of violence can no more compel me to action than a word from my new Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram rotated the dagger so that its sharp point was digging into Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s white skin. \u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t do what I want, then I have no use for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it Mazidfire you want?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is. But kneeling will do for now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I suggest you direct your attention towards your choice of Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram pushed the dagger\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tip into Obo\u8217\'92s flesh, more in curiosity than cruelty. It was a scene reminiscent of some sword-swallower\u8217\'92s trick\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the blade was inches deep in Obo\u8217\'92s neck, and while Obo\u8217\'92s whole body was tense his face was completely unconcerned. And when Ayram withdrew the blade, only a few drops of blood trickled out from the wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stepped forth once again and cleared her throat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If the boy can\u8217\'92t control the creature, I will find someone who will.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shrugged her away and he began to pace back and forth, slowly. His left hand clasped his right behind his back, and his right hand twirled the bone-handled blade like a toothpick in between dexterous fingers. It was a grand show of hard thinking, one which went on for far too long, though everyone was keen to indulge it. Eventually he stopped right before Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s downcast face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the toes of his leather boots were nearly the width of his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are free to speak,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri lay silent, then looked up and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want me to say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want you to tell me what\u8217\'92s wrong with you. Have you got a black Spark? Were you always soft, or did dying do that to you? It couldn\u8217\'92t have been a bad death because you\u8217\'92re all in once piece.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer, Ayram squatted down so that his great head blocked out the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ever killed anyone before?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shook his head no.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ever killed a goat? A pig? Anything bigger than a rat?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was a painter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram sighed and stood back up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course you were. And did my people explain to you what this is all about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need you to do something for me. I need you to use that Mazid to do something for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need you to summon Mazidfire to kill a demon. You know what a demon is, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not just any demon. It is the demon of demons. It is a beast called the Amalgamete.  If you are unwilling or unable to kill it, then I will find some other poke to make its Minder, and making a Minder means killing the current one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri took a deep breath and tried to adjust himself to this new and reality. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why choose me in the first place?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 said Ayram as he set his frustrated gaze upon Elrahet. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Sh}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 e did.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I may interject,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I have a potential solution to this little quandary we all find ourselves in.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked, feigning interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems that I have something you want, and you happen to have something I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I want you can\u8217\'92t give. You said so yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it is true that given present circumstances, I cannot control my fire, but if circumstances were to change\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get to the point, Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very well. How about a bargain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few chuckles rose from amongst Ayramun, and Mandri thought he knew why\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram was big enough to simply take what he wanted. Like Tob had said, everything here was his.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t bargain with Hrks,\u8221\'94 Ayram said bluntly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then don\u8217\'92t call it bargaining. We\u8217\'92ll share gestures of goodwill. We can start small, if you like. I would gladly kneel before you if you would only show me some kindness in return. I don\u8217\'92t ask for much, as kneeling is no great demand. Give me a mouthful of water and I will kneel. I will grovel, if you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How is this going to get me Mazidfire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guarantee you, I will kill whatever you want if you give me what I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram thought for a moment, then he snapped his fingers at one of the unnamed Ayramun and demanded their waterskin. The skin was tossed, Ayram snatched it out of the air, and he unplugged the cork then took a drink. His beard bulged as he swished the water around his mouth, and after he swallowed and smacked his lips he wondered aloud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know the Mazidai needed water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Obo answered. \u8220\'93Again, this is about demonstrating a principle. I am not asking for water so much as asking for a sign of goodwill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You first,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93Give us a gesture of goodwill, to demonstrate the principle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo promptly dropped to one knee and bowed his head. And there was no mockery in it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this bend of body and limb was honest, pure obeisance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful,\u8221\'94 Ayram mused as he took a moment to appreciate the gesture. \u8220\'93But it goes against my nature to give a Hrk water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He let the statement hang in the air, and when Obo raised his eyes in aggravation, Ayram tossed the waterskin. A chorus of mumbled grumbles sounded out as the waterskin, that sign of goodwill, flew through the air and landed against Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s genuflecting knee. Ayram silenced his people\u8217\'92s complaints with a glare, meanwhile Obo simply nodded his thanks and set the skin aside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what will it be, then?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked. \u8220\'93What will you take in exchange for hunting a beast?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want my freedom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laugh was a bellowing slap\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94. And when the sound finished ringing around the pit, he said with magnanimous charm, \u8220\'93Kill the Amalgamete, and I\u8217\'92ll let you run into whatever hole you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No holes,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I wish to be rid of this pseudospark which dwells inside my stomach. I wish to be freed from the Minder\u8217\'92s will which beats my heart. If I had my own bright Spark, then my body and will would be my own. Give this to me, and I would use my fire to kill whoever, or whatever, you wish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow jumped into an incredulous arc. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been mistaken for a god before, but never Solraheen Himself. Forge a Divine Spark? That\u8217\'92s impossible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo pointed to Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was awake in the cave when your witch breathed a Spark into that boy\u8217\'92s body, so I know it is possible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All eyes swiveled to Mandri, who still lay sprawled in the center of the circle. He shrank within his robe, as these Ayramun eyes were spiteful, more spiteful than any he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever seen because they\u8217\'92d been fixed that way over years of squinting against the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you could infuse Mandri\u8217\'92s corpse with a Spark, then do the same for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram turned to his scarecrow witch. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell the Mazid that it\u8217\'92s impossible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet had been standing perfectly still through all of this. Her eyes and mind lingered a pinky finger longer on Mandri, then, in an unsettling turn, they flicked away to scour Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I cleansed the boy\u8217\'92s Spark,\u8221\'94 she said gruffly. \u8220\'93I did not breathe him a new one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It can\u8217\'92t be done,\u8221\'94 said Ayram firmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not say it could not be done,\u8221\'94 Elrahet growled as her hand twisted tight on the knobby head of her sand-smoothed cane. To Mandri\u8217\'92s great surprise, she even savored a sneer at her leader. \u8220\'93A Mazid is a kind of creature for which no true Spark exists. Giving it a Spark would require a sacrifice greater than any here can summon. Better to wring the will out of the boy. That, or we find another Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Agreed,\u8221\'94 said Ayram before turning to Obo and adding, \u8220\'93Even if she could do it, we cannot trust you.\u8221\'94 Then he beckoned to his followers and barked, \u8220\'93Moto and Tob! Come hold it flat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Big bush Tob and an athletic Zosan man stood up and rushed over to the kneeling Obo. They grabbed him and laid him flat on the sand. Tob threw punches and elbows even though Obo did not resist. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Settle down Tob,\u8221\'94 Ayram griped after Tob spat up a chunk of smoke-blacked spit onto Obo\u8217\'92s face. Tob grinned at Ayram\u8217\'92s chiding remark, though he did settle down as Ayram wandered back towards the cave and pulled from its shadows a giant blackened iron bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This bar was one solid piece of metal, taller than Ayram by a head. At its top, the iron splayed out into a chisel, while at the bottom, the iron belled out into a sphere the size of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s giant fist. Ayram gripped its octagonal haft and twirled the bar once as if it were as light as an oilwood spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I can\u8217\'92t make you kneel on my own terms,\u8221\'94 he said to Obo, \u8220\'93Then you won\u8217\'92t need your legs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He marched towards Obo with menace in his step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no need for this,\u8221\'94 Obo protested, but Ayram was a man who could be moved. He said, \u8220\'93If the Minder can\u8217\'92t mind, then what\u8217\'92s there to stop you from running away when no one\u8217\'92s looking? No. We\u8217\'92ll all be more comfortable this way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He raised his spear above Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thigh, and Mandri shut his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 While Mandri could hide from the sight of such a gruesome affair, he could not hide from the sound. When the chisel-head stabbed into Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flesh it snapped the bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Obo did not cry out. Mandri, stunned, sneaked a peek, and there nearby was the Zosan, Moto, steadying Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left hip as he hacked at the broken leg with his sword. Tob then pulled the leg away, dragging out a mess of blood and stringy tendons. They repeated this work on Obo\u8217\'92s other leg to the sound of cheering Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Through it all, Obo made no sound, and when it was over, and he was legless, Ayram raised his iron bar and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone bag the Mazid up! Bag everything up. It\u8217\'92s time to walk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the Ayramun jumped up and grabbed their things. They shuffled past Mandri and into darkness of the cave. Forty stopped at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side and helped him up. She told him to follow the others. As Mandri walked, he glanced back towards Obo, whose blood-stub of a body was a frightful sight laying there in the sand, and just as Mandri\u8217\'92s heart was strafed by the shame of somehow having caused all this, Obo caught his eye, smiled, and gave him another wink, before promptly shutting his eyes for another long sPel of pretending to be unconscious.}}