{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That canoe reveal last night was big for me. It cleared up a great deal of confusion clouding a rather painful period. It was quite remarkable how, all of a sudden, things which I thought would never make sense snapped into focus. I guess this is what people call closure. But there are still some things which you-thinking-that-I-tried-to-Harvey-Weinstein-you does not quite explain, and so I need you to fill in some details.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 PLEASE indulge me here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I think it might also be helpful for you because this might help clear up some confusion you may have regarding my behavior back then. Some comments you made suggested that you have a, lets say, incomplete understanding of who I was back then. That is not your fault, I was very good at covering up, but also, I assumed you knew certain things, I assumed everyone did, but maybe fucking not. I was, and probably still am, bad at communicating. After last night\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s revelation, it should go without saying that absolutely nothing should go without saying. \line \line I apologize for the length.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Also, this is all going to come off as me being very vulnerable, but I have gotten over this stuff a long time ago, at least, everything except for the weird confusion surrounding our \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91blue period\u8217\'92.\line \line Also, my entire youth is a bit of a tragic blur so I am very uncertain of timing and details, and may have memory holed important things, so I am going to lean your memory, so if I get anything wrong or skewed, pipe up. \line \line But before that, I noticed in your \u8216\'91snapshot of mike from 17 years ago\u8217\'92 you did not include severely troubled. Again, this is not your fault, I was very good at covering things up. But I also assumed you knew something of this. \line \line I was very troubled from a very young age. I was bullied *severely*, basically nonstop, essentially until Jeff reached the 12th grade and smoked a bunch of weed (I remember you mentioning once that you and your sister had some LEGENDARY catfights).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A snapshot of little-boy-mike: when I was 6 or 7, my big emotions got too big after a particularly cruel harassment campaign. I couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t go complain to mom because mom was napping and if you wake her up, you get in trouble. So, I instead run to the closet and try to hang myself with a belt. There was no real danger here, the lower bar was only 3 feet off the ground and I didn\u8217\'92t know how this was supposed to go down. But at some point, Jeff figures out I\u8217\'92m in the closet, and he\u8217\'92s probably thinking, \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that little snot doing in there I\u8217\'92m going to flay him alive\u8221\'94 (I\u8217\'92ve since asked him about this event and he doesn\u8217\'92t remember it at all, so who knows what he was thinking), but he yanks open the door, sees what I\u8217\'92m doing, screams \u8220\'93MOM!\u8221\'94, and the runs off towards her room. I immediately stop what I\u8217\'92m doing and run after him to contest any accusations. Mom doesn\u8217\'92t want hear about it, as we have woken her up from her nap, and now we are both in trouble.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Woe is me. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel too bad because whatever pain I was going through I revisited on my younger brother, and he did in kind to me with what tools were available to him, given he was smaller.\line \line  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Okay, moving on to the more relevant chapter: Mike and Girls and Keswick. This is going to explain a lot, I feel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Parents enroll me in a keswickian summer school program to introduce me to the school, hopeful that I would make some friends before the new school year. I think(?) I was entering the 5th grade. Might have been 6th. There was only one other boy there my age, a cool guy named Greg I-wanna-say-Spears. Might be way off on that last name. I think he might have transferred to a different school before you knew him. Very skinny, kinda goofy looking, blond hair, athletic, skimboarder (I hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet started skimming). We hit it off. He showed me all around the school. Told me what to expect, really great kid, solid, nice friendly kid. At some point, the subject of girls came up. Greg cataloged for me all the hot ones. The hottest he said, the one all guys fawn for, was a girl named, I-wanna-say-Katy. Her name wasn\u8217\'92t Katy but it was something like it. She also might have transferred to a different school before you got there. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now, Greg had built Katy up into something of a goddess. So my expectations were high, but in my mind, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m like, steer well clear of her, because she\u8217\'92s Greg\u8217\'92s business. I assumed he was head over heels for her.\line \line Schoolyear comes around. For me its all new, new school, lots of excitement. At some point I take stock of the girls, as one does. Of course I\u8217\'92m comparing them all to Greg\u8217\'92s notes. Katy does not live up to the hype. She\u8217\'92s attractive, sure, but she\u8217\'92s almost anorexic, and very short, sort of mousey looking. Not my type. But there was one attractive girl who wasn\u8217\'92t even on Greg\u8217\'92s list: Morgan Tapia. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now, interjection - you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been reading a lot of porn lately so I feel compelled to point out that at this point I was no lustful, keening, ravager. I\u8217\'92m a good little Christian boy who\u8217\'92s probably never even heard the word lust. I don\u8217\'92t even really feel it yet. Throbbing, twitching puberty is still a little bit off. At this point, all I really know is that girls are cute, and boyfriend and girlfriend is something people do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, maybe halfway through the school year, I ask Morgan if she wants to be my girlfriend. She says yes. We do not \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91like-like\u8217\'92 eachother. For both of us, its clear the whole bf-gf thing is completely alien. Though, she has hit puberty by this point because I remember an AIM chat where she confessed to being obsessed with Vinn Diesel, and she wanted to lick his entire body all over. Of course, I was like, none of those words are in the bible. This relationship lasted a week. She broke up with me over AIM (our only real method of communication, we didn\u8217\'92t even talk in real life). To her credit she wanted to make sure I wouldn\u8217\'92t be upset, and of course I wouldn\u8217\'92t be, it was all very boring to me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 HOWEVER}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It turns out that Greg did not give one flying fuck about Katy. It turns out that Greg excluded Morgan Tapia from the list of hot girls for a very good reason: he was head over heels for her, and had been for a long while. Upon hearing the news that I had swooped in and stolen his soul mate, he was absolutely CRUSHED. I mean just fucking broken. It was BAD. This is why he transferred schools before (I think) you ever met him. Needless to say, our friendship was ruined. He HATED me. And my god, I hated myself. I did not intend to hurt this guy. I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know he liked her, he never told me. And I didn\u8217\'92t care one jot about Morgan. I wouldn\u8217\'92t have done it, I didn\u8217\'92t know. The one thing I hate more than being hurt is hurting other people like that. So, put this little bite-sized bit of trauma in your pocket.\line \line My second \u8220\'93girlfriend\u8221\'94 was Chelsea Wozniak. Attractive, but completely ordinary in every other respect. Like you couldn\u8217\'92t find a more basic bitch if you cast a net at a Taylor Swift concert (No offense if you\u8217\'92re Swifty. And probably this isn\u8217\'92t true about her. I\u8217\'92m just writing like Emily Henry here, building quirk through playful, but actually assholish judgment of surface things). But at this point puberty has HIT me. It\u8217\'92s 6th grade (I\u8217\'92m pretty sure). So she\u8217\'92s not just some girl, she\u8217\'92s a goddess walking the earth which I must pursue. Really, I don\u8217\'92t know one thing about her. But when she looks my way, I ask her to be gf, she accepts with a giggle. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Keep in mind, my the rest of my life is a wreck. Very, very low self-esteem from all the constant bullying, which now included every single asshole Jeff could rally to his cause (Bryce/Brandon/Jared/That douchey asian guy who was very athletic, tan, had a weird bowl cut at one time..think his name started with a J/everyone/people in my own grade were largely free of Jeff\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s influence, so that was nice). So I feel pretty isolated. And puberty is hitting, and there\u8217\'92s this girl, and I\u8217\'92m pouring all my hopes and dreams into her even though we\u8217\'92ve barely spoken a word.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That relationship lasts two weeks. See, I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to do in a relationship. What did we do? We chatted on AIM for an hour two each day. We went on one \u8216\'91date\u8217\'92, a movie where her mom tagged along and we just sat there and, if you can believe it, actually watched the movie instead of kissing or fondling eachother. Because in my mind, that\u8217\'92s what you do when you go to the movies, you watch the movie. She was clearly expecting differently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line After two weeks, she broke up with me, and the next day I find out she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seeing Jared DiMaggio. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For me, this was the final straw. There were a number of straws which I haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mentioned for the sake of brevity. Like I\u8217\'92m presenting all this from the perspective of \u8216\'91girls\u8217\'92 for narrative convenience. There\u8217\'92s a lot going on between family, religion, etc. At any rate, I try to kill myself. I scoop a bunch of pool water into a gallon jug, and I try to help it down with some cookies. It doesn\u8217\'92t work, I just get really fucking sick. I try to hide it from my parents, but they find out, largely because after I get better, I still refuse to go back to school.\line \line I am severely depressed. Parents are like \u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 but they\u8217\'92re clearly thinking this is some sort of mood swing and in that a few days I\u8217\'92ll be back. But it\u8217\'92s not a mood swing. I am bed-ridden for quite a while. Months pass. I become a truant. Parents are like, \u8220\'93you have to go to school, its illegal not to.\u8221\'94 They suggest enrolling me in Madeira Middle. I don\u8217\'92t want to go. They drop the issue because a cop (I learn later) advises them not to do that because when a depressed kid goes to a new school, evidently the only kids who won\u8217\'92t make fun of them and will accept them are the drug heads, so unless you want your son to become an addict, don\u8217\'92t do that. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They take me to therapy. I learn much later that the therapist chewed out my mom. Lol. In the end, parents opt for homeschooling, so homeschooling it is. That sits fine with me because there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s very little schooling involved in homeschooling. I just sort of fiddled around on the internet all day. It\u8217\'92s then that I discovered a website called worth1000, a photoshop contest website. I learn how to use photoshop to comp together images and I post them up. I also discover a website called conceptart.org. On it was a community of artists and illustrators, highest caliber, producing art that I didn\u8217\'92t know was humanly possible. And you could actually talk to them. This was the glory days of the internet. But all that is a separate story.\line \line So seventh grade rolls around, and my parents are pleading with me to go back to KCS. But why the fuck would I? It is made known to me that if I just take two classes, I can play JV football. I grew up playing football, enjoyed it, and so this prospect appeals to me because my depression has subsided enough to find things appealing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 NOW,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line When did you start attending keswick? I think you did like 2 classes in 6th grade and then went full time in seventh? All I remember is singing beatle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s songs with you in probably-a-lesbian\u8217\'92s 7th grade (?) science classroom. Pure bliss. It wasn\u8217\'92t at all that much a romantic/lustful thing (though you were beautiful), you were just a comfort. It was like you were from an alien world, separate from all the angst. I guess this is the sort of experience pixie-dream-girl movies are based on. Of course puberty is pumping and I soon develop feelings. So, later half of 7th grade (?) I enroll full time because there you are. Maybe that was 8th? Maybe were both only taking 2 classes at the same time and then\u8230\'85I don\u8217\'92t fucking remember, help.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a complication. You see, other boys like you. Remember that story about Greg I-wanna-say-Spires? Pull that one out of your pocket. Well, one of the boys who likes you is Brandon mother-fucking Macguire. He\u8217\'92s head over heels for you. I see it in his eyes, the way he talks about you. He\u8217\'92s been an absolute asshole to me and basically every other kid at keswick with low self esteem (If I ever hear someone say, \u8220\'93Why are you so serious?\u8221\'94 after bullying someone to the point of tears, I will throw that \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m-only-joking\u8221\'94 fuckwad into a volcano). But Brandon, even him, I don\u8217\'92t want to see broken up over a girl. I\u8217\'92ve been there (so I think), and its too much. No one deserves that fate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line So, from you I keep a reserved distance. We talk, laugh, clearly like eachother, I mean I know you like me more than Brandon, but I can never get over that hangup and actually approach you. \line \line Continuing on\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\line \line To the canoe \u8220\'93ambush\u8221\'94 (my GOD)\u8230\'85\line \line Was that in the 10th grade? I think 10th, right?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whenever it was, what preceded it, by many months, was Brandon flipping his attentions to Kacie Connor. Now he was talking about her the same way he was talking about you: soulmate, always been obsessed, most beautiful girl in the world, can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t live without her, etc. She did not return his affections. At some point (I think?) he switched back to you. These days he runs a Christian apologetics youtube channel, called, if you can believe it, \u8220\'93Daily Dose of Wisdom\u8221\'94, and it garners millions of views. If I let it, this fact would drive me into a deep and persistent nihilism.\line \line Anyways, Brandon\u8217\'92s fickleness forced me to realize, \u8220\'93What the fuck am I doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I decide to ask you out.\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It takes some time and courage to do so, because I was afraid of ruining our happy little moments. But as I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m absolutely certain you like me as much as I like you, I know I should just go for it. But what should we do for a date? Well I know this nice spot, a canoe trip away, some shallows where you can just rest and be in the sun and chill. Perfect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m fretting over when and where to ask you out. I need to catch you alone somehow, but all our time is spent together socially, in class mostly. But yes, I catch you in the library. I think you\u8217\'92ve been expecting this. Insert some insipid Emily Henry description of my heart flushing and my blood pounding in my head. I ask you out. You say yes. I am relieved and I move to leave, but before I do, I catch a glimpse of you giggling with Dallace Hubble. I\u8217\'92m thinking you\u8217\'92re saying to her, \u8220\'93He finally asked me out! But its a stupid canoe trip\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But ah. Ohhhh. What specific words did I use to invite you? Because OH MY GOD}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe instead of saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, I want to ask if you wanted to go on a canoe trip with me on saturday,\u8221\'94 I said, \u8220\'93I wanted to ask if you wanted to go on a canoe trip on saturday.\u8221\'94 The version missing the \u8216\'91with me\u8217\'92 might imply a group aspect, but even then, how many people did you think fit in a canoe? Or did you think it would be a \u8220\'93Hey, everyone grab your canoe lets get this armada going down the inlet?\u8221\'94\line \line This miscommunication is fucking hilarious, but that was damned day. I get it now, though. You clamming up finally makes sense because what kind of weirdo tricks a girl into a date? Listen, I\u8217\'92m weird, but I\u8217\'92m weird in *completely* different ways. At the time I assumed that you thought canoe dates were silly or beneath you or something. Chiefly I assumed that you were waiting for me to express my affection for you on that date, and when I didn\u8217\'92t do that because of the vibes you were putting out, you got upset. It is fucking WILD that the truth is closer to some absurd rom-com plot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But.\line \line It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make complete sense of everything because, if I recall correctly, (and remember, I am doubting everything about my memory here), after that canoe trip I was like, okay, I guess she doesn\u8217\'92t like me. It was unbelievable that could be true because of the connection we had over the years, but I believed it.  Because what else could possibly explain it? So imagine my surprise when, the next school day, as I am despondent, you sit right down next to me in math class, like usual, cherry as ever, and now we\u8217\'92re giggling and laughing. But its not the same to me because now I am TERMINALLY confused. Again I could easily be misremembering timing and events but that was the general theme of this period - does she like me or not? What the hell is happening here? Believe me,  I know that I was incommunicator par excellance so I played my role. I should have just asked what was up. I was always hopeful because at times it would be giddy, and then all of sudden, I don\u8217\'92t know, here comes the super cold shoulder. At some point I did work up the courage to clarify things\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this took the form of calling your house and asking if you wanted a relationship or not, and you said pretty quickly, no.\line \line \line Last night you hinted your homeschooling left you essentially gimped in the whole social expectations department. So now I\u8217\'92m wondering if maybe I\u8217\'92d read that period all wrong and that you were completely uninterested in me post-canoe, and you didn\u8217\'92t realize the effect your congeniality had on me. But that doesn\u8217\'92t make much sense because you seemed so goddamn sad in my general direction after that call. I\u8217\'92d even use the word heartbroken. But that doesn\u8217\'92t make sense either because if you liked me that much, why did you say \u8216\'91no\u8217\'92? I was heartbroken, I know it probably didn\u8217\'92t seem that way to you, because I was making a concerted effort to appear SUPER normal. I was doing a whole \u8216\'91Daphne\u8217\'92 thing were I was like, \u8220\'93she has rejected me and I am dead, but I must appear to have grown and become better from this so that she won\u8217\'92t know she has complete power over me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Help me understand what the hell was going on there. Chastise me if I have skewed events to make myself seem better than I was. I need some closure on this.\line \line I also have some rather amusing stories of other keswick girls which I know you will enjoy, but I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m saving that for after this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}