{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 To start, please disregard the other commentator who said this felt like AI, it is obviously not.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b1\i0 Characters:}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The machine was interesting, however, I did not quite get a clear image of what it looked like. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m assuming it\u8217\'92s humanoid? As far as vibe, I thought it was an amoral killer. Scary, but no malice. Slaughtering the humans, then making friends with the mouse is a nice contrast. There was one line which didn\u8217\'92t sit right with me: \u8220\'93The thing thought for a moment, unsure what to do, then it sliced its limbs back into its body\u8221\'94. Is the machine really capable of \u8216\'91being unsure\u8217\'92? I think that line gives the game away if you\u8217\'92re trying to thread that needle between \u8216\'91machine doing machine things\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91conscious agent capable of understanding consequence, and choosing\u8217\'92. Maybe something like, \u8220\'93the machine calculated\u8230\'85\u8217\'92, instead of \u8216\'91thought\u8217\'92, to show that its killing mode is very much a programmed aspect.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b1\i0 Did you want more?}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Yes and no. I was interested in the questions which were raised about the world\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s lore and the machine\u8217\'92s place in it. However, the drip feed of lore maybe left my mouth a little too dry. And the prose, while functional, did not bring the world alive for me.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b1\i0 Use of 'the thing', 'the machine' etc.}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 My take on this is stick with one, and commit. It will feel more intentional, and a sense that the author is being intentional makes me want to give them more room to play around. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d say keep this particular part vague, \u8220\'93the thing\u8221\'94, or \u8220\'93the machine\u8221\'94, because this is the post-apocalypse; it has lost its true name, like everything else. Perhaps at some point it could be given a name as a part of its character development.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b1\i0 STORY:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 I enjoyed the story. I was a little confused about the pile of metal which was calling to the machine, and the machine\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s response to it. The machine is trying to rescue other machines; it finds a pile of them in the tunnel, dead and dying, and\u8230\'85.what? I feel there needs to be a clarifying moment, either before or after the slaughter, which articulates, beyond a simple rescue, what the machine is trying to accomplish. Because when the slaughter is over, the bodies of those other machines are still there, but the machine gets distracted by the mouse and just leaves. Why? I know there\u8217\'92s some internal protocol which the machine can\u8217\'92t ignore, and that\u8217\'92s what guided it into the tunnel in the first place, but as a reader I want more than that to keep going. Did the protocol turn off? Or, was some specific condition not met to resume rescue operations? I feel like I need some small concrete detail which promises a much larger world of motivations to hook me.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 Prose:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You paint in broad strokes very nicely. But, for me, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a big problem with the details and descriptors being too vague, or imprecise. The opening, for example, is just not tight enough. The first impression has gotta be super tight, or else its going to make the reader skeptical.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 >\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Lichen, moss, and trees start to come back first, crawling like a baby left to roam.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Lichen crawling like a baby? That lichen is moving way too fast. Moss crawling like a baby? Moss hangs. Trees crawling? I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t mean to say we can\u8217\'92t be poetic, but its gotta be precise. Vegetation regrowing in all the nooks and crannies that only an unattended baby would find is an interesting notion, but I feel the particular sentence you\u8217\'92ve chosen doesn\u8217\'92t quite nail that meaning.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 > Things start to become overgrown: flipped cars charred by riots, broken glass from storefronts blown away by wind or washed into old sewers by rains.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Here you tell, and then you show what you tell. This is redundant. Delete the telling, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Things start to become overgrown:\u8221\'94, and then show the \u8216\'91overgrown\u8217\'92: \u8220\'93Flipped cars, charred by riots, are now driven by ferns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 >\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 that the thing sat. It was a polished thing. Uncanny in the lush greens, muddied browns, and specks of color from flowers just starting to bloom. A layer of dew sat on the metal surface, bouncing rays of light in every direction. The thing moved, rumbling to life with a mechanical whir. Then it sputtered. The sputtering machine was like a cough: raspy and drawn out as it tried to brace itself against the ground.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 So, here we get into descriptions being too vague. The thing is made of polished metal. But what kind of metal? Different metals can convey wildly different visuals. Bronze, titanium, steel, etc. And then, its polished, which suggests fancy and new, but based on the sputtering cough, it seems like it has a combustion engine, and elsewhere, rust is dripping down it, and its also covered in dents and burns? Also, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93the machine was like a cough\u8221\'94? Was it \u8216\'91like\u8217\'92 a cough, or did it actually cough? Also, you say it braced itself against the ground, but how? Because its legs and arms haven\u8217\'92t yet sprouted out of its body. Back to the vague criticism: I\u8217\'92m needing some idea of its general shape. Is it cylindrical? Boxy? We just have \u8216\'91metal surface\u8217\'92, and a sense of some internal engine.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 >The dirt below its feet shook just enough to send insects scampering out of their holes and small critters to freeze. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 What kinds of insects? What kind of critters? These are vague words. Instantiate individual things instead of categories of things. A cockroach and a squirrel instead of an insect and a critter. It will help make the world feel more concrete.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 >Everything that was left in the city turned to the vibrating earth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t get more vague than \u8216\'91everything left in the city\u8217\'92. Want to paint an image? Describe this \u8216\'91everything\u8217\'92! The flies, the slugs, the flickering neon advertisement for sex, etc.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 >The thing felt a drive. Off in the distance there was a pull. Voices that were too quiet to make out urged it to move. They called for it.\~}{\f4\fs20\b0\i1 Help}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 So, first, there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s an issue of composition here. This passage is supposed to get the ball rolling: the thing is going to go on a rescue mission. But that ball gets picked up immediately in the next paragraph when the thing sets up to soak up some sun, then gets distracted by a mouse. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Second, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91The thing felt a drive\u8217\'92 is vague and uninteresting. You can apply the \u8216\'91show don\u8217\'92t tell\u8217\'92 rule of thumb here as well, if you wish, as telling a feeling is (usually) less interesting than showing it. What does it look like when the machine receives a message for help? Perhaps show the grip that the message it receives has on it by having it interrupt the action with the mouse.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 > It lifted an arm to its eyeline and pointed out into the street.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Not understanding what is being communicated here.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 > Ultraviolet light, infra-red, one by one it looked and saw nothing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91One-by-one\u8217\'92 is vague. Nerd out over the different optical systems.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 > The thing sent its foot down like a rocket. It smashed into the ground with a crunch. Dirt and pavement flew every which way and rained back down like the pitter-patter of a summer drizzle. The mouse scampered across the avenue, jumping from side to side, winding in and out of debris. The thing\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s arm snapped up and began to whir.\~}{\f4\fs20\b0\i1 Chuk. Chuk. Chuk.}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~It fired off a round of bullets at the mouse. Each shot reverberated throughout the city like a lone trumpet call.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Here we have an action scene, but the sentence construction doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really reflect that. They\u8217\'92re all similar in length and don\u8217\'92t convey a sense of suddenness, or frenzy. Try pruning words when the action is quick. E.g. \u8220\'93The thing sent its foot down like a rocket. Pavement crunched. Specks of asphalt tinged against its leg\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 And then you have, again, as you show it shooting, and then you say that it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shooting. \u8220\'93Chuk. Chuk. Chuk. Each shot reverberated throughout the city like a lone trumpet call.\u8221\'94 And as for the trumpet call, I feel its another imprecise metaphor. Because first off, we have three shots in quick succession, not exactly lone calls. And then I\u8217\'92m just not seeing how a gunshot and a trumpet\u8217\'92s call really line up. }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 >As the smoke cleared, the mouse was gone. Nothing came up as the thing scanned the avenue.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Be careful of redundancies. You mention that the mouse was gone twice here.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 >They were melted and fused to anything around them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Anything? What is anything? \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Anything\u8217\'92 is too vague.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Hopefully these thoughts help. I really do like the story. I think the basic composition is successful, its just that the prose needs a bit more hammering.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0}