{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THe sahara does not allow a neutral response; its mystery breathes life into even the stoniest of hearts that confront the desert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fvastness, terrible beauty and immesurable silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many deserts in one. Some named by inhabitatns, some by invaders, and other by foreign visitors, each have adistinct identity while at the same time being identifiably a part of the great edesert by their situation in the top third of hte african continent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Saharan scales and distances are vast; anything making up \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93only\u8221\'94 fifteen per cent of the desert\u8217\'92s surface will still take up a lot of space. If the area covered by the sahara\u8217\'92s sand dunes was laid over a mpap of europe it would cover virtuallly the whole of france, germany and spain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Going up the nile is like running the gauntlet before eternity. Till one has seen it, one does not realie the amazing thinnes of that damp trickle of life that steals along undefeated through the jaws of established death. A rifle-shot would cover the widest limits of cultivation, a bowshot would reach the narrower. Once beyond them a man may carry his next drink with him \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cliffs scored by abrasive sand in the wind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many of hte wadis continue to function as they are meant to, periodically filling with water funnelled along the channels after the infrequent rainfall tha tcomes to parts of the deert.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neither of these great rivers draws water from the desert itself but both rather rely on rainfall from wet highland areas in lands far beyound  the sahara\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s borders.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oases - depresions where water is able to break through - where exists some break or fissure in the earth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s surface that allows water to intrude on the land.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most fo the sahara isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sand, it is gravelled plains. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Saltpan. Chott el-djerid Saline marsh lake that more than 2,500 m2. Glistenening brialliant crystalline white. A startling sigh, lacking an outflow, either on the surface or underground through permeable rock, an rain that falls into these basins is permanently trapped there. Semi-hard crust that forms during the period of blistering weather.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like the chott el-djerid, the qattara depresion\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s surface is saline and unstable, although there are guids willing to lead interested parties along one or more of the basin\u8217\'92s more stable paths. Salinity in the soil makes agriculture impossible. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salt as a valuable commodity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Among the notable cities founded on salt are taoudenni in mali and bilma in niger, both of which have been centres of the salt trade for centuries. Whether through mining or harvesting from saltpans, the cargo was transported to the furthest ends of the sahara and beyond. At the height of these empires it was not unusual for the annual camel caravans to number in the tens of thousands.  Accounts of these trains from al-idrisi and Ibn battuta}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Desert melon ,but be warned, is a strong emetic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heinrich barth - no barbarian could have graven the lines with such astonishing firmness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Petroglyph - engravings/carvings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Atavistic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bubalus - giant buffalo extinct}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hunter period - showed hunting scenes, big animals}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Roundhead period - round head humans}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pastoral period - time when saharans domesticated cattle. Scale of herds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Horse and chariot period - wheeled vehicles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Camel period - stretching to present day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg. 16 number o hte engravings hunters \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93brazenly display monstrous phalluses\u8230\'85 in most cases it is easy to recognize, from the form and the colour of the line, that these are later additions to the rest of the figure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Distictve body parts are always the subject of ribald humor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lions, elephants and ostriches, he noted some distinctly obscene portrayals of humans. Of all the human figures proudly displaying ther sex, those engaged in acts of zoophilia have always provoked the sharpest intakes of breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bestiality is surprisingly common. Much more common in sahara than other regions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is still the case today that certain tribes  will engage in ritual copulation with antelopes they have just killed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cultural vandalism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vast holes gouged out in open pit mining}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the sahara grew drier and non-nilotic inhabitatnts learnt that things were geeener along the river, swelling numbers moved to settle inthe more ferile regions and this steep growth in population led directly to the emergence of the egyptian empire.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Herodotus:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So long as the earth gave them anything, the soldiers sustained life by eating the grass and herbs; but when they came to the bare sand, a portion of them were guilty of a horrid deed: by tens they cast lots for a man, who was slain to be the food of the others. When cambyses heard of these doings, alarmed at such cannibalism, he gave up his attack on ethiopia, and retreating by the way he had come, reached thebes, after he had lost vast numbers of soldiers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Garamites - slave trade to dig tunnels in limestone to get at the aquifer to sustain the city.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Squeak like bats}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg. 46}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Camels are only fit for a few countrise, and require practised attendants; thorn and rocks lame them, hills sadly impede them, an da wet slippery soil entirely stops them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 10 days without water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twice the load of an ox, twice its speed and greater distance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tertullian - the blood of the martyrs is the seed of the church.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Also invented trinity - and the concept of old and new testament.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Christian monasticism was a kind of response to persicution - flee into the desert, decided to stay there even after constantine.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why the desert is spiritual - it is away from the main thread, it is the place to which heretics flee and so it becomse a boiling lake of heretical thought.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thomas merton - the wisdom of the desert - we are all solitary beings who can benefit from time spent in solitary contemplation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Friends is great, but people are fundamentally alone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Uqba also founded the city of Kairouan, tunisia. Rendered from the arabic qayrawan, or caravan, the city was built on the site of an established campsite coming out of the desert.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Berber tribes put up resistance to Arab invaders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Saharan resistance among the berbers was substantial, if poorly organized and disunited. They recognized that the future did not lie in resisting this overwhelming force. THey made peace, but was under durress.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The most serious challeng to arab regional supremacy at this time was the uprising started in the 680s by the legendary tribal leader al-Kahina, the seer. Variously claimed as a Jewess and a Chrition and described as a witch or a sorceress, al kahina can be likened to a berber boudica who, through her bravery and a desire to see her tribe remain free of foreign domination, insipred others in a series of ultimately doomed revolts. Described as a beauty with the gift of prophecy, she put this last skill to good use, sendeing her sons to her arab enemies to be raised t obecome successful commanders of Arab armies, hence attaching some glory to the berbers from a story that is otherwise characterized by defeat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mohammed ibn hawqal map.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 IN the Muqaddimah, Ibn Khaldun writes: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 Places that succumb to the Arabs are quickly ruined because the Arabs are a nation fully accustomed to savagery and the things that cause it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hilalian invasion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We passed 10 days in discomfort there, because the water is brackish and the place is plagued with flies.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our guide was blind in one eye and diseased in the other, but he knew the route better than anybody else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}