{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 There are various forms of nominalism ranging from extreme to almost-realist. One extreme is\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 predicate nominalism}{\f0\fs24\b0 , which states that Fluffy and Kitzler, for example, are both cats simply because the predicate 'is a cat' applies to both of them. And this is the case for all similarity of attribute among objects. The main criticism of this view is that it does not provide a sufficient solution to the problem of universals. It fails to provide an account of what makes it the case that a group of things warrant having the same predicate applied to them.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominalism#cite_note-22"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 22]}}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Proponents of\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 resemblance nominalism}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~believe that 'cat' applies to both cats because Fluffy and Kitzler\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Similarity_(philosophy)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 resemble}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~an\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/exemplar"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 exemplar}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~cat closely enough to be classed together with it as members of its\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_kind"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 kind}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , or that they differ from each other (and other cats) quite less than they differ from other things, and this warrants classing them together.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominalism#cite_note-23"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 23]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Some resemblance nominalists will concede that the resemblance relation is itself a universal, but is the only universal necessary. Others argue that each resemblance relation is a particular, and is a resemblance relation simply in virtue of its resemblance to other resemblance relations. This generates an infinite regress, but many argue that it is not\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtuous_circle_and_vicious_circle"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 vicious}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominalism#cite_note-24"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 24]}}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Class nominalism}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~argues that class membership forms the metaphysical backing for property relationships: two particular red balls share a property in that they are both members of classes corresponding to their properties \endash  that of being red and of being balls. A version of class nominalism that sees some classes as "natural classes" is held by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthony_Quinton,_Baron_Quinton"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Anthony Quinton}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominalism#cite_note-25"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 25]}}}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conceptualism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Conceptualism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is a philosophical theory that explains universality of particulars as conceptualized frameworks situated within the thinking mind.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominalism#cite_note-26"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 26]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The conceptualist view approaches the metaphysical concept of universals from a perspective that denies their presence in particulars outside of the mind's perception of them.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominalism#cite_note-27"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 27]}}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Another form of nominalism is\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trope_nominalism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 trope nominalism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . A trope is a particular instance of a property, like the specific greenness of a shirt. One might argue that there is a primitive,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Objectivity_(science)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 objective}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~resemblance relation that holds among like tropes. Another route is to argue that all apparent tropes are constructed out of more primitive tropes and that the most primitive tropes are the entities of complete\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Physics"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 physics}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Primitive trope resemblance may thus be accounted for in terms of causal\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indiscernibility"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 indiscernibility}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Two tropes are exactly resembling if substituting one for the other would make no difference to the events in which they are taking part. Varying degrees of resemblance at the macro level can be explained by varying degrees of resemblance at the micro level, and micro-level resemblance is explained in terms of something no less robustly physical than causal power.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Malet_Armstrong"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 David Armstrong}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , perhaps the most prominent contemporary realist, argues that such a trope-based variant of nominalism has promise, but holds that it is unable to account for the laws of nature in the way his theory of universals can.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominalism#cite_note-28"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 28]}{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}{\f0\fs24\b0\super 29]}}}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ian_Hacking"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Ian Hacking}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~has also argued that much of what is called\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_constructionism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 social constructionism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of science in contemporary times is actually motivated by an unstated nominalist metaphysical view. For this reason, he claims, scientists and constructionists tend to "shout past each other".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominalism#cite_note-30"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 30]}}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mark Hunyadi characterizes the contemporary Western world as a figure of a "libidinal nominalism." He argues that the insistence on the individual will that has emerged in medieval nominalism evolves into a "libidinal nominalism" in which desire and will are conflated.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominalism#cite_note-31"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 31]}}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\super \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The answer, from a predicate nominalism perspective of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93universals\u8221\'94 is obvious - they derive from their utility. If it was not useful for you to describe them both as cats, you would not do this. See discussions about race, othering, etc. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Occam\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s razor is expressed in the sentence: \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Entia non sunt multiplicanda pr\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u230\'E6ter necessitatem}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 which means: Only in cases of extremest necessity are we allowed to assume the existence of hypothetical facts. If assumed facts are not absolutely indispensable, cut them off!}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Occam\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s razor was invented for a special purpose, that of cutting off the realistic hypostatisation of abstract ideas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I do not know which is more startling, that a realist in name, such as Mr. Peirce, should use a weapon forged by nominalists against realism, or that he whom in other respects we found in such a close contact with nominalistic methods, should not understand how to handle a nominalistic weapon.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Peirce uses Occam\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s razor to cut off statements and facts which make his pet theories dispensable; but he forgets that Occam\u8217\'92s\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 578]razor cuts off ideas only, and when it comes in contact with facts its edge is turned.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 possessing a sharp mind, but like many, when coming in contact with the facts, the edge is turned.}
\par\plain {Paul Carus - }{\f0\fs24\b0 His beliefs attempted to steer a middle course between idealistic\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Metaphysics"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 metaphysics}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Materialism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 materialism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . He differed with metaphysicians because they "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/reify#Verb"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 reified}}{\f0\fs24\b0 " words and treated them as if they were realities, and he objected to materialism because it ignored or overlooked the importance of form.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 It is claimed that Carus was dismissed by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orientalism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Orientalists}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and philosophers alike because of his failure to comply with the rules of either discipline}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super}