{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Morning came to Mandri like a brick. Not a hangover, it was the heavy lethargy of the deepest sleep. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat up, stretched his arms, and found himself back in the original temple basement. How he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d gotten there, he did not know. The previous night was a feverish sleep, and he wondered if his journey with the god\u8217\'92s eye burgeon was but a frightful dream. And he couldn\u8217\'92t have dreamed up what those burgeons had made him see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He closed his eyes and tried to remember.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was some kind of geometric pattern, shimmering lines of immanence extending out from his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then he realized that he was alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He opened his eyes again and saw that not a single Ayramun was present. Not even Obo was there, only the ashy coals of the fire, and the lingering smell of smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri startled to, jumped up, thinking he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been left behind. His sleep crusted eyes were able to filter through the dim blue light of morning and see that the Ayramun\u8217\'92s packs were still there. He hadn\u8217\'92t been left behind, he\u8217\'92d been left out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked around and saw that the hole in the wall that he and Seb had passed through in the night was indeed there. He figured that maybe the Ayramun had gone into it, to some secret chamber, but as he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a light to follow, he decided instead to climb the ladder and see what was going on outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hoped they were up there having breakfast. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He climbed up the ladder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rungs and found that his legs were remarkably lively. Only a hint of the soreness that he\u8217\'92d been dreading.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Must have been the burgeons. He decided to ask Seb about it once he got the chance, and maybe ask how he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ended up . Maybe it was best to pretend that he remembered everything, including walking back himself, because he didn\u8217\'92t want to give Seb the idea that he couldn\u8217\'92t handle those burgeons. He wanted to try them again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he pulled himself up onto the cobbled stone of the temple floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was no altar or kneeling stone. Only that hole in the ground with the ladder. Maybe there was a dead desert father in a crypt down below. Before Mandri could wonder too long, he heard faint voices whispering the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped out of the temple and onto the sandy dirt, and he saw, on top a hill to the west, the Ayramun. The were all there, standing with backs turned, facing the wrong way if they wanted to watch the rising sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri scrambled up the hill to join them, and as soon ,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There appeared a heavy cloud in the distant west, which was black towards the horizon, but this cloud was a churning pillar, a super-cell the size of several mountains, and its upper reaches pierced the shadow of world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge and so that the sunlight lit it red against the fading of the night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gasped at the awesome magnificence. Little westwind zephyrs tickled his skin, and this humbling awe he was faded into a prickling terror as he realized the storm was coming right for him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was standing next to him, and he chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it\u8217\'92s quite a development, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was more than a development. It was the mythical Mukghal, the vengeful wind. It was a favorite subject for many a desert landscape painter. And though there were many, the images they made all came out looking the same - walls of sand in lurid purple, lit up by jagged spears of lightning. Twisting funnels creeping down towards the ground, in the foreground, a sympathetic figure, a human or a green, trembling tree. The point to put the audience there, to suggest the scale, because naturally, the meager frame of the canvas could not truly mimic the real thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri always accepted that these painting had a certain appeal, but he also always suspected that the reason all of these paintings fit a certain style was because none of these artists had actually seen a Mukghal with their own eyes, and so they were just copying eachother. What Mandri saw before him now would stun the world if put down in paint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But this was nature. It couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be put down in paint. Even if it could, it\u8217\'92d still be missing the scale. The absurd scale. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo was there up on that hill, sitting next to Seb. He was as taken by the sight of the Mukghal as everyone else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is unnatural,\u8221\'94 he said. Mandri looked at Obo and saw a seriousness in the Mazyd\u8217\'92s expression that he didn\u8217\'92t think was possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb hocked a wad of borcandi juice at Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robes. He said, \u8220\'93Of course it\u8217\'92s natural. Everything that happens is natural.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo was undeterred. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s coming from an impossible direction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto looked down at Obo, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would you know about it?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve read every book and scroll that accounts the weather in this part of the world, and every Mukghal for the past thousand years was born abreast the Gonigal Sea. They form when the high Gohal winds stop blowing - it\u8217\'92s like taking the lid off a pot of steaming water. And the Gonigal Sea is four days to the south. And that\u8217\'92s not to mention that Mukghals certainly don\u8217\'92t look like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Clearly, they do look like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever been caught in a Mukghal?\u8221\'94 Obo asked him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Have you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have. And it wasn\u8217\'92t a solid wall of sand racing across the desert. The first thing I knew of it was when my own dust overtook me. Then it was a mist of sand, and as it rolled by I was swallowed up in red haze, and what\u8217\'92s more is that I survived it. If I\u8217\'92d been caught in a thing like that, then the whipping sand would have lashed the flesh from my bones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All those books in Jeket, and I guess you don\u8217\'92t know shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, how should such a storm take form over mountains? I\u8217\'92d be interested to hear how you finesse this discrepency.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Elrahet who answered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It formed in the west because it\u8217\'92s not a Mukghal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto looked at the witch with bewildered eyes, and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled, and then she turned her back on the storm and everyone else and began to waddle down the hill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Moto asked, but she didn\u8217\'92t deign to answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto turned to Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram, who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been brooding at the sight of the great storm, grunted, then said, \u8220\'93If Elrahet knows, and no one else does, then it\u8217\'92s probably got to do with the blood-ripe stomachs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are we going to do?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t possibly travel with that storm on our heels.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram gave Seb annoyed tsk, despite the fact that he agreed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll stay down in the hole and pray these hills don\u8217\'92t get swallowed up by sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That would throw off our timing. Hrks might reach the before us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They might.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We could always try the paths under the earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet, who had made it down to the bottom of the hill, heard what Purl said, and shouted back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No tunnels!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s got to be another way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We could try for the Kari plain,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shook his head and stroked his beard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could try the Goree Pass,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Goree Pass\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ayram muttered, his fingers twirling the tips of his beard like they were weaving a fresh idea. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Goree will never work,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It could work.\u8221\'94 said Seb. Mandri waited for the grungy man to expound upon his argument, but Seb just stood there and looked at Ayram like a dog waiting to be fed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If those demon children can track the Mazyd from anywhere, then they\u8217\'92ll sense his coming and be at the Goree Pass long before we get there.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram was now clawing at his beard. Mandri was amazed at how the hairs sprung back into that bread-loaf shape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe they won\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why wouldn\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this storm curves north once it passes, then it\u8217\'92ll get in their way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if it doesn\u8217\'92t curve north?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we\u8217\'92ll have to think of something else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that, Ayram turned and side-step-shuffled down the hill, and Moto stamped after him like a little brother.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of the rest of the Ayramun, Moteah seemed most unaffected by current events. She was sitting at the hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crest, side-legged, with one hand locked in support, and the other drawing shapes in the sand. She\u8217\'92d do a little doodle and then watch the wind whip it away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was watching the storm with a rapacious grin. It was odd , but that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how it was, the man looked like he wanted to be inside that storm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl was sitting next to Moteah, cross-legged, taking in the wind, squinting as she did, her brown, sun-kissed hair blowing past her shoulders to reveal the cutest little ear. Mandri thought she looked quite fine in her quiet contemplation. There were clearly thoughts running through her head, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s something that\u8217\'92s difficult to capture. Too often a portrait ends up making a person look like a block of painted wood or a Sparkless husk. Eyes end up belying nothing in particular, staring at the viewer with the blankness of a cat. To combat this, Mandri liked to give the sitter a clear and cogent thought, it didn\u8217\'92t have to be anything grand, something simple that he could will into the persons face so that they ended up looking like a bright and living thing. Simple things like, \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to eat that tomato,\u8221\'94 or, \u8220\'93\u8221\'94 Some sitters didn\u8217\'92t need it, especially those who\u8217\'92d mastered the art of looking serious, as Purl had. Purl had mastered the art of looking serious, and gods, that was sexy as hell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That last thought came to as a surprise. It was the first libidinous thought he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had since he\u8217\'92d risen from the dead. Perhaps that meant the succor of salt that Moteah had snuck int his food was wearing off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anyone else hungry?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got some sticks in my bag,\u8221\'94 said Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have anything green?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Green, like what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Something pulled from the earth instead of backed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb winked and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb grinned, scraggled beard, then took off for the temple and mandri made pursuit. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just before they were to cross the temple threshold, Moto blocked the entrance with his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you two going?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just going to snack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on, Mandri, come here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me a minute, I\u8217\'92m going to get something to eat first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No you\u8217\'92re not,\u8221\'94 Moto said with stern that brooked no argument. Then pulled a Hrkan sword from its scabbard and threw it a Mandri\u8217\'92s feet. It impaled itself into the sand and swerved give.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not going to try and teach him, are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going to need every arm we can get.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I\u8217\'92d make things harder for you all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd- \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to see this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good, you could learn something too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You hrks. So driven by purpose, filled with the will of solraheen. Your men ran. Cowards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cowards, they were simply unprepared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither cowardice or bravery are desired in a soldier. They are both symptoms of unpreparedness. We want our soldiers to be prepared and confident.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you read that in a book?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wrote it in a book.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well it\u8217\'92s the dumbest thing I\u8217\'92ve ever heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can be as prepared as you can possibly be, but still face bad odds. Then it takes bravery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that if you\u8217\'92re facing bad odds, then you\u8217\'92re unprepared.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think life gives you a choice in the matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, lesson number one, Mandri - don\u8217\'92t listen to the Mazyd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t get caught.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Desert storm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d you guys go? Oh no where.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blinking Tears of Schisol out of vision.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ENDS with Seb Dropping the Goree Pass hint.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That swing. You just swung. Why?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah but when I paint, I make mistakes. Seems like I cant do that in a fight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 End training session with: The way a good army should be structured, is that the commander needs be prepared, and the soldiers need be brave, trust their commander. There is simply not enough time to train a soldier in everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Typical of old jandri battle tactics. That is why your empire fell. A commander\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s job is prepare his troops for whatever it is they may be facing. A commander\u8217\'92s job is to remove all bravery and all cowardice from their men. Warfare, like all practices of men, is simply a matter of execution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The most valiant warrior is the the tax gatherer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fish shit gets lost in the water.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Were you in any battles}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Teach me that shit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No its not relevant }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Im something of an artist. We both are trying to get at the human heart, but I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m a little more direct in the approach.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Offal - innards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This isnt offal. Offal is a prepared meal. This is just raw intestines.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t use swords. I use knives. I get mad and ill break a sword.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Almost everybody thinks that what they do is the most important thing in the world. The librarian thinks they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re guarding knowledge. A book on the shelf is The last stand against darkness. The comedian. The king thinks that if he did not exist, society would crumble. The leisure thinks that if they don\u8217\'92t enjoy life, then no one is. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92ve got to get thinking about it. When you don\u8217\'92t have the time to work hard, you\u8217\'92ve got to work smart. So let\u8217\'92s get you thinking about it. First, you got to define your goal. What is your goal in a fight with blades?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ha! That\u8217\'92s right! Usually folk say, \u8216\'91stab him in the gut!\u8217\'92, but that discounts a perfectly viable strategy in any battle: simply run away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you should! Always run away, if you can. I\u8217\'92m not just saying that because you\u8217\'92re you. If you pulled a blade on me, I\u8217\'92d run away. If it came down to it, a fight between you and I, I\u8217\'92d kill you a hundred times out of a hundred, but I\u8217\'92d still prefer run away.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because swords are gods-damned sharp, Mandri. Doesn\u8217\'92t take much for a blade like that to find the bone. Doesn\u8217\'92t take much for rot to find the smallest wound, either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But if you beat me a hundred times out of a hundred\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A hundred times out of a hundred, yes. But a thousand times? A hundred thousand? I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92d get lucky in a few of those. The point is that there\u8217\'92s always risk and it\u8217\'92s never worth taking if you can just run away. I\u8217\'92ve seen men as skilled as the caliphants of legend get stabbed in the belly by raw recruits. It happens. Happens more often when you\u8217\'92re getting long in the tooth. You understand, eh? You and me, we can\u8217\'92t get away with things we used to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well I don\u8217\'92t think I need a lessons in running away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo chuckled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Sure. But in the event that you can\u8217\'92t run away, the goal has to become clearer than simply surviving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill my enemy before he kills me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So bloodthirsty. You could settle for incapacitate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose I could.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must consider that many killing blows don\u8217\'92t kill quickly. There\u8217\'92s only a few reliable spots that will end a duel rightly. The heart,\u8221\'94 He pounded his chest. \u8220\'93And the head.\u8221\'94 He tapped his skull. \u8220\'93Of course you\u8217\'92ve got to consider armor in all this. It\u8217\'92s why Drekkan Socars wear breastplates and helmets and not much else. I\u8217\'92ve heard Drekkan Commissars say that the reason they don\u8217\'92t outfit their troops with more protection is because there\u8217\'92s not enough iron to go around, but really it\u8217\'92s because the Drekkan king can afford to lose a man so long as he takes an enemy down with him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thats inconsiderate if of the Drekkan king.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When a Drekkan soldier\u8217\'92s life gets cut down to minutes, he\u8217\'92s taught to spend them with reckless abandon, to do whatever he can to make sure the enemy whose blade is stuck in his belly goes down with him. You might not believe it, but they\u8217\'92ve got a whole discipline that teaches them how, if you get cut down this way or that, sword or spear, what\u8217\'92s the best thing to do to get \u8216\'91em back.\u8221\'94 The Drekkans can afford to think like that. They can afford one-for-one trades.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Jandrians are mostly known for slings and arrows. .\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Drekk can afford twenty-for-one trades. That, and they\u8217\'92ve got these things called shields\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anyways, the point is, it\u8217\'92s much easier to incapacitate, and then you can do what you will\u8230\'85. Eventually, if we ever get there, you\u8217\'92ll learn enough that your goal will become to simply take what your opponent gives you. Every style and stance is presenting something as a target. But for now let\u8217\'92s just say our target is the sword arm. Generally speaking, its the closest part of the enemy to your blade, it is the enemy\u8217\'92s threat, and if struck down the threat is nullified.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s three parts to an arm: the shoulder, arm, and hand.\u8221\'94 He tapped each part as he was wont to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hand is simple. It\u8217\'92s basically just a bundle tendons and bone. If it gets cut almost anywhere, prettymuch, then the hand goes to shit. If I can\u8217\'92t grip my sword, you\u8217\'92re going win.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hard part about the hand is that its a small target that moves quickly. The shoulder however, is tied to the body\u8217\'92s core, and moves slowly. If I hack your shoulder here,\u8221\'94 He patted the meat of Mandri shoulder, \u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t drop your sword, but you won\u8217\'92t be able to raise it. You\u8217\'92ll still be able to stab with it, but swinging is out of the question. So remember that: hit the shoulder and he can still stab. Of course, if you get lucky and sever the nerve here, then the whole arm goes to shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d be lucky just to land a single blow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, sure. I know this is a lot to take in, but these things need to be rolling around in your brain. When the time comes, you\u8217\'92ll see, the mind has a way of digging these things up. Just remember the key things at least: Sword arm,\u8221\'94 he patted his own right arm. \u8220\'93Close but fast,\u8221\'94 he held up his hand. \u8220\'93Far but slow.\u8221\'94 He held the shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about the rest of the arm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The rest arm\u8217\'92s a funny thing. Before we get into it, we\u8217\'92ve got to touch a bit on the art of swordplay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing artful about killing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I say art, I mean a way of thinking about solving problems. It\u8217\'92ll be easier to compare it to something more familiar, like music. In music there is only one thing: the single note. In painting its a single brushstroke - you take this one thing, and you put a bunch of them together to form something a more complex. In swordplay it\u8217\'92s no different. The single thing is the pose. String them together and you\u8217\'92ve got movement. It\u8217\'92s much like dance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No it isn\u8217\'92t. I\u8217\'92ve seen women dance, and I\u8217\'92ve seen men fight. One is a planned display of beauty, the other is nothing but a rude, chaotic frenzy until one gives a brusque heave and dies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t judge the entire art of painting from a child\u8217\'92s scribblings, would you? No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They were two lorldy princes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re point?\u8221\'94\line \tab \u8220\'93Surely they were trained in your art from the womb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you ever find yourself in a suit of armor fighting similarly armored prince, then I\u8217\'92ll be sure to give you a lesson in that brutish form. In the meantime, you need to be thinking about it like this - thinking about the aspects of the form. In music there is melody, harmony, rhythm, texture, how loud or soft it is, and every single note of the composition affects all of these aspects simultaneously. That\u8217\'92s the important thing. If you want to compose a song, you need to be thinking about how the next note you place is going to affect not just the melody, but also the harmony, the rhythm, the texture, the loudness, and more. If you\u8217\'92re song sounds bad, and you don\u8217\'92t know the aspects of a note, you\u8217\'92re not going to be able to make your song much better. You might fiddle around for a little bit, but you won\u8217\'92t make much progress. You certainly won\u8217\'92t make anything interesting. That\u8217\'92s what this brand of thinking gives you: a framework to help you creatively solve unique problems.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m following.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again, it\u8217\'92s the same with all art forms. You paint a painting, with every single brushstroke, you\u8217\'92re making a statement about color, about edge, value, and more. If you\u8217\'92re a painter you need to be aware of those aspects, because you\u8217\'92re going to make a bad painting, and you need you a way of thinking about it to fix it, or else you\u8217\'92re just fiddling around. It same in a fight. If you\u8217\'92re in a fight and you\u8217\'92re just fiddling around, being \u8216\'91rude and chaotic\u8217\'92 as you say, then you\u8217\'92re going to have a bad time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s all well and good,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93but I am an old, old hat. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well let me finish now that I\u8217\'92ve gotten started.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay. Yes, continue.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what are the component parts of a duel? It\u8217\'92s these: distance, timing, balance, momentum, risk, and most importantly, the opposition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Every movement you make affects all of these things simultaneously. I take a step towards you, and I am changing the distance. I am playing with risk. I have shifted my center of balance. I am changing momentum because with this step, whatever actions come next must flow from it. After it all, perhaps during, you will react.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t possibly be thinking about all these things. Not in the middle of a duel. There\u8217\'92s no time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These and more. Really theres no end to the aspects of any art, because after all, it\u8217\'92s all made up. Just stick with the basics, drill them, and you\u8217\'92ll be competent enough to hold your own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t you just show me a few moves?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s an art, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An art? I\u8217\'92m not trying to express myself here. My aim is to survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. But \u8216\'91a few moves\u8217\'92 aren\u8217\'92t going to keep you alive. You need to be able to react to whatever is going on. To do that you need to be able to solve novel problems. Creativity, Mandri. Creativity is what will keep you alive. To be creative, you need to be thinking critically about what it is you\u8217\'92re doing. That\u8217\'92s what art is, that is what fighting is; creative problem solving. You need to be thinking this way and so we\u8217\'92ll practice it. Now stand up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 , you\u8217\'92ve won if you can bring your blade to a narrower angle than the opponent. Because that means you\u8217\'92ve got a quicker path to the belly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just stand here , sword to sword. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pytele copies the pose}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So here, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re even. Now if I pull my sword to swing, you\u8217\'92re winning. One step and stab and I\u8217\'92m dead. If I take a step back, and out of your range, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter. This is the first beginner lesson: you start the swing out of range, finish it in range. If you\u8217\'92re going to give the opponent the angle advantage, then stay out of range. Like so}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright, back to the the start. One way of gaining advantage might be to simply knock the opponents sword, like so:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My sword\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s on the line, yours isn\u8217\'92t, so I\u8217\'92ve won. But theres an easy counter, I\u8217\'92m sure you can think of it. Yes, you can simply move the sword out of the way, but you\u8217\'92re moving the sword off the line. You\u8217\'92re giving it up without me hitting it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A practiced swordsman will know all the moves, all the tricks and traps. So if you run into one, your best bet is to simply maintain a safe distance. You should run, if the mood calls for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do I know if my opponent is skilled?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll know in an instant whether or not your opponent knows about the line, about distance. The number of men I\u8217\'92ve killed with their sword out to the side like this, mid swing, its absurd. It\u8217\'92s like they\u8217\'92ve got this thought that if they start their swing first, that means I\u8217\'92ve got to parry it. It doesn\u8217\'92t enter their minds that I could just take a step forward, close the distance myself, and then stab them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But if enemy know about distance, about the line, you should probably run. Everyone else, the mere fact that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re considering it means your much more likely to win. And this is the thing about fighting - about everything really - it\u8217\'92s more about knowledge and experience than your god-given physical tools. I\u8217\'92m one of the smallest in the Ayramun, but no one here would fight me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strength, agility, these only come into play in bouts of similar skill.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Keep your hand like the head of a hawk. Always pointed towards its prey. Nomatter how the body moves, keep it pointed towards the prey.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stab instead of slash. Stab - less of the arm is exposed to the enemy than a slash. Stab requries less energy. Is easier to perform in tight formation as it limits possibility of wounding allies. A slash is more likely to be stopped by armor or bones, difficult to land a lethal blow. With a stab, a cut no deeper than 2 inchens can be lethal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stabbing saves a lot of force.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 STAMINA - use heavier training tools to increase muscle growth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Daily practice vaulting on and off a horse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The roar of sand in the air was tremendous, and every now and then a gust of wind would and blow through the temple entrance and swirl around inside, and as it did, it blew though the hole in flower as if it were the hole of a flute, and the sound was whistling whine that through the cave like the labored fits of a pregnant dog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the wind intensified, whine became a monotonous hum, a sound so annoying that all the Ayramun retreated further into the cave to get some sleep. Only Mandrameen and Obo stayed. Obo couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be bothered by anything, and Mandri was mesmerized by the sight and sound of the sandstorm\u8217\'92s fury. To him it was intoxicating, being so near to such an awesome power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He asked Obo, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long do you think I could last up there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exposed, you would die in minutes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri walked over to the ladder and the moment he put his foot on the bottom rung, Obo asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not trying to kill yourself, are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to see what it feels like. And I want to see it\u8217\'92s insides.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It will feel like torture, and it will look like nothing at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri continued on to climb, and when he got to the top, he stuck his hand up to test the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sand blasted into his palm like a hundred bee stings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Agghh! God damn! That hurts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Told you so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri climbed back down and sat near the fire, massaging his prickled hand. Red welts the size of pinpricks dotted it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe they\u8217\'92re trying to kill Solraheen,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93If He could make this storm, then just imagine the kind of power He has.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen didn\u8217\'92t make this storm,\u8221\'94 Obo said. \u8220\'93As I\u8217\'92m sure you are aware, He is incapacitated at the moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He might not have made this particular storm, but He made\u8230\'85 you know\u8230\'85 he made the structure for it. The possibility for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think of him as a designer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, and it\u8217\'92s pure creativity, not the impression of creativityLike when artists work, we\u8217\'92re just moving things around. Like Moto was saying earlier about swordplay - his medium is movement. A painter just moves paint around. None of it is real creativity. What it is, is manipulation. But Solraheen, he created the wind, he created the sand, and from these, he created this storm. And why would anyone want to kill a being that could do that? That kind of creativity is the only thing that makes life worth living.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, Solraheen is not a god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is he, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m quite sure, but by my definition, God is that which is necessary, and tell me, if Solraheen were a necessary being, then could he be killed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to answer that question, because I think the premise is a load of shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo pressed on, and asked the question again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think Solraheen can be killed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look forget I asked. I don\u8217\'92t really care about what you believe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? If I were human, would you care then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone thinks that because I don\u8217\'92t have a Spark, that means I\u8217\'92m incapable of faith, or belief. But I do believe in something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8223\'22OUch?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe that there exists a thing which lies outside the bounds of logic and reason, beyond understanding. You might call it the Demiurge, or the the Uncaused Cause, or God. I am not certain of it\u8217\'92s existence, but I believe that it is there, because I, too, am forced to confront the simple absurdity of existence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean like when you close your eyes and think about how everything would make so much more sense if nothing existed at all?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A pure sea of nothingness. A void, with no people, no earth, no Solraheen. Nothing sprouting up. No being.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indulging that feeling is a bit childish, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to get into it with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri got up and fashioned some pillows out of what packs had been left in the room. He gave a quick look for Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack, because a drop of God\u8217\'92s Eye would significantly improve the day, but of course Seb had probably expected this and brought his pack with him. So, Mandri was forced to lay there sober and watch the hole and listen to raging of the storm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could hear the sand scratching at the bricks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could hear excited whispers coming from the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An hour passed hour like this, and all the while the winds outside were rising. The gusts were getting so strong that over the wind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s howl and the sizzle of the sand, there was the unmistakable grind of rock sliding atop rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked to Obo, and who seemed unconcerned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The wind is lifting the dome,\u8221\'94 Obo said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should we be in here?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think we should be fine, but my forecasts have been wrong of late.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stood up and backed away from the hole, and as he did, an especially forceful gust blew into the temple above, sending such a shrill whistle that stressed the acoustic , but only for , for it was silenced by the crashing of stone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wisp of sand fell down, as if it were the dying breath of that great sand storm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whistle and concomitant collapse had caused all the Ayramun to stir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Ayram who first came bu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now that the howling wind was gone, the Ayramun filtered back into the pitted room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brooding Ayram kept him company. Ayram , as the storm ground down the rocks above. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It took a full day for the storm to past, and in it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dying wake, Ayram climbed up the ladder with his spud bar and punched a hole into the fallen dome. A stream of sand came pouring down, but Ayram persisted through it and banged his spudbar around, widening the whole, until a great avalanche dumped down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s firm grip kept him locked place, and once the pour had subsided, climbed up and out, then called his people to join him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Mandri emerged into the fresh desert air, he was stunned to find himself at the bottom of a conical pit. Ayram was standing out alone, trying to reckon the storms track.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said it was headed north to northeast, and that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be making for the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look up how harmattan is formed.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The camel becomes pregnant without the intervention of the male. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The eyes become red, swelled and inflamed, the lips and skin parched and chapped, while sever pain the chest is invariably felt in consequence of the quantities of sand unavoidably inhaled. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It strips the air of moisture. Humiidity falls from 80 to 10 percent within hours. When the gale is in full cry, visibility is reduced to a few yards. Sand penetrates everything. Grit in food, grit in water (milky grit) , grit on the shets. If you close the windows, the temperature can climb steadily and reach 120, 125 degrees, when the air sears the lungs.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sandstorms can be black as night or a lurid yellow or a bleak greay the color of old ash. They may hiss or roar, rumble like thunder; the air is oven hot and crackles with static and a hand run ofver a canvas tent pops and sparks like methane breath on a smoldering coal tip; nerve-ends tingle with electricity and firefly sparks jump and snap. The camles squat in teh sand, their backs to the wind, and close their long-lashed and double lidded eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A static charge in the air. Everything sparks. Dog Cant be stroked without producing crackling sparks.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}