{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 ATTACK ARM - Final battle}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Obo \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  I have wants. Its not just me, but my siblings. What is done to us is . We deserve freedom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mandri\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m sympathetic. There\u8217\'92s already so many slaves. appreciate you Obo. Would be boring as hell if you weren\u8217\'92t here. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 I appreciate you - that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a hard thing for me to say. You should appreciate it. I have a physical reaction. Damn. My legs get hot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Your legs get hot?}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Yeah, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 I appreciate you too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 One of the core features of the human mind is nothingness}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Consider adding fire into this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 ESTABLISH GRESKALUN}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Establish curse earlier. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Remind him of Greskal in the goree pass}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91We need to be beaten to become believer in different style.\u8217\'92}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  I don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t like this defeatest attitude you\u8217\'92ve developed. If you accept defeat again, I will come over there and crush you.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Then comes a mist of sand, and next, you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re swept up in a haze.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The best artist is a matter of opinion. The best swordsman, that\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s a matter of fact.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mandri fix the strap with cushion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Some kind of post-burgeon bliss.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Violence is always more effective. The word to use is efficient. Violence is an ineffecient approach. It takes a lot of work. And if you mess up, you waste resources. But if you actually succeed in killing your opponent, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s tremendously effective.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Obo hinting that he can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t do mazydfire forever}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mineralized Dinosaur dropping - colorful poop}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The reason the world is full of shitheads is because its impossible to do anything that doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t trample on someone else\u8217\'92s desires. So its either do nothing, or be a shithead.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The "I am a violent animal" and "don't poke the violent animal!!" talk always cracks me up because you know what happens when a violent animal shows up in a populated place? It gets killed. Not really a flattering metaphor. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Never let the sun set on an unlanced boil. }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Dont have a fear bone im the painted eunuch}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Only time you worry about a soldier is when he stops bitchin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Smell of the changing season, the bite of wet and the cutting wind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Fear bone- when it comes, you got to take a breath. You gotta breathe. You got to meet it on. Just don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 I can control whether or not these people get a window into my soul.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 YOu know, we could go down.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 I appreciate the will of men more than talent. Some of the guys id say you guys wil prolly laugh at. I appreciate ordinary men with regular skillsets that play the game at a high level.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0}