{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, Art is objective. There are objective measures. If you get 100 people in a room, and 90 will say that this is the best work in the house.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I disagree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you? I should say, if you do, then you\u8217\'92ve been corrupted by degenerate culture, dear Vigram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I don\u8217\'92t think so. I simply don\u8217\'92t see how adding subjective measures together creates an objective measure. These are fundamentally different things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An object stands on its own. It is independent of the artist. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quality, its success, depends on how well the artist pulled from the Allwhite.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Salavan, you can\u8217\'92t be serious. There is only subjective taste! Tastes can overlap, sure, but where they do, it\u8217\'92s no guarantee of quality. You say, everyone agrees that this painting, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  painting here, is a great work. Well, I think there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s very little good in that painting. In my eye, Boogaloo was chasing a trend. I don\u8217\'92t like it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither do I\u8221\'94, said Mandri}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah! That makes two against one! A quorum has been reached; an objective measure! Objectively, then, that painting is a failure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram. I wont have this . Consider the issue deeply. There is a reason, a fundamental reason, why this painting is known throughout the world, and that one is not.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course there\u8217\'92s a reason. That\u8217\'92s because it was stolen at least five times! That\u8217\'92s it! Two hundred years ago, that painting was hardly listed amongst Cavalan\u8217\'92s works.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But *why* was it stolen? There is something about the work that--"}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It was stolen because it was easy to steal!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "This was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  easy to steal."\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course it was, now that it has value. I mean, originally, back when--}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "This is all beside the point, Vigram. I'm not saying that there is no such thing as personal preference. Personal preference is simply one dimension which determines a work's quality. Preference, subjectivity, it should not drown out all the other factors surrounding a work. When all factors are accounted for, an objective measure can be made.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After Salavan kills Vigram, he says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So. One against one. The painting\u8217\'92s success is undecided.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With your '100 people in a room with 100 paintings' argument, you've redefined subjective to mean "tastes cannot overlap", and then you've quite righteously knocked down that strawman. And contrary to your claim, top song lists are proof enough of subjectivity - most of these lists contain very little good music, from my perspective. I guess I just cant quite grasp the objective, timeless insight into human nature that is nestled in between the bars of "Wet Ass Pussy" by Cardi B. I do not enjoy listening to it. Many people do. I don't begrudge them one bit. We simply have wildly divergent tastes, and the source of this divergence is not our biology, which is structurally similar, but our respective cultural conditioning. Does clustering of tastes exist? Certainly. No one denies this. In this respect you are shouting at a cloud. Is this clustering rooted entirely in biology? This moves us into the nature versus nurture debate, and I suspect your views on this matter are archaic. Furthermore, there is almost no continuity between someone like Sargent and someone like Rauschenberg, who I enjoy in equal measure. Their paintings cannot be compared and contrasted with respect to line, color, edge, value, etc. You would learn almost nothing from such a study. They are doing completely different things. I would suggest researching the history of the Mona Lisa. The painting was hardly known, before it was stolen and caused a scandal. It wasn't even the most famous painting in its gallery, let alone the Louvre. Now, folk like yourself hail it as some timeless masterpiece beyond all others. It's not. Sad to say, it is indeed circumstance which elevated it to public acclaim, not unlike the "Hawk Tuah" girl, Andy Warhol, or any other grossly popular product of mass media. On that note, I would also suggest taking a few Advertising/Marketing courses, if you can get to them. Your eyes will be opened to just how malleable subjectivity actually is. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 relative \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8800\'3F arbitrary, art is judged by an eclectic of factors one of which is personal preference, when all factors are accounted for an objective judgement can be made about its quality, this is always in flux depending on who and what is looking at it or is happening around it. However certain factors are more influential than others, subjective preferences are less influential on the quality than things like proportion and values. This is why there is overlap in our responses to artwork. This means that art is influenced by the subjective but this does not make it wholly subjective as if someone\u8217\'92s opinion overrides all these other factors and certainly does not make it arbitrary. If a culture is sick and degenerate and the art responds to that, it might be well adapted to the context of the culture but the quality of the art suffers on more fundamental qualities of a healthy society, explaining why herd opinion doesn\u8217\'92t always embody this objective quality either. You would learn quite a bit from such a study of a difference in technique because you would begin to understand how context shapes an artist\u8217\'92s response to how they employ the fundamentals, each one is good in their own right because in the context of the painting they have made a certain set of stylistic choices that correctly responds to what they are creating. Sargent as a representational painter uses a variation of edges and textures depending on what is being painted whereas Rauschenberg isn\u8217\'92t limited by these representational needs and is often employing many very textural effects which have a sense of harmony because of this. One can also determine which of these different artworks from these artists are better by seeing how well adapted each is to its context, from there a relative degree of adaptation can be seen and an objective judgement be formed}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems like you are arguing against claims no one is making. Relative \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8800\'3F arbitrary, yes, but subjective \u8800\'3F arbitrary either. No one sane argues that our tastes are arbitrary. They are effects of causes. The argument here, between subjective and objective, is what those causes are. The subjective case is simply that our tastes are bounded by our biological hardware, and specified by culture, as well as personal experience. For example, your favorite color is bounded by the information processed by your ocular nerve, while your actual choice might be adjusted by the cultural fact that blue is for boys and pink is for girls. But it used to be that the objective 'masculine' color was pink, while the objective 'feminine' color was blue. Why did it switch? Which view is 'degenerate' with respect to the objective truth? And yes, one can quantify how 'well-adapted to context' an artwork is by measuring dollars and twitter mentions. The real problem with this view is that artists, the good ones, are not looking to adapt to their context. In fact, I would almost argue that this sort of success is a red flag--the less success, the more likely it is that you are doing things that you, personally, find interesting. Because for me, art is about personal human connection; communicating things which words fail to. Some people communicate interesting things, some people do not. Everyone has their own tastes for what they deem to be interesting. I prefer my tastes to everyone else's, why wouldn't I? But it is hubristic in the extreme to say that my tastes are objectively better, or closer to an objective truth, while yours are degenerate. In this respect, you might consider reframing your argument around clarity. Because I think this is what you are trying to get at. IF we consider art to be an attempt to communicate, you are either successful in your communication, or you are not. In this sense, art is objective. But don't fall into the trap of conflating market success, or success with you in particular, with 'universal/objective success' and consequently, 'objective truth'. I remember hearing an interview with a director who made a movie that he himself hated. He thought it was trash, and all the critics did too. By every 'objective' measure of sound and form, it was a terrible movie. It was a failure, and he felt like a failure. Then one day a woman approached him, in tears, and said that his movie changed her life, even saved her life--it was her favorite movie all time. The context was that her daughter had recently died, and some aspect of the film hit her hard. If the movie had been any different, by objective measures--a line tweaked, the staging more appealing, the lighting more professional--perhaps she wouldn't have had this experience. To the director, this was the realization that he had made the movie for her, perhaps her alone, and this was a joy. This gets to the danger of focusing on 'objective measures' in art, from the artist's point of view. They can blind you to unique solutions to unique problems, even prevent you from even seeing those problems as real in the first place. This is why I stopped doing master studies, because essentially all you're doing is copying down a particular set of solutions to a particular set of problems, which are themselves a particular symptom of a particular attempt to communicate. What this does is give you a hammer that makes everything look like a nail. At that point I realized that all I was doing was impersonating Sargent and others, instead of embracing my own agency and devising my own solutions to the particular things that I, uniquely me, want to communicate. This is not to say that I don't often think of a painting like you do in some of your analysis videos--that Richard Schmid method of analysis--but there is a whole lot more to the craft than how you handle edge, line, value, color, surface, etc. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I agree with what you observe but don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think it makes the case for a purely psychological understanding of art, which subjective naturally connotes. Art is not entirely subjective, although it does have a subjective dimension related to individual perception and psychology. When creating a work of art, a new object is brought into existence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something that did not exist before. This creation must align with the ontological laws of the universe to achieve harmony and balance, which are inherent in nature. The "rules of composition" in art, for example, reflect these principles, which are rooted in natural phenomena. As a result, art is not solely a psychological phenomenon but also engages with the fundamental nature of reality. The quality of art can therefore be understood as context-dependent, with varying degrees of adaptability to its environment. The argument that no one considers art arbitrary is demonstrably false. Postmodernism, for instance, often rejects objective claims about reality, suggesting that macro-narratives are unreliable. However, this conflates relativity with arbitrariness. In the case of the movie example, the positive response from one individual illustrates that the work was well-adapted to that specific context. This demonstrates that art can possess an objective quality when contextual factors are considered, even if the quality varies depending on the context. Art is not simply a form of communication, though communication is often a byproduct. It is more accurately described as the creation of a physical object that resonates with the subconscious, influenced by the ontological laws of the universe. These laws govern both the object and the psyche. This perspective aligns with the ideas of Christopher Alexander, who challenges Western paradigms by explaining why art seems wholly subjective but is instead eclectic rather than mechanistic. Cultural and temporal factors also influence art and its adaptability. While universal laws provide an objective foundation, cultural influences can create dissonance in how art is perceived. For example, popular works containing "degenerate" ideas might reflect unhealthy cultural adaptations. Even if such works are well-adapted to contemporary culture, they may fail to align with deeper universal principles, ultimately contributing to societal suffering. Studying the works of the masters is not simply a matter of imitation. Because the conditions of time and individuality differ, the process involves understanding the underlying abstractions that reflect universal laws. Applying these principles can result in art that is more harmonious and well-adapted. These abstractions form the foundation of what defines good art across different contexts but is bounds to waver depending on context. I agree there is a lot more to art than just formalism \line }}