{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Near Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly was a leather pack and he reached down into it and pulled out a bright brown pouch the size of his fist. He loosened the string that kept it closed and revealed to Mandri an assortment of rocks and pebbles inside. \u8220\'93Take one of my rocks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 said Forty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These are lucky rocks,\u8221\'94 said Tob, ignoring her. \u8220\'93Count yourself blessed. They be small measures of luck, but they do in a pinch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not that a lucky prick like you needs them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know they\u8217\'92re lucky rocks?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked as he looked over the stones, pretending to be impressed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve been tested,\u8221\'94 Tob said. \u8220\'93You pick a rock up, try to do somethin\u8217\'92 with it, then see what happens. If it works, good chance is the thing is lucky. If it works ten times over, then its been tested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I keep the unlucky rocks, too,\u8221\'94 Tob continued. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not as good as a curse pot, but if someone gets to pesterin\u8217\'92 you, slip one of these bad boys into their pocket.\u8221\'94 Tob then took another pouch from out of his things, and opened it to reveal another bunch of rocks. Each of these had a white \u8216\'91X\u8217\'92 scratched into them. Tob picked one of them up and smiled at Forty while he thumbed its grooves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Little stones of retribution. Ever find one of these babies in your shoe, Forty?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty shrugged.}}