{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f0\fs28\b1 op 10 Characteristics of Fabulous Fellatio*}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 10.\~\~One word: wet.}{ Saliva is your friend. Lube is your friend. Like all good friends, you can call on them when you need them. Great fellators lick their palms and squirt on lube freely. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be shy. Check out }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Appendix: Selecting a Lubricant\u8221\'94}{ for guidance on how to select a lubricant that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right for you.}
\par\plain {\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 9.\~\~Two words: Hand. Job.}{ Your hands have more strength and stamina than your mouth ever will, so much of the stimulation of a blowjob will come from your hands. Use your fingers, palm, and wrist to do the work that your tongue, lips, and jaw can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 8.\~\~Let your tongue do the things that only tongues can.}{ Lick. Flick. Brush. Even if these things don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make him come, they\u8217\'92re different from what he\u8217\'92ll experience during any other kind of sex, and novelty is good.}
\par\plain {\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 7.\~\~Squeeze a little as you move your hand up,}{ release as you move your hand down. You can practice that now \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  squeeze up, release down. And twist your wrist. Got it? Now you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re an expert. It\u8217\'92s the little extras that make all the difference.}
\par\plain {\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 6.\~\~Suction.}{ It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a special feature of oral sex that neither intercourse nor a handjob can replicate. With practice your jaw will strengthen so you can suck harder and longer, but in the meantime, suck gently, saving the really intense sucking for the, um, pivotal moment.}
\par\plain {\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 5.\~\~Keep a steady rhythm.}{ When you find the pace that makes him sigh and then gulp and then shudder, stick with it. Incremental, almost imperceptible increases in speed and intensity will draw him higher into arousal.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 4.\~\~It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not just about the penis!}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The best blowjobs combine stimulation of the penis with the scrotum, perineum, anus, rectum, prostate, thighs, belly, nipples, and whatever else you can reach. The idea is to swirl him upwards in a whirlwind of sensations until his eyes cross and his toes curl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b1 3.\~\~Confidence.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~A \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, she really knows what she\u8217\'92s doing!\u8221\'94 response doesn\u8217\'92t come from technique but from attitude. You know you\u8217\'92re hot. You know he loves it when you put your mouth on his genitals. Revel in that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b1 2.\~\~Attention. Attention. Attention.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~All your attention should be focused exclusively and lovingly on him! The more attention you pay, the more attuned you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be to the clues his body is sending you about his arousal state. With practice, you\u8217\'92ll learn to read his signals intuitively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And... the number one characteristic of fabulous fellatio:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b1 1.\~\~Enthusiasm!}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Masturbate while you go down (see\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Advanced Techniques\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0 ). Make noise. Grin. Make eye contact. Love the feel of his penis in your hands and mouth and you absolutely cannot go wrong.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a strategy that uses all five parts and recognizes their special attributes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s already quite aroused (i.e., fully erect):}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 *}{\f0\fs24\b0 Circle your fingers tightly around the base on his penis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 *}{\f0\fs24\b0 Using lots of lubrication \endash  either saliva or store-bought lube \endash  slide your lips and tongue softly and slowly over the head of his erect penis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 *}{\f0\fs24\b0 Circle your tongue over the frenulum, and then pull up again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 *}{\f0\fs24\b0 Slide your lips down a second time, not as far this time, and circle your tongue lightly around the urethral opening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 *}{\f0\fs24\b0 Then pull up again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 *}{\f0\fs24\b0 Keep your lips soft and the inside of your mouth wet. The third time you go down, take as much of his penis into your mouth as you feel comfortable with, and suck gently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 *}{\f0\fs24\b0 Then pull back up, letting your lips slide deliberately over the corona.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 *}{\f0\fs24\b0 Then, still holding the shaft at the base, put soft, wet kisses around the base of the head, licking and kissing around the sulcus; treat it the way you would treat the sensitive corner of his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 *}{\f0\fs24\b0 Repeat the process, switching up the order so that he never quite knows what sensation will come next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 *}{\f0\fs24\b0 This is not a strategy that will make him burst out in orgasm right there and then, but it will tantalize and bewitch him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 First of all, it can be trained.}{ In fact it has been trained already. A lot of guys trained their bodies to move as quickly as possible through the sexual response cycle because when they were teenagers and young men, they needed to get off }{\f0\fs24\i1 fast}{ when they masturbated, to minimize the likelihood of getting caught. His body is also trained to respond to a particular kind of stimulation \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a particular speed, intensity, friction level, etc. For some guys fellatio is sufficiently different from what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re used to that their body will need to be trained onto this new kind of stimulation. How? Piece of cake. Let him show you how he masturbates, and learn to replicate what he does. (Is he shy about showing you how he does it? Try this: you start him off, get him pretty aroused. Then whisper in his ear, \u8220\'93I want to watch you.\u8221\'94 And as he touches himself, be overtly appreciative \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  make noise, lick your lips, run your hands over his chest and thighs, and eventually add your mouth to what his hand is doing.) Over several sessions, incorporate oral sex into the manual sex, so that his body learns to associate the same sexual response he gets from your hand with what he gets from your mouth.)}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 *Second, spectacular blowjobs are as much as about when}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~you do something as what you do and how you do it. Men\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sexual response is lot like driving a standard transmission: if you go through the gears in the right order, you\u8217\'92ll get where you want to go. But you have to start out in first gear; if you start in third, you\u8217\'92ll stall out. So early on, at lower levels of arousal, less intensity is needed \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  less speed, less friction, and often less pressure.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 *As you lead him gradually to higher levels of arousal,}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~you can increase the intensity. By moving slowly through the stages of arousal, you increase his tension, which will in turn increase the intensity of his orgasm (if you decide to let him have one). The manual and oral techniques you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll find below are listed in order from least intense to most intense. Let your instincts tell you when he\u8217\'92s ready for the next level.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Twist}{ A truly foundational technique. Rather than holding his penis in your fist and drawing your hand straight up and down, give your wrist a twist. Try it with lube!}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Juicer}{ With the penis pointing straight out, place your fingertips around the corona as though you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going pluck it. Move your hand up and twist your wrist, like you\u8217\'92re juicing a lemon or an orange. You can also try it without the twist. Very light touch is all that\u8217\'92s necessary.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Infinite Vagina}{ He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll need a pretty firm erection for this one. With your hands well-lubed, wrap your hand around the head of his penis and stroke down. Follow that hand immediately with your opposite hand. Keep alternating, following one hand with the other, so the head of his penis is constantly being stimulated with a downward motion. Guys describe this as feeling like penetration that goes on forever.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Reverse Vagina}{ Instead of pushing down on the shaft, pull upwards, one hand after the other. Try it with a twist!}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Clock}{ With your hands working the Reverse Vagina, gently tug the penis so it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pointing toward his navel. Then rotate the penis gradually clockwise, so that with each stroke the head points around over to the hipbone, then down to his knees, then around to the other hipbone, and back up to the navel. It\u8217\'92s possible you\u8217\'92ll find that your man has a particular \u8220\'93time\u8221\'94 at which he is particularly sensitive.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Peace}{ A useful variation that can be done from a lot of comfortable body positions. Make a V with your index and middle fingers, like you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re making a peace sign, and stroke the glans and shaft between those fingers. (With guys with particularly thick penises, this might be a bit more difficult.) This will produce light touch sensations \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  those fingers just aren\u8217\'92t strong enough to produce deep touch in that position \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  so it\u8217\'92s especially nice around the glans and corona. With your fingers in that position, you can try brushing the webbing at the base of your fingers against the frenulum.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Softie}{ When he is not erect, kiss and gently brush your tongue and fingers over the head of his penis. Get the head wet before you use your hands \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the slip makes it more comfortable. This is also a good time to give the scrotum some attention, licking and stroking the skin.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Slow Dance}{ Again, while he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s soft, get as much of his penis in your mouth as you can; get the whole thing pretty wet and slippery, and then slowly and gently but firmly, suck and draw your head upwards, so that his penis stretches. Draw your lips up to the head. You can allow his penis to slip out of your mouth and then start over, or you can keep it in your mouth and go back down to go again. A hand resting on his inner thigh, lower abdomen, or scrotum is a nice additional sensation.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Suck}{ This is the basic. Open your mouth wide enough to accommodate the penis before you, and plunge your mouth down as far as your feel comfortable, then come back up. You can be creative about how far up or down you go. You might concentrate exclusively on the head, with your lips never leaving the glans, or you might keep your lips low on the shaft and brush the glans against your soft palate or the roof of your mouth.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Straw}{ With your hand(s) wrapped around the base, wrap your lips around the head of the penis. Suck like you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re trying to slurp a really thick milkshake through a straw. This is nice when he\u8217\'92s erect, but you might find that if you do it when he\u8217\'92s still soft, it will make him hard pretty fast. It\u8217\'92s like the suction of those penis enlargement thingies.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Flicky}{ There are not a lot of occasions other than oral sex when this motion will be called for, so it might take some practice to master. Extend your tongue out of your mouth and flick it up and down as fast as your can. You can do this up and down the length of the shaft, or you can focus on the frenulum.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Swirl}{ This is a tongue oriented technique. As you go down, you swirl your tongue in a half circle around the frenulum, and as you go up, you complete the circle. This is easiest with the tongue soft and flat, but you can try it with a more flicky-like tension too. This in combination with the Twist is wicked.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Creamsicle}{ Ultimately, fellatio is about giving yourself a treat and pretending it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s giving him a treat. This technique is the ultimate example. When you eat a real creamsicle, you don\u8217\'92t just plunge the thing into your mouth; instead, you do some plunging, and sometimes you take a slurp at the side, maybe to catch a drip, you lick the whole thing from bottom to top, and you generally just savor the hell out of the thing. Imagine the dick in your hands is whatever frozen dessert on a stick makes you happiest, and then relish the hell out of it.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Teeth}{ It takes a lot of sensitivity to use your teeth well. The head of the penis is extremely sensitive, so it only takes a little bit of tooth, gently applied, to give strong sensation. Your man may have had a bad tooth experience in the past, with a partner who lacked your sensitivity and skill; if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s uncomfortable with it, you should respect that and not push too hard. But if he\u8217\'92s open to it, a valuable move is to gently brush your two front teeth from the corona to the tip of the glans, keeping your bottom lip still. You can also try scraping your teeth gently over his shaft, like you\u8217\'92re pretending to eat corn on the cob \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  try different speeds and pressures and different ways of incorporating your lips into this one.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Dentures}{ If you or your man is not interested in teeth, you can protect the penis by wrapping your lips tight over your teeth. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll look a little like a granny who has removed her dentures (hence the name). Only much hotter.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Nose}{ Technically this isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an oral technique so much as it is a facial technique. When his penis is erect and slippery, brush the tip of your nose against the shaft, around the frenulum. It might sound silly if you\u8217\'92ve never tried it, but your nose will produce a sensation that no other body part can; the closest equivalent is probably an erect nipple. And nothing says \u8220\'93enthusiastic!\u8221\'94 like nuzzling his penis and scrotum.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Powerhouse}{ It is the gold standard of cock sucking; it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s very anti-choking but produces a lot of focused stimulation for him. With your hand wrapped around the shaft so that your index finger is around the sulcus, put your mouth over the head. Your lips will touch your index finger. Using lots of saliva, suck just the glans, moving mouth and hand in unison so that your fingers brush over the frenulum as your lips reach the tip of the glans, going up and down in tight, wet motions. Add a hand twist and a tongue swirl, if you\u8217\'92re feeling demonic.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 *What\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s it made of?}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Mostly water, protein, and Vitamin C. Fewer than 10 calories.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 <$Scr_H::4>Oyster<!$Scr_H::4>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 <$Scr_H::4>Oyster<!$Scr_H::4>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 With the head of his penis resting against your soft palate, move your head slightly up and down against the glans. If you feel comfortable, try swallowing around the head of his penis. If he says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woah,\u8221\'94 you did it exactly right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Remember you are in total control, so you can stop anytime you want to. If you go too far too fast, it will only make it more difficult in the future, so go gradually.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Remember: it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attitude. If he\u8217\'92s thinking, \u8220\'93Holy crap, she LOVES sucking my dick!\u8221\'94 that\u8217\'92s better than 50 creative but half-hearted techniques. Your arousal is a major \u8220\'93sexually relevant stimulus\u8221\'94 for his SES (Sexual Excitement System) to respond to.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>If Fellatio Makes Your Jaw Ache*<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a dumb old joke \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \u8220\'93If you smoke after sex, you\u8217\'92re doing it too fast!\u8221\'94 Jaw ache during fellatio is kind of like that. If your jaw aches, you\u8217\'92re working too hard \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  keeping your mouth open too wide for too long, or sucking too hard. Not necessarily too hard for his pleasure, but definitely too hard for yours. And there\u8217\'92s no point in doing all this if you aren\u8217\'92t enjoying it.}
\par\plain {The solution? Quit working so hard! Your hands are much stronger than your mouth, so let them provide most of the pressure and intensity; your mouth can do most of the light-touch work. Save the heavy duty sucking for the end, when he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s getting close to orgasm. A few intermittent sucks will give the variety and interest that capture his attention, without wearing out your jaw.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Many times if a partner takes a long time to orgasm from oral sex \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not a guy who takes a long time to come in general \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  it\u8217\'92s because his body has learned to orgasm from the specific kinds of stimulation that he\u8217\'92s used to receiving.}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 First, watch him masturbate and try to match what he does to himself.}{ If you tell him it would turn you on to watch him, then smile naughtily and look away shyly, that will probably persuade him. Then let him guide your hand, ask for feedback. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like that?\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93A little harder?\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93Faster?\u8221\'94 A 1 to 10 scale can make a great shorthand for communicating pleasure. 1 is like \u8220\'93Meh\u8221\'94 and 10 is \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to come RIGHT NOW.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Second, take away the goal of orgasm}{ \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  assume that for the next, say, two weeks or month you won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be giving him orgasms from oral sex, you\u8217\'92ll just be learning how to get him gradually closer and closer to orgasm. In fact, he\u8217\'92s not allowed to come by your hand. Oral sex can be spectacular without orgasms \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  if you get him to the gasping, pleading edge of orgasm and then go downstairs for a bowl of ice cream you\u8217\'92ve still given a great blowjob. Just don\u8217\'92t cause the poor man an injury, will ya?}
\par\plain {*}{\f0\fs24\b1 Finally, make it a gradual approach.}{ Do lots of things, not just the things he does \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  full body caresses, different manual techniques, oral sex, all kinds of things mixed in with the kind of stimulation he uses.}
\par\plain {Also, sometimes delayed orgasm with a partner is not just about learning to respond to new stimulation. Sometimes there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a trust and/or shyness factor too. Orgasm requires a lot of \u8220\'93letting go\u8221\'94 and many people find it difficult to focus on their pleasure in front of a partner and they end up \u8220\'93spectatoring\u8221\'94 or watching themselves from the outside, rather than paying attention to the sensations in their bodies. Just as he learns to respond to new sensations, with practice he learns to let go and be fully responsive even in the presence of another person.}
\par\plain {This kind of shyness usually has nothing to do with the quality of your relationship; it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mostly just a matter of habit, and your affectionate patience is all it takes to create the environment he needs to let go. Remember, sexual response is }{\f0\fs24\i1 both}{ giving good stimulation and eliminating any reason for him not to be turned on.}
\par\plain {To sum up: learn to stimulate him the way he has trained his body to respond. Teach his body to respond to other things by incorporating new sensations with familiar ones. While you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re in the process, put a ban on making him come with oral sex. He\u8217\'92s not allowed \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  for two weeks at least, and really more like a month.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain }