{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Halfway through that first day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s journey, Mandri\u8217\'92s skin started to burn. Moteah offered him kell oil to calm it. He dropped everything and slathered himself up with the sticky red stuff\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he covered his hands, his face, the back of the neck. Seb reminded him to get the his shaven scalp as well. Moteah warned him to keep it away from the shallow of the eye. Then she offered him a snack of binks. A bink was a yellow nut the size of a tooth, with black spots on either end. They were quite bitter. Mandri refused this too. He reminded them all that, being a Mazid, he did not need to eat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Binks are healers,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, insisting he try one. She went on to claim that there were mice living out in the Sand that, if he could believe it, eat only binks\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no water. She once had a pet mouse and was careful to never let it drink, as a sort of experiment. It lived on a diet of binks until the mousey old age of two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri doubted the story, but he did not say so out loud. He wanted Moteah to keep talking. This journey was shaping up to be a long one, and it would be too much for it to pass without hearing someone else talk, because when no one was talking, his mind inevitably turned to the burgeons Seb was unwilling to part with. That was no fun.}}