{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Elrahet - how do I taste?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I first learned the facts from a lunatic\line In a dark and quiet room that smelled of stale time and space\line There are no people\line Nothing at all like that\line The human phenomenon is but the sum of densely coiled layers of illusion\line Each of which winds itself upon the supreme insanity\line But there are persons of any kind\line When all that can be is mindless mirrors\line Laughing and screaming as they parade about\line In an endless dream }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his study The Nature of Evil (1931), Radoslav A. Tsanoff cites a terse reflection set down by the German philosopher Julius Bahnsen in 1847, when he was seventeen years old. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Man is a self-conscious Nothing,\u8221\'94 declared the young man. Bahnsen was not, of course, the first to arrive at a dour appraisal of his own kind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anyone pursuing an audience, or even a place in society, might profit from the following motto: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you can\u8217\'92t say something positive about our species, then say something equivocal.\u8221\'94 These facts, in themselves, are neither cause to ridicule the judgment of the majority nor grounds for conforming to it uncritically. Tending toward the negativity of the latter mind-set, Bahnsen went too far, as if to assure himself a lasting obscurity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I need to get at the dim awareness of all the people who have met an untimely death. We soldier on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the words of British author and Christian apologist G. K. Chesterton, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can only find truth with logic if you have already found truth without it.\u8221\'94 (Example: every debate over the existence of God is won by His defenders.)\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Man is a self-conscious Nothing.\u8221\'94 Taken at face value, this statement is a paradox and a horror. Being self-conscious and being nothing should rule out each other. Instead they are coupled to suggest an unreal monstrosity, an existential chimera on the order of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93undead.\u8221\'94 The greater community of self-conscious mortals will tell you they are something, not nothing. The suicidal will tell you they are something but wish they were nothing. What almost no one will tell you is that they \u8220\'93know\u8221\'94 they are nothing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 living puppets helpless to act except as bidden by powers unseen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but, being self-conscious, suffer the illusion that they are something. They believe this is how it is with everyone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that all of us are living the same paradox, the same horror. They also believe we will do anything to keep this knowledge out of our heads because if we did not, how could we go on living? And why would we replenish the world with more self-conscious nothings, more puppets?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take a moment to consider the puppet. It is an object made somewhat in our image that does not know what we know . . . or believe ourselves to know, which amounts to the same thing. Undeniably, our minds have wanton moments when a puppet seems as if it can come to life, hop up like a human being, know things that we know and perhaps other things that we do not. Then an insoluble psychological conflict erupts, a dissonance of perception that sends a tremor of supernatural horror through our being. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through the prophylactic of self-illusion, we hide from what we fear to let into our heads. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But puppets have nothing to hide. They are more than willing to betray a secret too terrible for us to know. Our lives are full of baffling questions that virtuosos of speculation trifle with and the rest of us forget about. Naked apes or embodied angels we perhaps may be, but not self-conscious nothings. We are somebodies who move freely about and think what we choose. Puppets are not like that. They have nothing in their heads. They are unreal. When they are in motion, we know they are moved by an outside force. When they speak, their voices come from elsewhere. Their orders come from somewhere behind and beyond them. And were they ever to become aware of that fact, they would collapse at the horror of it all, as would we. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All supernatural horror depends on a confusion of what we believe should be and should not be.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But to all appearances, thank God and nature, there is nothing to worry about. Almost everyone believes we are natural beings whose lives have an inborn value. No one can prove that our existence is a paradox and a horror. Everything is all right with the world. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although no solid answers seem impending on the broader questions presented by consciousness, there is general assent on its main effect: to make human beings the only creatures who know they are alive and know they will die. From this knowledge, everything that separates us from other life-forms derives. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Being alive is all right.\u8221\'94 More thoughtful respondents will add, \u8220\'93Especially when you consider the alternative,\u8221\'94 betraying a jocularity that is as logically puzzling as it is macabre.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They may even fulminate that being alive is objectionable and useless on principle.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Were there any choice on our part about what we think and feel, it would not be adventurous to conjecture that we would think only as needed and choose to feel good as appropriate. Some might choose to live in a permanent state of intense euphoria. With godlike power over your thoughts and moods, why hold back? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such control would permit us, by fiat of self-addlement, to be careless of every hideous fact that our consciousness may impart about life and death. What is more, those who say that being alive is all right and those who aver the opposite would become united rather divided: we all do what we can to lock out what being alive implies, whichever side of the issue we may be on. And since we have no power of veto over our birth, we could choose to be ecstatic about it rather than negative. We would all be on the same side if we had absolute control over any lethal knowledge that might come into our heads. But the best we can do is this: stay as stupid as we can for as long as we can. And some people can stay just so stupid for just so long. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Being alive\u8221\'94 encompasses such an abounding medley of feelings and sensations that it means nothing to say one knows anything about it. We may think of ourselves as \u8220\'93being alive\u8221\'94 in moments of exhilaration or well being, yet we have no smaller portion of life in us when we are depressed or are suffering in some other style. And if we are not suffering at present\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or at least not suffering noticeably\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it is insurmountably difficult to know what suffering is like, or what it was once like for us in the past as well as what it will be like in the future. As for knowing that we will die, our ignorance is absolute, now and forever. We can only fear death without knowing anything about what we fear. Some people can short-circuit their jitters about public speaking by exposing themselves to it repeatedly. But no mortal can overcome the fear of death with practice.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 AI we are encumbering it with the inability to choose what to think about. We are its environment. It navigates us.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The butcher, the baker, and the crushing majority of philosophers all agree on one thing: human life is splendidly justified, and its continuance by means of biological reproduction should be forever in vogue. To tout the opposing side is asking for trouble vis-\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u224\'E0-vis a world in which all commerce depends on handshakes and smiles.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Among such efforts is a treatise whose title has been rendered into English as On the Tragic (1941). Written by the Norwegian philosopher and man of letters Peter Wessel Zapffe (1899-1990), On the Tragic has not appeared in any major language at the time of this writing. By some fluke or fortune, however, Zapffe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s essay \u8220\'93The Last Messiah\u8221\'94 (1933), which broadly sketches the principles of his masterwork, has been twice been translated into English }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rigorously considered, our only natural birthright is to die.) No other rights have been allocated to us except, to repeat with emphasis, as fabrications.4 The divine right of kings may now be acknowledged as such a fabrication\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a falsified permit for prideful dementia and arbitrary mayhem. The unalienable rights of certain people, however, seemingly remain current: whether observed or violated, somehow we believe they are not fabrications because an old document says they are real. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Miserly or munificent as a given right may appear, it denotes no more than the right of way warranted by a traffic light, which does not mean you have the right to drive free of vehicular mishaps. Ask any paramedic. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~tragedy entered the human scene only after our wayward heads began to gyrate with consciousness and self-consciousness: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We are the species that knows too much to content ourselves with merely surviving, reproducing, dying\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and nothing else. We want there to be more to it than that, or to think there is. This is the tragedy: consciousness has forced us into the paradoxical position of uselessly striving to be something other than what we are\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hunks of spoiling flesh on crumbling bones.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 we thwart it in four principle ways: (1) by isolation of the dire facts of existence from our minds, denying both to ourselves and to others (in a conspiracy of silence) that our condition is inherently disconcerting and problematic; (2) by anchoring our lives in metaphysical and institutional \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93verities\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 God, Country, Family, Laws\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 based on charters issued by an enforcing authority (in the same way as a hunting license), imbuing us with a sense of being official, authentic, and guarded while shunting aside the feeling that these documents are not worth the paper they are written on (in the same way as a passport establishes one\u8217\'92s identity even though it may be forged); (3) by distraction, a widespread conspiracy in which everyone keeps their eyes on the ball\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or a television screen or fireworks display\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and their heads placidly unreflective; (4) by sublimation, the process by which thinkers and artistic types recycle the most demoralizing and unnerving aspects of life as works in which the worst fortunes of humanity are represented in a stylized and removed manner for the purposes of edification and entertainment, forming the conspiracy of creating and consuming products that provide an escape from our suffering in the guise of a false confrontation with it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tragic drama or philosophical woolgathering, for instance. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These tactics keep our imaginations from scrutinizing too closely the smorgasbord of pains and death-agonies laid out for us. Alongside these corporeal unpleasantries is the abstract abashment some persons suffer because, at the end of the day, they feel their lives are destitute of any meaning or purpose }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As posited above, consciousness may have facilitated our species\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 survival in the hard times of prehistory, but as it became evermore acute it evolved the potential to ruin everything if not held firmly in check. Therefore, we must either outsmart consciousness or drown in its vortex of doleful factuality. Given this premise, Zapffe makes his second proposition, which is that the sensible thing to do would be to call off all procreative activities, thereby stamping out what has often been called the \u8220\'93curse of consciousness.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To repeat: we can tolerate existence only if we believe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in accord with a complex of illusions, a legerdemain of impenetrable deception\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that we are not what we are.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In plain language, we cannot live with ourselves except as impostors. As Zapffe points out in \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Last Messiah,\u8221\'94 this is the paradox of the human: the impossibility of not lying to ourselves 19}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 about ourselves and about our no-win situation in this world. Thus, we are zealots of the four strategies delineated above: isolation (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Being alive is all right\u8221\'94), anchoring (\u8220\'93One Nation under God with Families and Laws for all\u8221\'94), distraction (\u8220\'93Better to kill time than kill oneself\u8221\'94), and sublimation (\u8220\'93I am writing a book titled The Conspiracy against the Human Race\u8221\'94).\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without this cognitive double-dealing, being alive would bare itself as a sordid burlesque and not the fabulous thing we thought it was. Maybe then we would know what it is to be human instead of just puppets beating the boards and one another.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 But you see, he is missing a critical component - We are born and we die, yes, but there is also sensation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Being royally conscious of the solemn precincts in which we exist, of the savage wasteland that lies beneath all the piddling nonsense, would turn our world in on its head. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We can pretend this will not happen, fantasizing super-scientific eternities, but in good time we will be taken out of the scene. This turn of events will be the defeat of Project Immortality, which has been in the works for millennia. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without a terminus imposed on our lifetimes, their 20}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 uselessness would become excruciatingly overt. Knowing ourselves to be on a collision course with the Wall of Death may be a horror, but it is the only thing that makes it possible to value that which comes before. While this quid pro quo may be a bad value, without it there is no value, for those who care. The eternal afterlife awaiting some of us on the other side of the wall is, quite naturally, only another end-of-the-line established to make this life valuable . . . or at least livable, which amounts to the same thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if only you knew how horrible the long of nothingnessi s, you would long for the gas chamber. Unending bliss is nothingness. A white blur. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unacceptable \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  God here seems human}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Others must be satisfied with mere driblets of value that stream thinly back from a terminal point in death or immortality.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neither of Zapffe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s main propositions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the mistake of consciousness or the corrective of shutting down the assembly line of reproduction\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is exclusive to his philosophy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Buddhism has long preached that ordinary consciousness is the greatest roadblock to the deliverance of human beings from the crucible of existence. In his Tragic Sense of Life in Men and Nations (1913), the Spanish writer Miguel de Unamuno speaks of consciousness as a disease bred by a conflict between the rational and the irrational. The irrational represents all that is vital in humanity, including a universal desire for immortality. The rational is identified with the conclusions of consciousness, primarily that we will all die. The coexistence of the rational and the irrational turns the human experience into a wrangle of contradictions to which we can submit with a suicidal resignation or obstinately defy as heroes of futility. (Unamuno\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s penchant is for heroic course with the implied precondition that one has the physical and psychological spunk for the fight: \u8220\'93I think, therefore I will die; but I cannot let that keep me from acting as if I did not think.\u8221\'94) The contradiction between the rational and the irrational in Unamuno\u8217\'92s Tragic Sense of Life is echoed by French existentialist superstar Albert Camus as the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absurd\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the scientific side there is mismatch theory. This subsidiary concept of evolutionary psychology studies characteristics of our species that were once adaptive but have since become inimical to surviving in the environment we have made for ourselves. The same idea was cited by Theodore Kaczynski (a.k.a. The Unabomber) as a rationalization for the mayhem he committed in his one-man war on technological \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93advancement.\u8221\'94 The combination of our species\u8217\'92 aggressive nature with its relatively recent leap in consciousness and intellect was incarnated by Kaczynski himself, whose sophisticated brain and violent actions fit like a velvet glove in a chain mail gauntlet. Another luminary of \u8220\'93civilization,\u8221\'94 the British physicist Stephen Hawking, has also alleged that our vigorous exercise of conscious thought without a counterbalancing diminution of aggression is a formula for 21}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 disaster. In the immemorial past, the cocktail of intelligence and ferocity gave us a leg up on the predatory competition, but it has since become a real powder keg of perils, not to mention being the nucleus of those psychological discontents popularized by Sigmund Freud.9}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his 1910 doctoral dissertation, published in English as Persuasion and Rhetoric (2004), the twenty-three-year-old Italian philosopher Carlo Michelstaedter vehemently critiqued, very much in same terms as Zapffe, the maneuvers by which we falsify the realities of human existence in exchange for a speciously comforting view of our lives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Michelstaedter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s biographers and critics have speculated that his hopelessness regarding any person\u8217\'92s ability to break through their web of illusions was the cause of his suicide (two bullets from a gun) the day after he finished his dissertation. Other examples could be offered of serious philosophers and intellectuals who have observed that, while officially we crow about our brain-to-body ratio, much of our time is spent trying to keep that beast in our skulls well sedated. Few thinkers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 by definition, one would have to say\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 have been untroubled by our self-awareness.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But individuals are defined by their limitations; without them, they fall outside the barrier of identifiable units, functionaries in the big show of collective existence, attach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9s to the human species. The farther you proceed toward a vision of humankind under the aspect of eternity, the farther you drift from what makes you a person among persons in this world. In the observance of Zapffe, an overactive consciousness endangers the approving way in which we define ourselves and our lives. It does this by threatening our self-limited perception of who we are and what it means to know we are alive and will die. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Gnostic sect of the Cathari in twelfth-century France were so tenacious in believing the world to be an evil place engendered by an evil deity that its members were offered a dual ultimatum: sexual abstinence or sodomy. (A similar sect in Bulgaria, the Bogomils, became the etymological source of the term \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93bugger\u8221\'94 for their adherence to the latter practice.) While mandated abstinence for clerics was around the same time embedded in the doctrines of the Catholic Church, even though they betimes give in to sexual quickening, its raison d\u8217\'92\u234\'EAtre was said to be the attainment of grace (and in legend was a requisite for those in search of the Holy Grail) rather than to speed the extinction of humanity.\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And if we are mistaken about consciousness being a mistake, our self-removal from this planet would still be a magnificent move on our part, the most laudable masterstroke of our existence . . . and the only one. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hedonism will not wash as a justification for our existence. No price is too high for our creaturely reward of just being here and knowing that others will be here after us. This is our \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93pleasure,\u8221\'94 and no pain will lead our species to question it. If this pleasure began in biology, it now stems primarily from psychological satisfactions. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And how many have deterred their minds from real torture by derealizing it in paintings, music, or words because they could not abide this consciousness (sublimation)? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The earth is not our home. We came from nothing, and to that condition our nostalgia should turn. Why would anyone care about this dim bulb in the blackness of space? The earth produced us, or at least subsidized our evolution. Is it really entitled to receive a pardon, let alone the sacrifice of human lives, for this original sin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a capital crime in reverse (very much in the same way that reproduction makes one an accessory before the fact to an individual\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s death)? Someone once said that nature abhors a vacuum. This is precisely why nature should be abhorred. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a theory that the creation of the human species is nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s roundabout way of cutting into its veins and bleeding out.14 A strange idea, no protesting that, but not the strangest we have ever heard or lived by. We could at least assume the theory and see where it leads. If it is false, then where is the harm? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From a human vantage, would this not be a just self-punishment by nature for fashioning a world in which pain is essential, a world that could not exist without pain, a world where pain is the guiding principle of all organisms, which are relentlessly pushed by pain throughout their lives to do that which will improve their chances of surviving long enough to create more of themselves? Left unchecked, this process will last as long as a single cell is left quivering in this cesspool of the solar system, this toilet of the galaxy. So why not lend a hand in nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eradication, in case it has second thoughts? For want of a deity, let the earth take the blame for our troubles. What else is it good for?\~ \~Let it save itself if it can\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the condemned are known for the acrobatics they will perform to wriggle out of their sentences\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but if it cannot destroy what it has made, then may it perish along with every other living thing it has brought forth in pain. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The impellent for favoring the latter term, with its dual overtones of both the moral and the metaphysical, is not only to bolster the credibility of another world, one that is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93better\u8221\'94 than this one, but also to create a distance between the condition of being and the condition of suffering. This ploy is more arresting in Western than in Eastern religions. The purpose of distancing the condition of being from that of suffering is to salvage the world as a terrain of action}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 where there is something of worth to be fought over rather than dismissing it as a material hell where to be born is a curse and to breed others in our image is an act of criminal insanity.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such is the function of the concept of evil\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to give glamour, in both meanings of the word, to our lives. Pain, on the other hand, is an unglamorous fact of life and cannot be raised or lowered to the status of a concept, either moral or metaphysical, and compresses the distance between the condition of being and the condition of suffering. In pain, the two are one. For a Western religion such as Christianity, evil can be brushed aside as being \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93in the world\u8221\'94 but not identical with it, offering believers the possibility of atoning for their divagations from the straight and narrow, and, if all goes well, securing their eternal salvation.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ask Gilles de Rais, who confessed to the sexually motivated disfigurement and murder of scores and perhaps hundreds of children, then was executed in good odor with the Church for his spoken repentance and therewith reserved a place for himself in God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heaven. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for his heinous crime, he was issued a fast-track ticket to paradise after repenting. The children? Who knows where they ended up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The doctrines of any world-class religion, dolorous as some of them are, will never be similarly defamed. The world dotes on its lunatics, whether saintly or sadistic, and commemorates their careers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salvation by immortality\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that keystone of every religious schema except Buddhism\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 has meaning only for those who have been bred to be normal psychotics. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a risky thing for anyone to do, but it is even more touchy for writers because anti-spiritual convictions will demote their work to a lower archive than that of wordsmiths who capitulate to what \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the heart knows\u8221\'94 . . . or at least follow the maxim of being equivocal on the subject of our species. Readers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and this includes even the highest brows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 do not want to be told that their lives came about by an 28}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line Begin cresedo of music to wipe the emotional slate clean before the player enters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 evolutionary contingency and that meaning is not even in play as an issue in human existence, at least not against a cosmic and eternal background}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without a whole-hearted belief in the self, the person, our world is kaput. Were a personal god to be excluded from everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s universe, persons would still retain their status. Otherwise, everything we know would be a no-go. Why bother to succeed as individuals or to progress as societies once we have identified ourselves as only a crisscrossing mesh of stuttering memories, sensations, and impulses? Because these events occur inside the same sack of skin, we suppose an enduring, continuous personality\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something to be exalted or condemned either in the mass or as separate units, something that serves as the substructure for war, romance, and every other genre of human activity. In the hierarchy of our most puissant fictions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Homeland, God, Family\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Person is at the pinnacle. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Key to Nietzsche\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s popular success with atheist-amoralist folk is his materialistic mysticism, a sleight of mind that makes the world\u8217\'92s meaninglessness into something meaningful and transmogrifies fate into freedom before our eyes. As for Schopenhauer\u8217\'92s truly fatalistic puppetry, in which an unknowable phenomenon (the Will) pulls all the strings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that had to go. If none but Schopenhauer have conceived of the Will as an actual phenomenon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 one that has as much going for it as any god, which is not saying much\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it still has the power to be depressing, for it reduces persons to masks. But Nietzsche needed persons, not masks, for his philosophy. Specifically, the Nietzschean love of fate (amor fati) works only insofar as a person, a self, is real enough to give this love a meaning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not something unreal, not a self-conscious nothing, not anything whose orders come from somewhere behind and beyond it. In confederacy with those whom he believed himself to have surpassed in the race toward an undefined destiny, Nietzsche did what he could to keep the human pageant strolling toward . . . wherever.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even though he had the clarity of mind to recognize that values did not grow on trees nor were writ on stone tablets, he duped himself into thinking that it was possible to create them, although how and what would be created he could not say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tough-minded enough to demolish the life-rejecting faith of the Crucified, Nietzsche was also fated to perpetuate His tripe with the Anti-christ-like impostures of Zarathustra, who was groomed to take over Christianity\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s administration of the Western world and keep it afloat with counterfeit funds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all the many religions, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re all worthless. Eliminate them all and they would pop up in some other form. This is what culture is. What art is \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Art push through the barbs - tough skin, unreasonable confidence, flair for the dramatic to look into the void.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See James E. Edwards\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 The Plain Sense of Things: The Fate of Religion in the Age of Normal Nihilism, 1997. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is not what fans of a better future wish to hear. Even highbrow readers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 perhaps because they tend to be immoderately stricken with consciousness, which is always a stickler if you want to keep your spirits from flagging into depression\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 will deny the validity of such a vision or treat it as only a literary diversion, which in effect is all that it is . . . along with every glyph and scribble ever made or tale told since Gilgamesh sojourned in the land of the dead. These same readers have been seen in public lapping up such drivel as Theosophy, Anthroposophy, Transcendental Meditation, Paganism and Neopaganism, Pantheism, Gnosticism, and the preaching of New Age sects }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As a rule, though, most prefer old and reputable belief systems and their sectarian outgrowths. So they trust in the deity of the Old Testament, an incontinent putz who soiled Himself and the universe with His corruption, a born screw-up whose seedy creation led the Gnostics to conceive of this genetic force as a factory-second, low-budget divinity pretending to be the genuine article. They trust in Jesus Christ, a historical cipher cobbled together like Frankenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s monster out of parts robbed from the graves of messiahs dead and buried\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a savior on a stick. They trust in Allah and his mouthpiece Mohammed, a prophet-come-lately who pioneered a new genus of humbuggery for an emerging market of believers that was not being adequately served by existing religious products. They trust in anything that verifies their importance as persons, tribes, societies, and particularly as a species that will endure in this world and perhaps in an afterworld that may be uncertain, unclear, or an out-and-out nightmare, but which sates their appetite for values not of this earth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that depressing, meaningless place they know so well and want nothing more than to obliterate from their consciousness }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That would be to break a tacit social contract, which may be stated: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave me to my bullshit, and I will leave you to yours.\u8221\'94 Like every other social contract, it is \u8220\'93more honoured in the breach than in the observance,\u8221\'94 as one writer quipped, touching off a scholarly debate as to whether the meaning of this statement is (1) that rules of decency and civility are routinely broken or (2) it is morally incumbent upon us to break certain rules rather than observe them. This squabble depends on which word one believes should be emphasized, \u8220\'93honoured\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93breach.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sense that one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life has meaning and purpose is sometimes declared to be a necessary condition for acquiring or maintaining a state of good feeling. This is horrifying news considering the mind-boggling number of books and therapies for a market of discontented individuals who are short on a sense of meaning and purpose, either in a limited and localized variant (\u8220\'93I received an \u8216\'91A\u8217\'92 on my calculus exam\u8221\'94) or one that is macrocosmic in scope (\u8220\'93There is no God but Allah, and Mohammed is his prophet\u8221\'94). Those who are euphoric, or even moderately content, are not parched for 36}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 meaning and purpose. Relatively speaking, feeling good is its own justification. As long as such states last, why spoil a good thing with self-searching interrogations in re: meaning and purpose? But a high tone of elation could also be a sign of psychopathology, as it is for individuals who have been diagnosed with bipolar affective disorder. Such persons should be treated by mental health professionals, although their therapeutics often mires a patient in the ravings of therapists who are modern-day incarnations of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93positive thinking\u8221\'94 preachers such as Norman Vincent Peale. No one ever bought a copy of The Power of Positive Thinking (1952) who was not unsatisfied with his or her life.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 or Hartmann, the struggle for deliverance is not between humanity and nature, but between the affirmation of all phenomena by their continuance in any form and the negation of same by the evolution of a super-developed form of being that could exterminate every }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 scintilla of existence}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  at the very source of creation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 scintilla of the spark}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 woman was first created. Then came man to destroy her creations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is uproariously implausible that humankind will ever leave off breeding. But we can imagine that someday we will be able to suffocate every cell on earth with reasonable certainly using a destructive mechanism not yet devised, since nuclear or biological weapons would probably leave simpler organisms unharmed and spoiling for a new evolution. This planetary doomsday would not depend on the assent of billions (a huddle of holdouts could foil Zapffe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s solution for the disappearance of all humans and quasi-humans) but could occur either accidentally or by the initiative of a few messianic individuals. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 idea of conscious ideas as competing for the most affirming. Buddha went from skinny to fat. AI will have been trained on these ideas. It is the literal manifestation of life affirment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in afterlife story, have one legendary ghost figure who no one knows who it is. He refuses to speak, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been there longer than anyone. We searched the earth to see the cult which worships him, can\u8217\'92t find it. ALos, amusing buddhists who have been trapped, who thought they escaped - Huang Po. Also, collection of prideful people - but they are young, they will . Even starting of new religions, lots of competition amongst people who have ideas, and they don\u8217\'92t last long because theirs not much, materially to gain. No money, no sex. Just social standing. Can\u8217\'92t physically harm anyone. Also - a simple name is not enough - a shard of your personality must survive in memory - so how sad, but how glorious, that most jews murdered in the holocaust were not here long.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~The credo of the Church Father Tertullian, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe because it is absurd,\u8221\'94 might as rightly be attributed to Camus.\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aside from a repertoire of tricks we can do that other animals cannot, the truest indicator of a human being is unhappiness. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 chimps, elephants, etc. Get unhappy}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~In the end, Camus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 injunction that we must imagine Sisyphus as happy is as typical as it is feculent. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~In the products of high or low culture, philosophical disquisitions, and arid chitchat, the anthem of life must forever roar above the squeaks of dissent. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But to express with any adequacy the sucking emptiness within everything a 38}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 nonlinguistic modality would be requisite, some delirious effusion out of a dream that coalesced every nuance of the useless and wordlessly transmitted into our heads the vacuity of a clockwork universe. Indigent of such means of communication, the uselessness of all that breathes and breeds must be spoken with a poor potency.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We believe ourselves to be in control\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is the mistake. We believe ourselves to be something we are not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is the mistake and that is the superstition. To perpetuate the belief in these superstitions, to conspire in the suffering of future generations is the only misconduct to be expiated. To collaborate in our own suffering and that of human posterity is the mistake.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 opper remolded this muddled, if sonorous, summation of a positive Utilitarianism into a negative Utilitarianism whose position he handily stated as follows: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It adds to clarity in the fields of ethics, if we formulate our demands negatively, i.e. if we demand the elimination of suffering rather than the promotion of happiness.\u8221\'94 Taken to its logical and most humanitarian conclusion, Popper\u8217\'92s demand can have as its only end the elimination of those who suffer and the stifling of future generations that will keep suffering with absolute surety if our species does not hold off\~ incarnating itself.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Naturally, Popper held his horses well before suggesting that to eliminate suffering would demand that we as a species be eliminated. Even so, the Austrian-born philosopher inseminated others with the basics for a Negative Utilitarianism, a marginal school of thought that has made a world-mission of the yearning to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93eliminate\u8221\'94 pain in human life. Other interesting movements of a similar type are Painism and Algonomy. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he had hyped it as true and had been complimentary, or equivocal, he could have died a rich man because people will always spend their money on intriguing falsehoods }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Schopenhauer lived at a time when philosophers had to be ablaze with immodesty if they were to grab the world with the truth of their ideas and only their ideas.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Human destiny now took a back seat to provable or falsifiable data in physics, biology, astrophysics, chemistry, theoretical physics, geology, nuclear physics, mathematical physics, and so on. Reality specialists who trafficked in human experience could go talk among themselves if they did not disturb the grown-ups while they figured out genetic codes and the location of black holes. To the fullest extent possible, specialists in human reality have attempted to merge their speculations with science. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Along with their more technical and abstract brethren, their findings have been enunciated by and addressed to a group of people who already share a sense of what it is to be in the world, given their similitude in intellect, income, social status, and psychological fitness, as well as their generally appearing and behaving like one another. What friction exists among them is usually confined to certain theoretical details expounded in their works. Each of them has his own answer to some piece of the puzzle of things as they really are . . . for human beings, that is. These specialists in human reality eventually die and others fill their positions. The friction goes on, no great progress is made, and everyone can feel safe that the puzzle will never be put together. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This insures job security for every sort of reality specialist. Should the puzzle ever be put together, it would be the greatest disaster in human history. To piece together a picture of things as they really are in both the human and nonhuman world is not what anyone wants, for it would be the end of us. If reality specialists had the chance to know everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not just a Theory of Everything (TOE)\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they would probably be unable to say no, not after millennia of pretending that this is what they have been working toward. But would they not also quake in their boots at this unprecedented ascension? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We aspire to omniscience, but should we ever actually become omniscient what would be the point in continuing to exist? The game would be over and done. No mystery would be left to lend our lives a mystique, and without this mystique everything we do would be reduced to numbers we could look up in a computer file and have no need to puzzle over. We would be victorious . . . and bored to death. Everything having to do with humanity and nonhumanity would hit a wall and come to a stop. We seem to have set out on an expedition whose success would be our ruin. The only way out, perhaps, would be to fashion creatures less knowing than ourselves and exist through them. What humiliation, what pathos that we should ever end up as gods. Is there nothing that can bring us into reconciliation with the cancer of existence? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God is dead,\u8221\'94 wrote Mainl\u228\'E4nder, \u8220\'93and His death was the life of the world.\u8221\'94 Once the great individuation had been accomplished, the momentum of its creator\u8217\'92s self-annihilation would continue in a piecemeal fashion until nothing remained standing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Solraheen couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it, annihilate himself. So he did all this. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 not of a movement of a tortured life within beings, but as a deceptive cover for an underlying death wish in all things to burn themselves out as hastily as possible in the fires of becoming . . . or begoing, as it were. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See Bill Joy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s essay \u8220\'93Why the future doesn\u8217\'92t need us,\u8221\'94 in which the co-founder of a computer vendor and IT services provider speculates how technology may someday save\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is, kill\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 us all. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Mainl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u228\'E4nder\u8217\'92s philosophy, Zapffe\u8217\'92s Last Messiah is not a sage who will be unwelcome but a force that has been in the works since God took his own life. Rather than resist our end, as Mainl\u228\'E4nder concludes, we will come to see that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the knowledge that life is worthless is the flower of all human wisdom.\u8221\'94 Elsewhere the philosopher states, \u8220\'93Life is hell, and the sweet still night of absolute death is the annihilation of hell.\u8221\'94\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a rebuttal of Mainl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u228\'E4nder\u8217\'92s thought, see H. P. Blavatsky\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93The Origin of Evil,\u8221\'94 which first appeared in the journal Lucifer (October 1897). This article is also available through an Internet search at the time of this writing. For rebuttals of all other religious interpretations of the universe and our place in it, see the vast library of materials written to this purpose }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Wall and the Book,\u8221\'94 The twentieth-century Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges writes: \u8220\'93Music, states of happiness, mythology, faces belabored by time, certain twilights and certain places try to tell us something, or have said something we should not have missed, or are about to say something; this imminence of a revelation which does not occur is, perhaps, the aesthetic phenomenon\u8221\'94\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Notes on the Writing of Weird Fiction\u8221\'94 opens with this sentence: \u8220\'93My reason for writing stories is to give myself the satisfaction of visualising more clearly and detailedly and stably the vague, elusive, fragmentary impressions of wonder, beauty, and adventurous expectancy which are conveyed to me by certain sights (scenic, architectural, atmospheric, etc.), ideas, occurrences, and images encountered in art and literature\u8221\'94 (emphasis added). This sense of mystery that is never dissipated by express knowledge but is forever an imminence or expectancy explains much of the attraction of the best supernatural stories (Algernon Blackwood\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93The Willows,\u8221\'94 Lovecraft\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93The Colour out of Space, Poe\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93The Fall of the House of Usher,\u8221\'94 Borges\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93Tl\u246\'F6n, Uqbar, Orbius Tertius\u8221\'94), which have at their center an abyss of the unknown, with perhaps a miasma of death floating about its edges. Only when we feel that something great is about to be revealed does anything seem to mean something. And this experience, as the preceding quotes from Borges and Lovecraft concur, is stirred by works of art or by an aesthetic vision of things in the world. Meaning arises on the brink of knowing and topples with the incursions of scriptures, doctrines, and narratives that specify the mysterious as an object, a datum. In themselves, all objects and data in existence are meaningless. }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 To wail adamantly that a god exists is to kill that god or turn it into a plastic idol. To say that a god might exist is to vivify it with the meaning of mystery. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Borges\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s essay \u8220\'93The Doctrine of Cycles\u8221\'94 both cites and conceives several refutations catastrophic for the ancient concept of the eternal return, which posits the unending and identical recurrence of all beings and events. In the words of the bookish Argentine, the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93eternal return of the same\u8221\'94 is \u8220\'93the most horrible idea in the universe.\u8221\'94 To Borges, this idea was a nightmare born of bad philosophy; to Nietzsche, it was a nightmare fathered by his need to be joyful, or to believe he would be joyful no matter what horror befell him. In Nietzsche\u8217\'92s world, coming to terms with this idea as a reality was a must for affirming one\u8217\'92s life and life itself, thus recalculating the horrors of existence into a fate, or an unceasing series of fates, that would somehow inspire love rather than alarm.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Given the antimony on this issue between Borges and Nietzsche, should one writer be heralded over the other as genuine, authentic, or whatever term of approval one cares to wield? The question is moot to the highest possible or impossible power. Each man was handling the stress of a hyper-diligent consciousness in his own style and not in one pressed upon him by cognitive meddlers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his lectures collected as The Varieties of Religious Experience (1902), William James offers an individual\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sense of \u8220\'93ontological wonder\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93cosmic emotion\u8221\'94 to argue for the legitimacy of religious faith. As sincere and existentially well grounded as any philosopher or psychologist who ever lived, James believed that overstepping logic was all right if there was a practical \u8220\'93cash value\u8221\'94 return on one\u8217\'92s intellectual gerrymandering. This belief is perceptibly valuable for those who will suck upon anything to nurture their oneiric belief in a universe that has an overarching purpose or meaning of a religious nature. In both his creative writings and his letters, Lovecraft\u8217\'92s expression of precisely the feelings James describes cancels out the philosopher-psychologist\u8217\'92s argument. (Such an impeachment of James\u8217\'92s defense of the faithful must naturally been met with a counterpoint. See \u8220\'93William James on Cognitivity of Feelings, Religious Pessimism, and the Meaning of Life\u8221\'94 by Ellen Kappy Suckiel in The Journal of Speculative Philosophy, 2004.) For Lovecraft, the experience of cosmic wonder, even as it partook of a sense of horror, was elemental to his interest in remaining alive. He saw the universe as nothingness in motion and lived to tell about it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~On the other side is a famous utterance by the seventeenth-century scientist and Christian philosopher Blaise Pascal concerning his sense of being \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93engulfed in the infinite immensity of spaces whereof I know nothing, and which know nothing of me; I am terrified. The eternal silence of these infinite spaces fills me with dread\u8221\'94 (Pens\u233\'E9es, 1670).\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The prophesized leap will be jumpstarted by computer gadgetry and somehow will involve artificial intelligence, nanotechnology, genetic engineering, and other habiliments of high technology.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~we will go on with our lives as stumblebums of the same old story, puppets of a script we did not write and cannot read. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 acting out a script she could not read. The lines would come to her. And she would say them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Singularity encapsulates a perennial error among the headliners of science: that there has never been nor will ever be the least qualitative difference between the earliest single-celled organisms and any human or machine conceivable or not conceivable in a world whose future is without a destination. That we are going nowhere is not a curable fate; that we must go nowhere at the fastest possible velocity just might be curable, although probably not. Either way, it makes no difference. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take the Book of Job. Were its protagonist an actual man and not a lesson in fearful obeisance, or whatever his story is supposed to convey, the Old Testament might contain a symphony of rancor greater than any this world has known. But Job turns legalistic rather than abusive; he wants to argue why he should be spared his hellish trials. No good can come of that. Any argument can go on interminably . . . or until one party gives in, which is what Job does for no intelligible reason. One thing that Job\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tale has conferred upon worshipers down through the ages is a work out in rationalization, a front-row seat at a seminar in masochistic logic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the whole bag of theodicy, the defense of God\u8217\'92s ways. Job\u8217\'92s taste for consistency and coherence in his god could have been easily put to rest by affirming that neither justice nor any other kind of worldly order is the birthright of humanity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Zapffe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93The Last Messiah,\u8221\'94 the titular figure appears at the end and makes the quasi-Delphic, biblically parodic pronouncement, \u8220\'93Know yourselves\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 be infertile and let the earth be silent after ye\u8221\'94 (emphasis not added). As Zapffe pictures the scene, the Last Messiah\u8217\'92s words are not well received: \u8220\'93And when he has spoken, they will pour themselves over him, led by the pacifier makers and the midwives, and bury him in their fingernails.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 seems to me that the stasis of an individual is what bothers him. There is change though, change in population over time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cou\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9 is best known for urging believers in his method to repeat the following sentence:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Day by day, in every way, I am getting better and better,\u8221\'94 a string of syllables so fantastically trite that in all probability their sentiment of pushing oneself forth in life ante-dates language itself. On his lecture tours, Cou\u233\'E9 was greeted by celebrities and dignitaries around the world. Hordes turned out for his funeral in 1926. Schopenhauer could not fill a classroom with students who wanted to hear his lectures. By these occurrences, we are again reminded that humankind has always displayed a vigorous immunity to the morally injurious disillusionment that attends new ideas. As Lovecraft justly observed in the first paragraph of his story \u8220\'93The Call of Cthulhu,\u8221\'94 science (knowledge) has never posed a serious imperilment to humanity\u8217\'92s concept of itself, a post-Darwinian insight that is as true in the twenty-first century as when Lovecraft penned it in 1926. All revisions of our \u8220\'93place in the universe\u8221\'94 have served only as a partial antidote for religion, everyday superstition, and certain schools of philosophy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Buddha was purportedly incurious about how or why the universe and its inhabitants came to be. What possible difference could such information make to someone who had consecrated himself to a single end: to become liberated from the illusions that held his head to the grindstone of existence? In a very real sense, Buddhism was the prototype for the field of neuroscience, which may yet deliver a blow from which the self-image of humankind will not soon recover. What remains to be seen is this: will neuroscientists substantively modify our concepts about who we are and where we stand or merely cause our heads to make some pettifogging modifications. The reception of the research of a Canadian scientist name Michael Persinger may be a predictor of humanity\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s genius for keeping its head locked into the old ways. In the 1980s, Persinger modified a motorcycle helmet to affect the magnetic fields of the brain of its wearer, inducing a variety of strange sensations. These included experiences in which subjects temporarily felt themselves proximate to supernatural phenomena that included ghosts and gods. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Atheists have used Persinger\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s studies to nail close their argument for the subjectivity of anyone\u8217\'92s sense of the supernatural, while believers have written books contending that the magnetic-field-emitting motorcycle helmet proves the existence of a god who has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hard-wired\u8221\'94 itself into our brain. A field of study called neurotheology grew up around this and other laboratory experiments. Even if you can substantiate a scientific find with a cudgel of data that should render the holy opposition unconscious, they will be at the ready to discredit you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 imprisonment, torture, and public execution having gone the way of chastity belts. The bonus of this deadlock for writers of supernatural horror is that it ensures the larger part of humanity will remain in a state of fear, because no one can ever be certain of either his own ontological status or that of gods, demons, alien invaders, and sundry other bugbears. A Buddhist would advise that we forget about whether or not the bogeymen we have invented or divined are real. The big question is this: are we real? This query may yet be taken out of the hands of enlightenment\~religions such as Buddhism and turned over to neuroscience and its satellite disciplines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But none should hold their breath for a verdict in this case, which will be in deliberation until the day that human beings cease to walk the earth, although not because they listened to the Last Messiah.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Aside from its lack of a god-figure, it sits atop two courageous and cogent observations, numbers one and two of the Four Noble Truths. The first is the equation between life and suffering. The second is that a craving for life is the provenance of suffering, which is useless and without value. (Pace C. S. Lewis [The Problem of Pain, 1940], whose apologetics are applauded by Christians for giving them ammo against logicians who cannot square an all-loving, all-knowing, and all-powerful God with the demonic sadism of His world. Theodicy notwithstanding, what more could a believer ask for than a chance to clean up in the afterlife by wagering their pains in this one?) These Two Noble Truths lead off a philosophy of hopelessness that might have amounted to something if prescriptions for salvation had not followed, as they did with the Third Noble Truth: that there is a way out of suffering. Now everything was up for grabs. How tragic that Buddha, or the committee that wrote under his pseudonym, did not stop with the first two of the Four Noble Truths but wandered into preaching a way that individuals\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and ultimately all of humanity\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 may be released from the shackles of suffering. That way is through the Noble Eightfold Path that leads to enlightenment and Nirvana. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As with other belief systems, Buddhism is a compilation of do-it-yourself projects, and some of them are unlike the faith herein encapsulated. This principle has its parallel in every philosophy, ideology, and bag of myths that has ever been presented to the world: because no two heads are contoured the same, no one system or collocation of systems will ever be an immaculate fit. If truth about yourself is what you seek, then the examined life will only take you on a long ride to the limits of solitude. The Buddhists have made a stand on this point by attacking the thought process itself. But this kind of headwork is grueling and about as viable as Wilhelm Reich\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s orgone accumulators, leaving followers of Buddhism with the same basket of empty promises as its cohorts in salvation.) With its dual objectives of enlightenment and cutting oneself loose from rebirth, Buddhism early on joined all other religions in pitching a brighter future for believers and their deliverance from the woes of this world. These wares may be had during an individual\u8217\'92s lifetime or could be delayed for a reincarnated shot at the bull\u8217\'92s-eye of karma, a hit-or-miss doctrine that Buddhists bummed from Hinduism. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Leaving aside reincarnation and the mental gymnastics this hypothesis foists upon the believer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ask Stephen Batchelor, author of Buddhism Without Beliefs (1998)\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the state or non-state of Nirvana, which dangles in the future like a numinous carrot in the darkness of life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suffering, has nothing on Christianity\u8217\'92s heaven or the Vikings\u8217\'92 Valhalla. It seems to be a superior conception\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or non-conception, if you prefer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to the ethereal theme parks of other religions on this basis: one is not asked to believe that something is true because a dogmatic authority says it is true; instead, one is invited to see the truth for oneself once maximum enlightenment kicks in, an invitation we are forewarned is extended only to those who do not doubt the truth in advance of lolling restfully in it. G. K. Chesterton would have condoned Buddhism on this point. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 --Chesterton's The Everlasting Man contributed to C. S. Lewis's conversion to Christianity. In a letter to Sheldon Vanauken (14 December 1950),[56] Lewis called the book "the best popular apologetic I know",[57] and to Rhonda Bodle he wrote (31 December 1947)[58] "the [very] best popular defence of the full Christian position I know is G. K. Chesterton's The Everlasting Man". The book was also cited in a list of 10 books that "most shaped his vocational attitude and philosophy of life".[59]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the marketplace of salvation, enlightenment is categorically the best buy ever offered (so say its ad-men). Rather than floundering in a world that seems to be nothing but smoke and mirrors, you may sign up to attain a conclusive vision of what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what and what\u8217\'92s not. Roughly speaking, enlightenment is the correction of our consciousness and the establishment of a state of being in which muddy illusion is washed away and a diamond of understanding shines through. This is the supreme payoff . . . if it may be had, if it has any reality outside the pat or cryptic locutions that allude to it. Millions of people have spent their lives, and some have even lost their minds, trying to win it without ever comprehending, as they sucked their last breath, what it was they had gambled to get. Had they indeed attained enlightenment without being aware of having done so? Were there stages of enlightenment and, if so, how far had they gotten? But enlightenment seems to be a well-defended redoubt whose location cannot be triangulated by speech, the only rule being that if you have to ask yourself if you have arrived, then it is certain you have not. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nevertheless, it does seem that a charmed circle of individuals have reached a state that corresponds to that of enlightenment as delineated\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 vaguely or rapturously\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in scads of scriptures, diaries, copyrighted publications, and public depositions. And they appear to have come to it unwarned, sometimes as a result of physical trauma or a Near-Death Experience. Perhaps the capital instance of enlightenment by accident is that of U. G.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Krishnamurti, who claims to have experienced clinical death and then returned to life as the kind of being glorified in the literature of enlightenment, although it should be added that U. G. never gave the least credence to any doctrine of awakening and blasted all religions as well as spirituality itself. (Contrary to the popular holy man Bhagavan Sri Ramana Maharshi, who at the age of sixteen reported his death and enlightenment, then spent the rest of his life as a chain-smoking guru. U. G. once met with Ramana Maharshi and was not impressed.) Through his clinical death, which he called a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93calamity\u8221\'94 due to the pain and confusion he felt during this process, U. G. became a puppet of nature. To his good fortune, he had no problem with his new way of functioning. He did not need to accept it since by his account he had lost all sense of having an ego that needed to accept or reject anything. How could someone who had ceased to partake in the commerce of selves, who had discarded his personhood, believe or not believe in anything so outlandish as enlightenment . . . or any other vendibles of the seeker\u8217\'92s scene, none of which are hugely evident and all of which are as outmoded as the gods of antiquity or tribal deities with names that sound comical to believers in \u8220\'93real\u8221\'94 religions?1}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some would interpret U. G\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disrespect for spiritual beliefs to be in happy accord with the nature of enlightenment, which they have been taught cannot be pinned down by particulars of any kind. Others would deny this assertion, perhaps because they have been indoctrinated to believe that both irreverence and deference are off the mark once one has}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93awakened.\u8221\'94 Neither side of this controversy would have tempted U. G. What he repeatedly exclaimed in interviews is the impossibility of human beings, except perhaps one in a billion, to keep their heads from overlaying teachings of any kind on their lives as animals who are born only to survive and reproduce, not to build either cultures or castles in the air. Mental activity beyond the basic programs of our animalism leads only }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to suffering, confusion, and self-deception. U. G never spoke of a solution for what our heads have made of our lives. We are captured by our illusions and there is no way out. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That U. G. came upon a way out, as he told his countless interrogators, was nothing but luck, nothing that he knew anything about or could pass on to others. Why bother, then, to tell people that there is no such thing as wisdom and that they are doomed to live and die helpless among the slagheap of their illusions. Why? Because these people came to him and asked for his help. To their pleas he immediately replied that he could not help them, nor could they help themselves. No help could be had from any sector in which they searched. They could seek all their lives and still make it to their deathbeds with nothing but the same useless questions and useless answers with which they began. U. G.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 had his, but they would never get theirs. So why should they go on living? Naturally, no one explicitly posed this question to U. G. But they had his answer: there is no \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93you\u8221\'94 that lives, only a body going about its only order of business\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that of being alive and obeying biology. Whatever else people did with themselves was no concern of his, as he tirelessly reiterated to those who engaged him in conversation. He did not see his place to be a savior of humanity. That was something for the mountebanks of salvation who infested the world with this or that sect, each with its teeth bared to defend its trademarked trumpery. While he saw our race as hopelessly at loggerheads with itself, U. G. would not have backed Zapffe\u8217\'92s conclusion that we must put an end to ourselves. He was just not caught up in human life as a tragedy. That way of thinking was for those poor apes impossibly aspiring to be something other than what they are. The protocol that Zapffe advocated is no less hopeless than U. G.\u8217\'92s insouciant acceptance of things as they are.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~only intensified with each new eructation from philosophy, science, religion, or city hall. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of a sort with U. G. is the Australian physicist John Wren-Lewis, a nonreligious scientist who nearly died of poisoning and woke up in a hospital in a state of enlightenment he never requested or pained himself to earn. Both U. G. and Wren-Lewis have publicly emphasized the fortuitous nature of their unsought illumination.2 Both also warn against gurus with recipes for enlightenment. In talks with interviewers, U. G., who did not write books (nor are the published interviews with him copyrighted), lambasted as frauds every spiritual figure known to humanity, including Buddha and Christ.\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because they have not gone off the deep end of religiosity, U. G. and Wren-Lewis are rarities among those who have known ego-death, a state that has nothing but anecdotal evidence to support it, which puts this phenomenon in a class with mystical experiences and revealed religions. As one might imagine, ego-death is laden with about as much mass appeal as physical death. It has been eyed as an ideal only by a small fraction of our species. To everyone else, death is death. In a normal head, impersonal survival does not sit well. It would negate all that we are, for what are we but beings anxious to survive? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We would still function as beings that needed the basics\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 food, shelter, and clothing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but life would not be any more than that. It would not need to be. We would be content with whatever we had, a change of habit enormously diametric to our customary ways. We always want something else, something more. And when we get it, we still want something else, something more. No time or place of satisfaction awaits us. We live and die with deficiency and privation gnawing our guts. Life is not perfect, as any rube will accede, but for human beings it is a bloody shambles. We do not even dream of wanting something less by current standards of measurement. Inattentive to where the road to more and more leads, we just keep shuffling down that lane like zombies. If \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93less is more,\u8221\'94 then nothingness would be the most an ego, a self, could want. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the ego-dead, our existence would be even more dissimilar than it already is from that of most mammals. They feed on one another without the etiquette of the slaughterhouse, and the fed-upon, one imagines, suffer more pain and anxiety than they would from a businesslike execution before the meal begins. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 we would not be cozened by our egos to take it personally, an attitude that escalates natural pain into unsustainable horror.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . G. and Wren-Lewis, both of whom speculate that scientists at any time could stumble upon a technique for disabusing us of our selves. U. G.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s prediction is that, should such a technique come to gestation in a lab somewhere, it will probably be used by governments as a means of controlling their populations or by corporations to buck up their quarterly earnings, legitimate science being on record as serving the powers that be or those that finance it. Political and commercial bodies are not known for ignoring whatever they may turn to their advantage, and that includes meditation, yoga, and similar techniques of \u8220\'93realization\u8221\'94 whose physiological effects are observable in the laboratory. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~This means that millions have already dropped dead with the unfulfilled hope of not having to suffer the agony of dying the same death as the unsaved. What disillusionment must have incommoded them while they lay in extremis. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Due to our consciousness of being alive and destined for death, some of us not only invent schemes for blocking out this knowledge but also burn to discredit, or murder, anyone who would controvert our patented certitudes. (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We think, therefore we should make everyone think what we think.\u8221\'94)\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The consequence of having a crush of competing creeds is that every person and group must brook the intolerance, whether maniac or controlled, of those who do not share their customized fanaticism. Such intolerance is often a petty affair of taste. Someone unyieldingly swears that everything which gives him pleasure, bringing momentary relief from the pain of consciousness, is superior to what is pleasurable to someone else. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My music is better than your music. My music is an outpouring of genius, while your music is lackluster and couldn\u8217\'92t possibly give pleasure (relief) to anyone who knows anything about good music.\u8221\'94 My music. My movies. My distractions. (The ante may be upped to \u8220\'93My nationality. My race. My self.\u8221\'94) A further example of this situation: horror writers have been recurrently asked, \u8220\'93Why would anyone want to supplement the horrors of this world by writing horror stories?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~And if it should become a tool for unremitting horror, we just mutter \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh well\u8221\'94 and move on to our next boner. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~As Yi-Fu Tuan documents in his Landscapes of Fear (1979), certain primitive social groups, more prevalent during the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93ascent\u8221\'94 of humanity than in its latter days, have had no use for the spiritual. Interestingly, these people\u8217\'92s lives have also been more comfortable than most\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hunter-gatherer tribes with ready access food and drink, no enemies, good weather, and not much in the way of curiosity or ambition. But this idyllic lifestyle, perhaps too frequently romanticized in comparison with those of succeeding ages, is not how things have been for our species generally speaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Overall, people have not been safe and comfortable. They have been fearful and pained and badly accommodated by the world around them . . . and they wanted answers to why they have been so abused, why they should be subject to an epic hose job. They wanted the meanness of their lives to mean something. They always have, which is why at any stage in world history we will be harried by far-fetched theologies hatched in antiquity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least they would seem far-fetched if we were normal by an absolute paradigm rather than normal by consensus. (Does belief in a god really make a believer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93meaningful,\u8221\'94 by any definition, than that of an unbeliever? That would seem to depend on the individual rather than the god.) Not taking part in those ancient cults\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever modern mask they wear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not sharing in their madness, makes it a real chore to have a good-faith tolerance of them.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That would seem to depend on the individual rather than the god.) Not taking part in those ancient cults\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever modern mask they wear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not sharing in their madness, makes it a real chore to have a good-faith tolerance of them. The difficulty in tolerating religions is not that they are groundwork of so many cruel laws, so many cruel and unusual mores, and so much of the cruel but entirely usual violence that magnifies the natural suffering of our lives. Human beings are most proficient at cooking up reasons for their cruelty without the persuasions of religion. If all religious faith were bled out of us, nothing would change, cruelty-wise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What makes an unbelievers skin crawl is the voodoo-like horror that religions inject into our lives. Bad enough to be in a tight existential spot such as a foxhole during a battle, but what an addition of insult to injury (or death) to have long-abandoned prayers well up inside us at these times of crisis. How much more preferable it is to cry for one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mother as a conditioned response to being in terror for one\u8217\'92s life. For the fear that religion has sown in the human race, there can be no forgiveness and no tolerance.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Does belief in a god really take the sting out of death for run-of-the-mill churchgoers? They seem to think it will, but they cannot be sure until the time comes }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These may seem small sacrifices to those ardent to drain the earth of its oceans of pious sputum }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As granted above, a world without religion would be as cruel and unusual as any other, for those who care. Excuses to massacre or anathematize one another have never been scarce. They are, indeed, a fatality. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aside from such persons as Nietzsche and such parties as Pan-Aryanists, Ayn Randian Objectivists, extremist Libertarians, and other cheerleaders for the survival of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93fittest,\u8221\'94 most people like to think they would stand up for the weak against the persecution and plundering of the strong. God helps those who help themselves, but sometimes the strong go overboard in helping themselves at the expense of the weak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When this occurs, a humane intervention just seems like the thing to do . . . and let the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93good fight\u8221\'94 begin. The problem is that to beat the strong, one must be\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or become\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 relatively stronger. As everyone knows, the strong are not necessarily better than the weak, nor are they necessarily worse. They are only stronger. Prevailing over an adversary, though that adversary may have committed some atrocious acts, does not mean the victors are more virtuous\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 except perhaps in their own eyes. And those eyes are now going to cast about for other fights, ones that seem good to them . . . or to their self-interest, which amounts to the same thing. The stronger powers, which seem to be getting stronger all the time, will always believe they are in the right. Whether or not they are fighting a good fight, they will be convinced that they are fighting the best fight they can drum up. Ultimately, the strongest of the strong will fight for the sake of remaining strong and becoming stronger. Deprived of a method for determining what is better or worse in a world of no stupendous meaning, the might of the strong will have to suffice as our standard. As for the weak, they will take it out on their one-time persecutors and plunderers when the time is right. No one can elude the fatalism of horror, whatever they believe or do not believe.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We do not have the power to make our lives monumentally better, only monumentally worse. The reform-minded, particularly if they are adherents of a hazy utopia, are always saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We would be so much better off if only it weren\u8217\'92t for this institution or that, this government or that, or if we had no civilization at all, no economy, no barricades between us and greater satisfactions of the human body, mind, and heart. If only . . .\u8221\'94 Then there are the missionaries and cultists of one faith or another, pondering to themselves and anyone else who will listen, \u8220\'93If only everyone could cling to that which I cling, everything would be so much better. If only everyone were like me. If only. . .\u8221\'94\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing will ever be so much better. There will always be horror pumped up to us from its limitless source\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 conscious and self-conscious life, the Big Mistake. And nothing keeps this horror going like unfounded beliefs and their emetic symbols: the stake, the lynch rope, the ovens, the car bomb. . . . To tolerate belief or to spit on it? The dilemma is nothing new. Perhaps it is only as a form of therapy or distraction that leads one to review matters that are so well worn, depressingly well worn, maddeningly well worn. (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If only people would stop making more people\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 then nothing would need to be so much better. If only. . .\u8221\'94) All said, a dissembled tolerance is another one of those things that make the world go round. And few of us\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 infidels and fideists alike\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 find the way of the hypocrite to be unduly challenging. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Vital Lies, Simple Truths: The Psychology of Self-Deception (1996), Daniel Goleman studies how people and groups play along with factitious designs to forestall the animus and anxiety that would be loosed if a code of honesty were somehow enforced. Noam Chomsky published a book called Necessary Illusions: Thought Control in Democratic Societies (1989) in which he argues that the master class of a nation such as the United States of America could not hold up without lying to its citizenry and, more importantly, getting them to lie to themselves. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~With Zapffe, one could contend that nothing would hold up in this world without a scaffolding of hypocrisies and lies. This is the stuff of which civilizations are made\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fabricated realities, not those stark necessities we have so bedecked with bells and whistles that we cannot recognize what is underneath. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what is composed when you combine several lies - a greater one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While some have had expressed momentous reservations about this edifice of claptrap known as civilization, this colossally garish spectacle of bad taste, we do not often pass up an opportunity to commend ourselves for erecting it. We grovel at the memorials of 57}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 some author, artist, inventor, or national leader who lived before us. We gape in wonder at the base of an Egyptian pyramid or an Aztec pyramid or any other pyramid we come across. Without question, we are cuckoo for pyramids. How stupefying that these mounds of rocks should be seen as showpieces of an ancient grandeur rather than as tombs of our sanity. And still we go at it full force. Is there any doubt that everyone will be suppurating with vainglory when the first pyramid, in the guise of a splendorous installation decreed by civilization\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s potentates, is built on Mars?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arrogance goes hand-in-hand with hypocrisy. Worm-ridden with self-assurance, it flicks sanity into the gutter and inflates the fault-ridden into the meritorious. The mind boggles that hypocrisy ever got a bad name, since it is but a by-product of consciousness itself, which motored us in style past all the other beasts of the earth. The ability to act in conflict with ourselves, to say we believe something is true that we know is not, has been a prerequisite for our survival. Without it, we would be compelled to wrestle with that most secret of lies: our integrity as persons, our wholeness as selves.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hypocrisy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in other words, the practice of lying about lying\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shields us from seeing ourselves as we are: a collocation of fragments that fit together as a biological unit but not as anything else, not as that ghost which has been called a self, a phantasm whose ecotoplasmic unreality we can never see through.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So it was with Marguerite Porete, who wrote a book wherein she recorded a mystic vision of the afterlife that disagreed with the tenets of ecclesiastic officials. It was her belief that qualified individuals would posthumously dissipate into a unity with the divine. (This metaphysical fabulation, in an atheist-pessimist format, would later be revived by Schopenhauer; see earlier references to the Will.) In its broad strokes, Marguerite\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s afterlife is all right. It sure beats the Church\u8217\'92s massively stomach-turning congregation of God, Jesus, Mary, the angels, the saints, and other celestial VIPs. More imaginative and inspired, but not as catchy, as that of the Church, Marguerite\u8217\'92s heaven got her burned at the stake. Her punishment by incineration must have lent spice to a time and place of mesmerizing congruousness. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \~When you are alone in the wilderness, opinions or beliefs of any kind are dropped as the absurd accoutrements they are. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our brains will always discriminate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is their nature. They fix on superficial differences we spy in one another, redundantly speaking, since all differences among us are superficial. Whether they are excoriated as bigotry or dignified as worldviews, our differences are only heretical subtleties that in past centuries would have gotten one tortured or killed or both. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~The most dangerous idea is that we should all be free to do as we like as long as what we do hurts no one else. Those suggesting this idea will get nowhere or dead, based on the social and political atmosphere in which they live. We can rest easy, though, as this idea would be impossible to bring into our lives, and not only because free will is a lie.6 In both the natural and the human worlds, nothing can survive without hurting something else, thus savaging that most dangerous of all ideas. This is no news; it is just the way it is. And we are not blazingly bright enough to go against that way. Some schools of Buddhism admonish those with an itch to liberate themselves from their conditioned existence to leave their homes and their lives behind. To become liberated is to die to the cares of life, one of them being that we will die. Until we relinquish everything, we are lost. Can this recommendation be classified as a worldview? If so, then it will be kicked it aside as nihilistic, pessimistic, anti-social, or just plain goofy. It will not receive government or corporate funding. Conclusion: there is no greatness in humankind, only the voracity for infantile skirmishes in a sandbox. How better to conceal our quandaries? How better to keep our heads out of the know? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A spectacularly tiresome historical motif is the use of the Many to procure wealth and power for the Few. (This apprehension may also be laid at the doorstep of Hume, who specialized in detaining his readers with obvious but unspoken realities.) From time to time, those among the Many wonder why persons of wealth and power do not willingly take it easy at some juncture in their lives rather than straining to pursue as much wealth and power as they possibly can. Rulers of such entities as corporations, countries, and religious denominations seem loath to decelerate their acquisitiveness for wealth and power below full throttle. The only constraints on those trying to increase their wealth and power are others who are doing the same. And none of them will ever take a break from their covetous ways, not willingly. They will never take it easy. They do not know how. They only know that if their entities of wealth and power do not grow bigger and bigger, they will die. And they will. Everything and everyone else does. But rulers in society do not like to think about that. They want their entities to exist for all time. They want them to be undead. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theoretically, a life of leisure for all is possible. But the Few will always want to procure 60}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 more and more wealth and power. And for this they need workers willing to spend the plurality of their time working.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some speculative minds have faith that we are en route to a utopia where people are not mainly absorbed in a job that is killing them or despondent because they do not have a killing job. They do not know what the specs for this utopia could be, as believers cannot conceive of heaven. Are their speculations, then, any less pitiful than those about the Kingdom of God? Pessimist answer: no. Pessimist reason: utopias are ersatz heavens unsupported by any knowledge, logic, or portents we have or can ever have.\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~He does this for the amusement of his kindred malcontents and perhaps to put his disputants on the defensive about the bilge they have been swilling all their lives. Everyone not only wants to think they are right but to have others unwaveringly affirm their least notion as unassailable. Pessimists are no exception. But they are few and do not show up on the radar of our race. Immune to the blandishments of religions, countries, families, and whatever else that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 with a smattering of emotive images and strains of maudlin music\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 can move the average citizen to tears or violence, the pessimist is invisible in both history books and the media. Without belief in gods or ghosts, unmotivated by a comprehensive delusion, he could never plant a bomb, plan a revolution, or shed blood for a cause. Pessimists are indeed lackadaisical as partisans in the human drama }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~To add to the diversions with which Schopenhauer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life was rich, he also played the flute. Nietzsche claimed that, because he occupied himself in this way, Schopenhauer could not have been a true pessimist. This slur might be considered in light of the fact that the later philosopher, who turned pessimism into affirmation like water into wine, was a piano player and songwriter. But this fact does not make Nietzsche wrong. Schopenhauer styled himself a pessimist, an unexampled and true pessimist, which does not mean that he was one. Nothing can prove that, or anything else that Schopenhauer or Nietzsche or anyone has to say about matters of real weight. Flute-playing is not an avocation that one associates with someone who preached self-denial in all aspects of one\u8217\'92s life as a means to a life-negating salvation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 one who wrote with wearying prolixity that all life was pain and nothing else }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Late in his lifework as the premier pessimist of the twentieth century, Cioran jotted the following note: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At Saint-S\u233\'E9verin, listening to the organist play the Art of the Fugue, I kept saying to myself, over and over, \u8216\'91There is the refutation of all my anathemas.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again, probably not. But the fact that he was never disabused of the value of music does undercut his integrity, as if the nonexistence of integrity in us all were not one of the leading themes of pessimism. It does seem, however, that there is nothing one can speak or stunt one can perform to make an impeccable outward show of execration that any speck of the organic has arisen within this universe . . . or any other universe that might have existed before the creation known to us or that may come after it, as well as all universes in theoretical coexistence with ours.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While it may be a shameful admission to let on that one is not happy, this cannot be construed to mean that those pleading happiness as their dominant humor are lying through their teeth. People want to be happy. They believe they deserve to be happy. And philosophers who inform them they can never be happy are not part of the dialogue. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zapffe prescribed that we quit reproducing because all of our behavior unmasks us as beings whose consciousness has made sure we will never be happy, leading us to twist our heads into knots in an attempt be happy anyway. This twisting of our heads is responsible for an unsightly and tragic existence founded on lies that we tell ourselves are truths, which would not be so terrible if our lies were not always letting us down, leading us to twist our heads into still more knots in a futile effort to use our consciousness to kill our consciousness, which is what makes us what we are and do not want to be\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 beings who must bamboozle themselves and one another if they are to wring what seems to be a little happiness from a world that does not know or care if we are happy but just wants us to survive and reproduce as if we were any other organism and not one hobbled by nature with this fluke, mutation, or mistake of consciousness. Yet Zapffe is reputed to have been a man buoyant of heart, even when he was not pursuing his favorite pastime of mountain climbing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Schopenhauer himself was a bon vivant who lived it up even as he was working on his blanket condemnation of living.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 historians have killed the practice of history for all time. In valueing especially those letters which were not aware they would be read by historians, every letter penned by a person of even mild ambition will be expected to be read by a historian, thus opening the record to manipulation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If only he had been a theist, Nietzsche\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93word\u8221\'94 might have caused theodicy to go out of fashion, drying up all the rivers of ink that have flowed from the Book of Job. With Nietzsche as the anti-Job, mollifications for the thrashings we take from a god who is paradoxically all-powerful, all-knowing, and all-loving would become outmoded, and even indefensible in themselves. His would not be a Jobian patience but a Nietzschean jollity for the floggings visited upon him by the flighty Yahweh.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Happiness happens . . . or seems to happen, which amounts to the same thing.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And just as happiness cannot be restored in the wake of an indelible adversity, there are also torments that no enumeration of happy moments can abrogate from our days. These lacerating fortunes are everlasting certainties. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TM sells 70}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 its followers enlightenment on the installment plan (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cosmic Consciousness in three years. Payment not refundable.\u8221\'94), although what they have bequeathed to the world has been little or nothing. In a joint venture with the prosperous organization headed by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, magician and TM promoter Doug Henning unsuccessfully attempted to develop a theme park in his native country of Canada. It was to be called Maharishi Veda Land. This project followed Henning\u8217\'92s failed bid to attain a seat in Canada\u8217\'92s parliament. His platform was a pledge that, should he be elected to office, thousands of yogis\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the number varies depending on the source\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 would fly over Canada and cure the nation\u8217\'92s civic problems. (One might think that such an event, rather than being debased as a campaign promise, might be actualized purely to improve Canadian society and to stun the world with a bravura performance of real magic. But apparently even yogis adhere to the code of quid pro quo.)\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For most of humanity, including that part which studies consciousness, the phenomenon of ego-death is not enthralling, or even well marked as a human experience. Regular folk are illiterate with respect to this branch of the Tree of Knowledge. All their big questions have already been answered by some big book. And the reality specialists have their reputations to consider as high priests of the noosphere. In other words, almost no one figures their time to be ill-spent in bickering about how to interpret some fine point of scripture or the results of a clinical study rather than in contemplating some extraordinary heads that have called into question what we are or what we might be aside from puppets of the ego. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}