{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the weeks leading up to the moment when Mandrameen quit painting, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d laze the days away in the halls of a lesser prince named Eruhd. He drank the prince\u8217\'92s wine, stuffed his face with peach chicken potstickers and prickled lizard pluck, all the while admiring the paintings of the Lady Fremell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri liked Fremell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work. She had no equal\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 surpassed by many, yes, but no true equal. She was decent. She was a painter\u8217\'92s painter, and that meant that the subtleties of her brush were completely lost on the Hrkan elite and her tremendous talent went largely overlooked. Mandri saw in her a kindred spirit, and he was inspired by almost everything she did and that included how she died\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she killed herself by jumping from a balcony that overlooked the sea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had scribbled a few compositions of that moment, the moment just before the jump. The lady standing on a white stone banister, her waist-length hair wind-blown against her figure, hugging her, when nobody else would. Unfortunately, Mandri could never find someone who was willing to put up the funds for the finished piece.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On one of those lazy days spent idling around in the prince\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s halls, Mandri saw a curious and rare sight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one of the twelve Hrkan Lords was admiring Fremell\u8217\'92s paintings. The old man stopped to contemplate each piece, a curious sight because this Lord was the Lord Gagan, a rough and tumble fellow who\u8217\'92d clearly risen up from the lower rumble of Hrkan life, a battle hardened maniac who looked more likely to chew on the canvas than admire its deft use of color. He wasn\u8217\'92t the usual foppish wimp that makes a show of art appreciation. And Lord Gagan struck his most thoughtful pose before Fremell\u8217\'92s greatest work, a painting titled, \u8220\'93The Shadow of the Goriol Valley\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s opinion of the painting was that the painting was a work of meager genius\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 meager genius, because Mandri could not admit anyone as a true genius. The painting was good. It was a view from the low Goriol Valley trail, looking up at the ridge line which sheltered the valley from the eastern winds. The sun was setting behind that ridge, and so most of the scene was covered in shadow\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 blues, purples and muddy grays that seemed almost red against the cooler hues. Nearer the bottom, in the middle distance, was a sinuous, slow flowing creek. Its water was blood red. That\u8217\'92s the first thing the viewer sees as one walks towards the painting from afar, for not only is the creek spotlighted by the sun peeking over the ridge, but the composition is structured in such a way that the eye is drawn to a stepping-stone waterfall that\u8217\'92s set on a golden third. Below this waterfall, bobbing in its pool, is a brown lump of something strange. Step a little closer to the painting and it becomes clear that this lump is a face-down, lifeless body. The water isn\u8217\'92t just blood-red, stained as such by clay or vegetable matter, it is literally blood, for the shadowed valley slope above is carpeted in human corpses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One almost has to squint to see the bodies, but they are there, soldiers all, brown bodies folded and crumpled on top of each other like a storm from the Abari highlands had ripped through the valley and dumped them there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lord Gagan said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think this is the worst painting ever made.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No doubt the Lord had seen a mound of bodies before. Probably, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ordered them made. Perhaps he was suffering a bout of guilt and, being too manly to accept he\u8217\'92d done anything wrong, assumed that the artist was somehow attacking him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps the Lord was suggesting that Fremell should have kept to paintings of fruit and flowers because such a sheltered woman could not possibly capture the greater meaning that swelled a bloated body when it was piled on top of twenty others. Mandri had never seen a pile of the battle dead, and he always assumed that he never would. He would never know if the Lord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chiding remark had merit. Then the battle of Minting Rock happened and a good seventy something Hrkans died, nine Ayramun as well. When the fighting was finished, Ayram directed whoever was left to gather up the dead, Hrk and Outland alike, and put them in a pile. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were to be piled into the shape of a sphere. Mandri was not told why it should be a sphere instead of a regular old pile, nonetheless, that was the order. And because a pile of bodies does not naturally take a sphere\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shape, Mandri was conscripted to construct a large bowl out of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s rubble. Mandri spent the afternoon building that giant bowl, and he did a terrible job, on account of the hobble in his leg and his general desire to be useless. When the bodies were tossed in, they didn\u8217\'92t make a sphere, they made a regular old lump. Thankfully, no one seemed to care, as an effort had been made and an effort was enough. Mandri supposed everyone was too exhausted to be angry. Not only had they just fought a savage battle, but they\u8217\'92d been piling up the aftermath for hand over hand. And it wasn\u8217\'92t only the enemy they were handling, it was their own friends as well, so the mood was grim. There were also those desiccated giants, the ones that had been tucked away inside of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s tombs for who knows how many centuries. In the collapse they\u8217\'92d split apart like twigs and whatever was found of them was tossed on top of the pile like kindling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By twilight it was all finished, and Mandri was allowed to creep away and rest against a heap of rocks. There he sat, alone, munching on some Hrkan hardtack, and his thoughts turned to that painting of the Goriol Valley and the Lord Gagan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chiding critique.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This pile of dead did not resemble what Fremell had painted. There was significantly more blood in Fremell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vision, and Fremell\u8217\'92s dead bodies were more seductive, though that was just how people were painted, living or dead. Her bodies were well-muscled and well-naked, or half-naked, and they looked like they\u8217\'92d just stepped out of a bath instead of choking each-other in sand. It was a typical dramatic device\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the perfection of youth cut down before their time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but Fremell\u8217\'92s message went further than that, for Fremell came from a school of artists who thought they had important things to say. Fremell\u8217\'92s painting was a commentary on man\u8217\'92s abiding concupiscence, for what is war but a perversion of lust and desire?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fremell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s battlefield lay strewn with naked men lying upon naked men. They\u8217\'92ve all come down from their passionate trance, where reason gave way to baser instinct, where they wrestled, where their limbs tangled and their weapons, phallic, penetrating, stabbed into slits that bleed. It\u8217\'92s all quite blunt and homoerotic, with eyes rolled back, jaws slack, because ecstasy and death often look the same and so does war and sex\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if one side isn\u8217\'92t satisfied, perhaps they go at it again until everyone is utterly spent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri surveyed the rubble of Minting Rock, as well as his own memory of what had transpired, and there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a lick of sexual energy in any of it. There\u8217\'92d been excitement, yes, but that did not last long. Whatever relief there was, was firmly put to bed as soon as the bodies of the dead were tallied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body could not be found, and that set the mood of the Ayramun careening into a fog of gloom. She had been well-liked. Seb had seen her jump into the fray, before the collapse, and that meant she was entombed in the bottom of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s central well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s death was unnecessary. He\u8217\'92d lived through the collapse, but in a fit of chop-lust he sprinted towards a Hrkan soldier and was walloped by Ayram\u8217\'92s spear. Ayram was not forthcoming about precisely how it occurred, all he said was, \u8220\'93The idiot got in the way\u8221\'94. But Chopper\u8217\'92s body told the story\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his sternum was cracked, and his lips were stained by his own blood, for he\u8217\'92d died choking on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bush-headed Tob had been unlucky. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d survived the first half of Minting Rock splitting off, but from the way that Moto told it, the second half\u8217\'92s collapse sent a leg-sized shard of stone whistling down in Tob\u8217\'92s direction. If Tob had been standing a step to either side, he would have been fine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch Elrahet survived, as old witches always do. She was busy mumbling some witchy incantations as she laid her hands on the pile of dead. Purl was beside her, managing a meager flame that illuminated nothing but her handless arm as she tried, pitifully, to shield it from the wind. The rest of the surviving Ayramun\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram, Seb, Moto, and Moteah\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 kept themselves busy trying to salvage what they could from the destruction. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d already looted the dead for anything useful, mostly foodstuffs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hrks had brought plenty of hardtack with them, and it was all wrapped up neatly in crinkly brown-leaf squares, each stamped with the sigil of Hrk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only thing Mandri took for himself was a pair of leather pouches tied together by a stiff gut cord\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collection of rocks, one sack filled with luck, the other filled with bad luck, maybe ten pebbles apiece. Mandri had plucked them out of the dead man\u8217\'92s robes, and he plucked them because these rocks were Tob\u8217\'92s life\u8217\'92s work and Mandri respected the effort. He half-believed the rocks were charmed, because if a person can be lucky then why not a rock? And the pouches were more than just the rocks inside them. They were the kind of thing Fremell might paint to get her message across. She might have put them hanging off the hip of a foreground figure to let everyone know this particular man was manlier than the rest. Mandri dangled them about and wondered why he never noticed this kind of thing unless it was in a painting. In life, pouches were merely pouches\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in a painting they\u8217\'92re a token of testicular virility. Tob had been walking around with these pouches for who knows how long and not once did Mandri point and laugh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all bullshit,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. He was referring, of course, to everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his leg, his skin sticky from sweat, Fremell\u8217\'92s attempt to impress the world, and the Ayramun, too, because all their friends had just been slaughtered and they were already moving on. They were a little glum, sure, but it didn\u8217\'92t feel like that was enough. Not a watery eye in sight when someone should be wailing. Poor Chopper. Poor Tob.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And Obo had died. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unfortunate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri thought about singing a song for Obo. Obo wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t human and he didn\u8217\'92t have a Spark, but he was deserving of a song, and if not a song, at least something more than a mere remembrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri groaned against the thought that he shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even be here. He }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 should}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be back in Meskalem, laying in his field getting high on burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 High as the uglies on a too-tall horse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Folks in Eez call it tickleberried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All he had to show for his many travails was two pouches of charmed rocks and a wafer of brown Hrkan hardtack, but the hardtack wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t worth mentioning, for never was there a wafer of hardtack more suited to the name\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hard and tacky, as tasteless as wood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down in his lap and pulled one of the lucky stones out. It was quite striking, for a stone, for it was two completely different stones, one half beige, the other chalk-white, which had somehow fused together to become one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb had been idling nearby like a dried out lizard. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know thems only rocks, right?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve cheated death about five times in the past four days, so I\u8217\'92m starting to think that luck is real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No such thing as cheatin\u8217\'92 death,\u8221\'94 Seb said. He spat a wad of the thick goo into the sand, then added,  \u8220\'93If there is, everyone been cheatin\u8217\'92 death every moment of their lives. Shit, since you been sittin\u8217\'92 there you breathed \u8216\'91bout a hundred times\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s a hundred deaths you just put off, but I don\u8217\'92t see you thankin\u8217\'92 luck for the miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Breathing is not a miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell that to folks that can\u8217\'92t breathe. Friend of mine once died when he was sleepin\u8217\'92. Wasp flew straight in his open mouth and stung him in the dangly bit. Thing swole up the size of my uglies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An it could happen to you. Could happen any given moment, but I don\u8217\'92t see you prostratin\u8217\'92 yourself every second, thankin\u8217\'92 luck it\u8217\'92s keeps the damn wasps from uggin\u8217\'92 up your throat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, in case it\u8217\'92s necessary, I will give thanks.\u8221\'94 Mandri opened his arms to the setting sun and said, \u8220\'93I thank you Luck for keeping the wasps off me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb snorted and smirked. He appreciated the sarcasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one\u8217\'92s special,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Everybody is who they are and that\u8217\'92s all they are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t disagree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wouldn\u8217\'92t matter if you did. The gods are playin\u8217\'92 a game an\u8217\'92 that\u8217\'92s all there is to it. An\u8217\'92 you best believe me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8216\'91cause you might catch sight of the hand of Solraheen, and you best be ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, flippantly. \u8220\'93The last time I heard someone talk about Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand, it was from a priest getting his head chopped off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s a priest losing his head got to do with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was arrested for stealing the legs of the Lybion martyrs from the temple of Jeetz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Horseshit. Them legs are as watched as the sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why they caught him and put him on trial. And you know what he said in his defense? He said the hand of Solraheen directed him. He said if Solraheen didn\u8217\'92t want him to have such sacred relics, then Solraheen wouldn\u8217\'92t have allowed the theft to occur in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And he were right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The judge said that if Solraheen wanted that priest to keep his head, Solraheen wouldn\u8217\'92t have allowed the man to be caught.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb nodded without appreciating the of irony. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They both sat there, staring at the mound of bodies, Seb in wistful repose, and Mandri leaning away, trying not to sniff Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smell. The man was still as dirty as when that Hrkan soldier had pulled him out of the sand. He seemed as comfortable in that skin as a dog who\u8217\'92d been rolling around in mud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eventually, Seb stood up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on.\u8221\'94 He brushed off his ass, as if that would do anything to wipe away the absolute filth that covered him. \u8220\'93I been lookin\u8217\'92 for the Mazid\u8217\'92s body all day, an\u8217\'92 now that you're free, you\u8217\'92re gonna help me find it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because that\u8217\'92s what Ayram told me to do, an\u8217\'92 now that\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m tellin\u8217\'92 you to do. Let\u8217\'92s test your luck, maybe you find him before me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb and Mandri spent the next hand and a half looking for Obo's body. They had no luck until Mandri got tired of looking and decided to apply himself. He realized that if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been thrown clear of the destruction, then Obo probably had as well. From there they checked around where Mandri landed, and sure enough, there was Obo, still swaddled in black, his head and shoulders buried in the sand like he were an arrow loosed from a heavenly bow. Seb didn\u8217\'92t want to touch Obo, so Mandri pulled him out alone, though this didn\u8217\'92t require much effort. Mandri found himself hoping that he\u8217\'92d feel Obo wiggle back to life once shaken, but no, he was as lifeless as any of the other bodies, and nearly weightless in comparison. And his skin was much paler, even by Obo\u8217\'92s standards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s urging, Mandri carried the little torso of a Mazid back to the makeshift camp in the middle of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s rubble, for that is where Ayram sat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant had his broad back turned, uncovered, and he was sitting on wooden stool that had been scrounged up from wreckage. The witch Elrahet was checking this incredible wall of flesh for wounds. The stool squeaked and groaned every time Ayram shifted his weight, but the man himself was perfectly silent as the old witch sewed up a thin gash that wrapped around his side. As she worked, she washed away the sand from his skin with a wet rag. His was a tightly sculpted body, animal skinny and strong. Each time Ayram lifted his arm to give Elrahet clearance to scrub, the striations in his shoulders popped and his shoulder blade melted into a pool of rippling muscle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, you soilbucket!\u8221\'94 the giant shouted when he noticed Seb approaching. \u8220\'93Did you find it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb ducked under the words with a reverent bow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When did I never do what I said I was gonna do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put it over there,\u8221\'94 Elrahet snapped as she pointed with her elbow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Laying on the ground nearby was the Mazidariga child, dead. Mandri laid Obo down next to it. Both were swaddled in black, with only their faces open to the air. They looked oddly like siblings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 their skin had that same cloudy pallor. Obo was the bigger of the two, or he would have been if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been quartered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram sighed and his shoulders slumped. Then he slapped his knees and he stood up, against Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s protestations. He twisted back and forth to test the stitchwork that riddled his side, and when this sent a thin stream of blood dribbling down his ribs, he ripped a long, thin strip of wool from a white Hrkan cloak and bandaged himself up. While he was tying the knot, he pointed with his chin towards twin corpses, Obo and the Riga.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s do it,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grumbled, then waddled over to the corpses and shooed Seb and Mandri away. She then straightened the bodies out so that they lay flat on their backs, bellies even, and she knelt in between their heads, making sure the skirt of her robe folded nicely to make a pillow for her creaky knees. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From nowhere, a golden blade flashed in her hands, shining bright in the light of the sun. The sight of it turned Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach, for he\u8217\'92d seen one like it flash slit his ox\u8217\'92s throat. In fact, if his memory was good, the two blades were exactly alike. Elrahet carried the same blade that the demon witch Pell had used to turn his world inside out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet sprouted fangs, and she didn\u8217\'92t fly around as if possessed by the wind, but began to suspect there was some devilish air about her which he hadn\u8217\'92t noticed before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head craned towards the sky, and the speech that ushered from her throat was so polluted with guttural urks that Mandri wondered if they were even words. Not even the croaks of vomiting toads sounded so much like gibberish. He watched astonished as the witch\u8217\'92s words pulled a shimmering, red smoke from out of her throat. This smoke wisped and curled like smoke from a candle\u8217\'92s flame, and it followed the direction of her words as if buffeted by them, and it settled around the tip of her golden blade. When the blade was fully sheathed in the red misty, Elrahet slammed it down into Riga child\u8217\'92s belly, burying it up to the hilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Riga child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked open and bulged as if trying to escape its skull, one red eye twisting left, the other twisting right. Mandri wondered if its brain might be exploding, and then Riga\u8217\'92s whole body juddered, its legs spasmed. Elrahet pushed down on the Riga\u8217\'92s hips with her free hand to steady the creature, and when the jerking finally settled down, Elrahet ripped the blade from the stomach, bent over the wound, then set her lips upon it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every fiber of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s being wanted to look away from this unholy sight, but he couldn\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 such is the allure of dark and twisted things. The Riga wasn\u8217\'92t human, but it looked enough like an innocent child that Mandri felt shame for staring, and he nearly fainted when the witch slurped up blood from the hole in the Riga\u8217\'92s belly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet pulled her head away from the Riga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse, mouth shut tight, withered lips painted red, and she swung around to kiss the lips of Obo. But of course, it was more crude than that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she squeezed Obo\u8217\'92s jaw open, and spit the contents of her mouth into Obo\u8217\'92s throat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 mostly blood and chunks of viscera, but along with it came a formless gray light, the same light that Mandri had seen zip out of Obo\u8217\'92s body back in Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet shut Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw, clenched it tight with her leathery palm, and set to whispering that guttural language into Obo\u8217\'92s ear. Next she whispered to his throat, then to his chest, as if beckoning the pseudospark along to finally come to a rest back in Obo\u8217\'92s stomach. When she was finished, she set her ear to Obo\u8217\'92s heart, closed her eyes, and listened. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A stillness settled over those gathered as they waited for something magical to happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fetch Purl!\u8221\'94 Elrahet snipped. \u8220\'93Quick!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced when Ayram barked the name with a force that could shake the leaves off a spring-fed bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93PURL!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A heartbeat later, and Purl came running into the clearing, yelling, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 She took one look at Elrahet hovering over Obo and understood. \u8220\'93Already!?\u8221\'94 she cried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet pointed to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest. \u8220\'93Wake it up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl hurried over and knelt next to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body. She took a deep breath to compose herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Squeeze your hand,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, and she held up her own bony claw of a hand to demonstrate. She seemed to be clutching some invisible stone, and was pumping it. Purl raised her hand and did the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl held up her handless arm and focused. Soon she was squeezing her severed hand with all her invisible might. Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest thumped. Sweat beaded on Purl\u8217\'92s brow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Harder,\u8221\'94 griped Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl squeezed even harder, such that she was no longer breathing, and just when it seemed that she would faint, Obo opened his eyes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light,\u8221\'94 Elrahet muttered. \u8220\'93I thought it faded.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl sat back into her heels and heaved a sigh of relief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram picked up his iron spear and spiked it down right next to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear. He bent down and said to the bleary-eyed Mazid, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant then picked Obo up and propped him up against a rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s glanced around, took in Ayram\u8217\'92s blood spattered visage, saw the black rubble of Minting Rock around him, squinted at the pile bodies. His senses seemed to be recovering with startling speed. When he saw Mandri his lips crumpled up into a weak smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo then said to Ayram, in his usual unaffected way, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see you\u8217\'92ve won the battle. The urge to gloat must be fierce.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram ignored Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s taunt and said, \u8220\'93Purl\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 make it do something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 make it hiss like a lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl, still kneeling, recomposed herself. She sent her command to Obo through a tight-lipped whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hiss,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93Like a lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Instead of hissing, Obo simply said the word, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hiss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you make him do that?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram turned to Obo. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did she make you do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo, smiling, replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not sure how to answer that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer with the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The truth is that if the girl didn\u8217\'92t tell me to hiss like a lizard, I never would have said hiss. So in a manner of speaking, yes, she did make me do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grumbled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have time for this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speak plainly,\u8221\'94 Ayram commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo shrugged and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girl\u8217\'92s command was not sufficient cause to compel me to speak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram turned back towards Purl. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make him do something by thinking it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What should I make him do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The point is that he can\u8217\'92t know what you want him to do, so I can\u8217\'92t tell you. Make something up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was beginning to doubt his earlier estimation of Purl\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she might be dumb. He watched as she took a deep breath and whistled it out through pursed lips. She could, at least, compose herself under pressure. She also possessed an unseen strength, for as she dipped into some altered state, eyes rolling back, lips mumbling, and suddenly there was a north-easterly breeze which was not there before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl reached out with her handless arm, and Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bald head twitched, and as his shoulders crimped, a faint golden glow began to shine through the skin of his throat. He opened his mouth towards the heavens, and Mandri expected to see a blast of Mazidfire issue forth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everyone did\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but that was it. Soon the wind was dead and Purl was back inside her own skin with nothing to show for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I must admit, you almost had me there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good enough for now,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you won\u8217\'92t believe me, but you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 should}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  believe me, because she will never be able to control me. Even if she could, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s still the issue of the Mazidariga. As you have seen, one whistle from a Riga and I go as limp as a noodle, Minder or no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was crouching nearby like a sandrat waiting for someone to drop a crumb of bread, and he piped up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a good point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram silenced Seb with a sideways glance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many Mazidariga are there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Obo answered. \u8220\'93But there is a peaceable solution to that particular problem which, if you\u8217\'92ll consider it, I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92ll find it agreeable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before I do, I need to know what it is you want }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to do. Why did you take me captive? Do you want me to drive Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s armies into the sea? Lay waste to every Hrkan temple? Kill the Hrkan Lords?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no use in telling him,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo was quick to counter her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s true,\u8221\'94 he said enthusiastically. \u8220\'93You see, I would welcome a change in the continent\u8217\'92s leadership.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t trust the creature,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet brusquely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t need to,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93Either it says something sensible, or we ignore it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram towered over Obo and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you what I want you to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to smuggle you into Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That will be difficult.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to smuggle you into the caves }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 underneath}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Jeket.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That will be near impossible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When we reach the caves, we\u8217\'92re going to march our way into Solraheen\u8217\'92s chamber, and you\u8217\'92re going to use your Mazidfire to free him from underneath the stone of Fabled Black.\u8221\'94 Ayram\u8217\'92s voice was cold and direct, as if he hadn\u8217\'92t just said the most absurd thing imaginable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93Is there some Hrkan Lord who has taken to calling himself Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is only one Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo looked deeply into Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, as if to gauge the man\u8217\'92s sobriety. He looked to each of the Ayramun and they were each as clear-eyed and firm as their leader, well, all except Seb. It\u8217\'92s difficult to know how much dimwittery is inside someone\u8217\'92s head at a glance, but Seb was an exception to that rule because it was dripping from his lip. For Mandri\u8217\'92s part, he was alarmed. What Ayram was saying was not only absurd, it was blasphemous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t be serious,\u8221\'94 said Obo, stealing the words right out of Mandri\u8217\'92s mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram leaned on his iron rod and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am quite serious. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  are going to free Solraheen.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? I only ask because trying to undo Solraheen\u8217\'92s sacrifice might be counterproductive to your desired ends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have time for this!\u8221\'94 Elrahet snapped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shrugged off his witch and asked Obo, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you think of a way to elude those Riga children and get you down into Jeket\u8217\'92s caves?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before I get to that, please, stop and consider\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what is the one thing the Hrkan Lords are scared of?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazidai?\u8221\'94 Purl said sarcastically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but no. You see, I was made to help manage that one thing that checks the Hrkan Lords\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is the Hrkan people. You may think that I was made to terrorize you, but the Lords don\u8217\'92t care about the outland tribes. You\u8217\'92re tangential. In fact, they\u8217\'92ve sympathy for you if you can believe it. The Lords are the only thing holding the common folk back from stealing what arable lands you people have left. And you know how they accomplish that? Through an order built upon respect for Solraheen\u8217\'92s sacrifice. If you try to free Him, and let\u8217\'92s say you fail, then I very much doubt the Lords would be able to contain the frenzy that follows. Think of it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 outland pokes seek to undo Solraheen\u8217\'92s great sacrifice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the people will be incensed. The most destructive force in all the world is a mob motivated by righteous fury. You\u8217\'92ll be the cause of your own doom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram chuckled and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what the Hrkan people are capable of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why agitate them?\u8221\'94 Obo asked. The force of his argument was working an energy into him. If his arms were able to move underneath his swaddling robe, they would have been going mad. \u8220\'93If you want Hrk to fall cleanly, you have to be more precise. You needn\u8217\'92t but kill a few choice men and women, the ones keeping the deeper corruption in check\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as well as a few others who bridge the natural divisions within the nation. Apply some pressure to the right places, and it will fall apart under its own weight. It might take some time, but believe me, Hrk hates itself more than it hates you. The easiest way to conquer a nation is to simply get them to no longer want to be a nation. It\u8217\'92s not as dramatic a fall, but I\u8217\'92d wager all the world it is more effective than denying the dying wish of the god of all creation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You speak as if you have experience tearing down kingdoms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you think Hrk tore down the Old Jandri world? It wasn\u8217\'92t Mazidfire, not really. Disagreement is a natural impulse for your kind. If you prey on that, a nation spirals into a cycle of death that feeds itself as soon as first blood is drawn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The thing you haven\u8217\'92t considered,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, \u8220\'93Is that I don\u8217\'92t care about Hrk. I don\u8217\'92t even care about the outland tribes. What I do care about is freeing Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo squinted in disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you tell me your }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  desired ends, I might be able to find a more practical route.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My desired end is Solraheen\u8217\'92s freedom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why use me? Why not sneak in there yourselves and chisel away the Fabled Black?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because Fabled Black blunts any spike. It would take an age just to make a dent in that rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you so certain that my Mazidfire will cut through Fabled Black?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93Still, I wish to try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright then,\u8221\'94 said Obo, relenting. \u8220\'93Fine. But you shouldn\u8217\'92t have told me any of this. I\u8217\'92m not one to interfere with Solraheen\u8217\'92s will. I would betray the Lords, but not a god. I mean, have you considered at all, that if you freed Solraheen, then you\u8217\'92d free his greatest enemy as well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo was squirming inside his black swaddling robe. If his disgust was a performance, and Mandri suspected it was, it was a convincing one. It had Elrahet deeply annoyed that Ayram was entertaining the Mazid at all. Ayram shrugged off her grumbling grunts, and he said to Obo, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about what you do or do not want. I only want to know how to avoid the Mazidariga.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you should care about what I want,\u8221\'94 Obo said. \u8220\'93Because your choice of Purl as Minder was a poor one. You should have gone with yourself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you might be a capable Minder, but that\u8217\'92s only a \u8216\'91might be\u8217\'92, and I suppose you don\u8217\'92t want to lose your hand for no good reason, if it would even fit in my chest. The only other option would be the witch here, Elrahet. I\u8217\'92m actually quite certain she\u8217\'92d be able to do it. I don\u8217\'92t understand why you didn\u8217\'92t use her in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She needs her hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In that case, it\u8217\'92s either hope Purl magically develops some resolve, or, and this was always possible, treat with me. If you give me something which overwhelms my allegiance to Solraheen, I would betray Him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it you want?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I want is something that elegantly solves the problem of the Mazidariga, and that\u8217\'92s why I know you\u8217\'92ll do it, because an elegant solution demands implementation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get on with it,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One distant whistle and the Mazidariga sucks the dim Spark from my body, rendering me inert. It\u8217\'92s safe to assume that Jeket is crawling with Mazidariga, so even if you could control me, the Riga will discover me long before we reach Solraheen\u8217\'92s chamber. But if you give me what I want, none of this will be a problem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said get on with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want my freedom. I want my own bright and willful Spark. I want to be sustained by me, and me alone. If I had my own share of the divine, then it stands to reason that I would be freed from the Mazidariga\u8217\'92s hunt, and I would be freed from a Minder\u8217\'92s influence. In return for this grand gesture, I would do anything you wish, even if it went against my own baser instinct. I would work to undo what Solraheen has done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram stroked his beard, unbothered by the fact it bloodied his fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do I get you a Spark?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you not give me this will-less Spark that I have now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was your own,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93I merely retrieved it from the Riga\u8217\'92s body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Mandri? I was awake in the cave when you breathed a Spark into his body. I did not believe such a thing was possible, yet here he is. If you could infuse Mandri\u8217\'92s corpse with a Spark which was not his own, then do the same for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram eyed Elrahet and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can this be done?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Mazid is a construction,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93It is a kind of creature for which no true Spark exists. Giving him one would require an act of divine creation, and that is a power known only to the gods.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shrugged and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well then, if it can\u8217\'92t be done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet growled, and her hand twisted tight on her staff and she said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not say it could not be done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears pricked up, and the old witch seemed to grow a foot in his eyes as she loomed over Obo\u8217\'92s diminutive form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, creature, if I grant you a Spark, what would stop you from killing us? What would stop you from going back on your word?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing,\u8221\'94 Obo admitted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see!?\u8221\'94 she shrieked. \u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t trust the creature! We\u8217\'92re better off stumbling blind into a nest of battles.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand your concern,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93Solraheen gave humanity a Spark, and now you set out to repay that kindness by betraying Him. You\u8217\'92re worried I\u8217\'92ll get the same idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why wouldn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 Elrahet spat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you say, we are different creatures. Don\u8217\'92t project your own failings onto me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet snarled and Ayram laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Worry not,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93Damned will be the day that I trust the Mazid to honor words. We\u8217\'92ll make do without his wisdom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is one other option,\u8221\'94 Obo blurted out. \u8220\'93I held it back because it helps me none. Actually, this solution was in your grasp just now, but true to form, you\u8217\'92ve managed to squander the opportunity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know this for certain, but I assume that when the Mazidariga whistled the will-less Spark out of my body, I became, in a sense, invisible to the Riga. Presumably, you could capture a Riga }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 after}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  it has disabled me, then you could walk right into Jeket with both our bodies unmolested. Then, standing before Solraheen, you could reanimate me as you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve done just now, then carry on with your wanton act of defilement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stood up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait a finger\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are you saying that we could have\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram waved Seb off and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92d have to keep the Riga alive. We\u8217\'92d have to carry it all the way to Jeket. We\u8217\'92d be trading smuggling you for smuggling a Riga child. It\u8217\'92s one problem for another.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suspect,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93That the Mazidariga are not capable of tracking each other the way they can track us Mazidai. And I\u8217\'92m not certain of it, but it stands to reason that they cannot track my will-less Spark if I do not possess it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spoke up again. By now he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d almost reached the conversation. \u8220\'93So we could have walked right into the Jeket if we hadn\u8217\'92t just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram cut Seb short a third time, and the grim look on his face told Seb that if he had to shut him up a fourth time, it would come at a cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo answered Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question anyway. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, if you had waited to revive me, you could have walked straight to Jeket without a worry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s no matter,\u8221\'94 Ayram grunted. \u8220\'93If we\u8217\'92ve captured a Riga once, we can do it again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo tilted his head as if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite heard right. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not confident that you can afford another Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t think we could afford the first one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a fair point, but even if you have a small army of Ayramun stashed away for the rare rainy day, that still won\u8217\'92t be enough to stand up to what\u8217\'92s coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen the Sand swallow armies before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So we\u8217\'92re walking out into the Sand?\u8221\'94 Obo asked. \u8220\'93I thought we were headed to Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jeket by way of the Sand,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we should get started, because Hrk will find this place, see what you\u8217\'92ve done, and I can only hope that we\u8217\'92re far away by then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram wiped a small circle of sand flat with his booted foot. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How far out are they?\u8221\'94 he asked Obo. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we are where I think we are, then it's a two day march from the nearest outpost at Shahiz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shahiz\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ayram mumbled as he drew a crude map of southwest Jandri in the dirt with his spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once the Hrks discover that I am still on the loose, and that the Riga they sent is dead, the troops at Shahiz will be the least of your worries. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long will it take for them to figure all that out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For all I know, they already know. But once they do figure it out, every Hrkan captain from here to the eastern sea will be stirring. You\u8217\'92ve kicked the largest ant hill this world has ever seen. The Lords are not one to let a weapon such as me go missing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram finished drawing the map of Jandri and began to pace around it. If Mandri felt he was allowed to speak he would have offered to make it a little more presentable. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is the nearest Hrkan outpost to Luqr?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a garrison in Luqr itself,\u8221\'94 Obo answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since when?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last summer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you,\u8221\'94 Ayram declared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe what you want, I\u8217\'92m not lying,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram held Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze for a moment, but eventually accepted the news and added a dot and an arrow to his map. Elrahet\u8217\'92s robe brushed right through it all as she marched right up to Ayram. By now she was a bottled up old bag of frustration. She said through clenched teeth, \u8220\'93I thought you said you wouldn\u8217\'92t trust its word.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93There }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a garrison in Luqr, I was only seeing if it would lie about it. It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter anyways. We can make it to the bones of Bullr before the Hrkans get to us. It will be close, so we have to leave right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo was unimpressed. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Bullr basin is surrounded by Hrkan cities. There will be no way out if you wander in there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grinned under his bloody bush of a beard and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This may surprise you, Mazid, but the world is full of forces beyond your comprehension.\u8221\'94}}