{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scrawny woman walking in front of Mandri, the one spitting her way through this dark cave complex, her name was Seb. The man walking behind Mandri, the short and stout man whose bread wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t baked all the way through, his name was Hill, and according to Hill, their two names were the only two things that Mandri needed to know. Don\u8217\'92t bother with \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91what\u8217\'92s going on\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91I can\u8217\'92t see where I\u8217\'92m going\u8217\'92, the only thing that mattered was that Seb was in front, Hill was behind, and that was the way things were going to be. If Mandri did so much as breathe too loudly for Hill\u8217\'92s comfort, that was sufficient cause for an open handed smack on the back of the head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unfortunately for Mandri, his once-dead-legs were as stiff as rods so every step begged a groan. Every bend of knee felt like he were ripping tendons apart. Instead of striding through the dark like Hill wanted him to, Mandri shuffled through it on sensitive feet, doing what he could to avoid the trash that littered the floor, and that was hard to do too as well, because the rock tunnel was a dumping ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a horde of trash piled all the way up the low ceiling. It was not a place for unshod feet. Hidden in the shadows of Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dancing torchlight were the picked-clean bones of small animals all scattered amongst splintered balkanut which looked like shattered skulls. Curved clay shards of wasted jars and all manner of organic waste was the worst of it. Mandri stepped in cold and gooey lumps of muck that glistened when it welled up in between his toes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he couldn\u8217\'92t figure what this substance was until Hill stepped in it, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Black Spark, Seb! Ya did it again?\u8221\'94 Hill was pointing down at a dark stain that soured the toe of his hard leather boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb shoved Mandri aside so she could get an eye on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Course not,\u8221\'94she protested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why can\u8217\'92t ya shit in the hole like everyone else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It always is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Chopper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This shit is half green, that means it\u8217\'92s you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb kicked a clay jar and sent it flying down the tunnel. "Who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the one pilin\u8217\'92 all this trash in here, huh? There\u8217\'92s a hole for all shit, too, but ya\u8217\'92ll too lazy. Get yourself together fore you come and pick on my habits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She turned a cold shoulder to Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s indignation, and she started off again into the dark. Hill grumbled a curse and nudged Mandri onwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri clutched his blanket tight around his naked shoulders. He was worried that something in the fetid clutter might brush up against him and somehow infect his wound. He searched the shadow-strewn ground for a clean edge of stone to scrape his shit-stained foot against, but found none. The tunnel was crammed with so much garbage that it all seemed part of the natural cave. In fact, not one bit of stone could be seen in the flickering torchlight, not even on the low ceiling, for that was mottled over in gray-green moldy growths. An utterly loathsome place. This was life in all its slovenly, pack-rat glory, and both Seb and Hill picked their way through it as if they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d placed each piece themselves, like pampered toddlers wading through scattered toys.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri recalled the ambush in which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been captured, and he could not understand how these two boorish bandits had managed to evade the clutches of the Skulsi. Seb herself was as unimposing as an outland poke could be, dirty and hungry looking. She looked like desperation itself, and not the dangerous kind of desperation either. She was that sad kind of desperation that any upstanding person could defeat by simply looking away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And Hill?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill had his plump pinky finger stuck halfway up his own nose, digging for gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave some for me,\u8221\'94 Mandri joked in judgmental tones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill 's eyes flashed, his cheeks flushed, and he gave Mandri a pulled punch in the ribs. He said to Seb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take the little dent out to the pit,\u8221\'94 and he marched past them both and turned into a sidelong passage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where you goin\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94 Seb shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To get Ayram,\u8221\'94 Hill shouted back. And with that, he disappeared, taking his torchlight with him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gutwipe,\u8221\'94 Seb muttered when Hill was good and gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wondered how he was supposed to carry on without any light. Then he felt the cold iron point of a dagger prodding his back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t think about tryin\u8217\'92 nothin\u8217\'92 stupid,\u8221\'94 Seb said coldly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92d Hill say about talkin\u8217\'92? Now get up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood up and started to move in the direction he supposed Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dagger wanted him to go. The two of them walked for a spell, bumbling through the dark, toes and knees knocking into whatever happened to be in their way. Eventually they rounded a bend and came to yet another tunnel, one which gave way to the blinding light of day. When they finally emerged into the sunlight\u8217\'92s heat, Seb\u8217\'92s dagger relented, and Mandri\u8217\'92s aching legs took the opportunity to collapse. Instead of slamming into rock, his knees splashed into warm, soothing sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He dug his hand into it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wanted to wriggle into it like a sand flea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya\u8217\'92ll get \u8216\'91im sorted,\u8221\'94 Seb commanded. Her robe brushed against Mandri\u8217\'92s back as she twirled and darted back into the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, still blinded from the sudden appearance of day, tried to blink out the bright white blotch that had burned itself into his vision. A few blinks more, and that whiteness resolved into a circle of blue sky surrounded by an escarpment of white stone rock. He was kneeling at the bottom of a colossal limestone bucket, a pit cave, with walls some fifty feet tall. The prenoon sun angled its light down the sides of this pit, leaving Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s half in a dusty, radiant glow, and the other half in a crescent shadow warmed orange by the sand\u8217\'92s reflected light. There were dark figures milling about in that warm shadow on the opposite side, some standing, some sitting. They were all looking at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of them stepped forward into the sunlight. She was a dark Zosan girl, and her smooth face was framed by a tight white headscarf, the unwrapped end of which hung loose around the neck. The rest of her figure was shrouded to the ankles by an patternless beige robe. It was a clean and simple look, and despite the wear and tear that spoke of a life roughing it out in the Sand, this girl wore it all with a hint of regal bearing, for she held her shoulders in a kind of self-important swoop that showed she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been trained in the art of woman-standing-still. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the Mazid,\u8221\'94 she said. Her voice was as uncompromising as her posture, though she wasn\u8217\'92t much older than Mandri. And while her statement was a simple matter of fact, the way she said it suggested it was some keen insight obvious only to her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who are you?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. He was anxious to appear unruffled. He sat back on his heels and contemplated standing up but decided against it because he wasn\u8217\'92t sure if his legs could manage it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t speak without permission,\u8221\'94 the girl said as she wrinkled her nose. He supposed she could smell rot on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Moteah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said don\u8217\'92t speak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah huffed at this final indiscretion, then turned to the scraggly men and women behind her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get the boy fit for walking. And make sure he doesn\u8217\'92t speak.\u8221\'94 Then she walked into caves after Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get him fit for a dog\u8217\'92s dick,\u8221\'94 said a grumbling voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up, Weeg.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You shut up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one\u8217\'92s to mess with the boy until Ayram\u8217\'92s sussed him out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The woman who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come to Mandri\u8217\'92s defense was a silver-haired Jandri poke, athletic, wearing a fitted brown robe with a choking neckline and seams ornamented by knotted leather tassels the length of toes. This robe, combined with her sun-leathered skin and general greasiness, made her seem like an overgrown taproot come to life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Name\u8217\'92s Forty,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re Mandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feel free to speak,\u8221\'94 Forty said, amused. She then turned around and chided the shadows. \u8220\'93I shouldn\u8217\'92t have to say this, but things being what they are\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no one touches a hair on this prick\u8217\'92s head unless Ayram says so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few unhappy grunts followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 Forty continued, \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s got Papi\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When no one answered, Forty pointed towards Mandri with an open hand and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy needs robes before we set out and Papi\u8217\'92s will fit. So, who\u8217\'92s got \u8216\'91em?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Papi\u8217\'92s not been dead two days,\u8221\'94 said one unhappy shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So? Do you think Papi cares what happens to his clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you take his clothes, then, Weeg?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who did?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty turned to a lounging man tucked right inside the bottom swerve of the pit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crescent shadow. She motioned for Mandri to follow her, and as she sauntered towards this burly fellow he stretched himself out amongst a couple of burlap sacks, claiming them all with his splayed out arms and legs. Between the man\u8217\'92s beard, brows, and hair there was hardly a splotch of skin on him. There was a mouth on his head somewhere, because sticking out of the beard was a fat, stubby pipe. The smoke swirling out of it stank of freeweed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded at this wiry black bush named Tob, but Tob did not nod back. Instead he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The bastard can freeze and burn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is Tob,\u8221\'94 said Forty, as she sat down next to the man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob is an idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re dried-up,\u8221\'94 Tob retorted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty pointed to the bundle of clothes that lay between Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s elbow and armpit. \u8220\'93Are those Papi\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob rolled onto his side and patted the bundle with care. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are. Make a nice pillow, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only way this Mazid here is getting them is if Ayram commands it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give them here,\u8221\'94 said Forty, undeterred. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woman\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what did I just say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want to explain to Ayram why the boy is still naked when he gets here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob took a thoughtful drag from his pipe. He held the smoke captive in his barrel chest for a long moment, and the exhale, when it came, was a sheepish attempt to obscure a reluctant, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty pulled the bundle of clothes out from under Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bushy bulk. She tossed it to Mandri as Tob grumbled, \u8220\'93Last I checked we was called the Ayramun, not the Fortyun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never said we was called anything else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri picked at the troublesome knot which kept the outfit wrapped tight, and Tob was clear to stress, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need be remembering who those clothes belong to. They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s. Everything is Ayram\u8217\'92s here. Clothes on my back. Those clothes there. The food that\u8217\'92s coming to your belly. It\u8217\'92s all loaned out, if you like. Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s. Not yours. Not Moteah\u8217\'92s. And not Forty\u8217\'92s either. So don\u8217\'92t get confused by the way the women act.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri finally pulled the plaited hemp string free, and unrolled the apparel onto the ground. There was a thick brown three-layered robe all crumpled up with salt and sweat, and next to it was a simple hoodscarf, brown as well. The dead Papi had no eye for flair, though that suited Mandri just fine. There was also a pair of rawhide boots that, when Mandri put them on, seemed cut perfectly to size. It was all in good shape, too. It would have been perfect if not for the blood stain around the collar and a long splotch of blood running down the left arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri finally had it all on, with the tails of the hoodscarf wrapped clumsily around his neck, he felt transformed. He was as pokey as the rest of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob looked him up and down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Papi wore when you killed \u8216\'91im.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh...Well I didn\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not supposed to speak,\u8221\'94 Tob said as he blew a puff of smoke in Mandri\u8217\'92s direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I ask why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A gruff voice rose up from the shadows behind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cause you a damned Mazid, you dent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The charge had come from Weeg. Weeg was a dirty and disheveled man who looked like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just rolled down a dune. Sand was stuck to his unreasonably flat and blocky face. His nose was a bulbous root\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 must have been broken a time or three.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pull off him,\u8221\'94 Forty said. \u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter if he talks. Not like he can do blow fire unless he\u8217\'92s allowed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at his bloodstained sleeve. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t want me wearing these robes, I don\u8217\'92t need to. I\u8217\'92m fine with just my blanket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty chuckled at his naivety. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t be fine when we head out into the Sand,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93That skimpy blanket would leave your legs in boils.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better than wearin\u8217\'92 Papi\u8217\'92s robes,\u8221\'94 said Tob. \u8220\'93That robe is woven bad luck\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the warp to weft is three to one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t start,\u8221\'94 said Forty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This ain\u8217\'92t a matter of startin\u8217\'92 and stoppin\u8217\'92. A three to one weave is plain bad luck. That\u8217\'92s how it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty groaned and Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s caterpillar brow jumped at Mandri. \u8220\'93Women don\u8217\'92t know about luck, do they? Course, you don\u8217\'92t know about it either, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel a little bit lucky. I mean, I\u8217\'92m alive, aren\u8217\'92t I? Couple of fingers ago I thought I was dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you weren\u8217\'92t dead,\u8221\'94 Tob said emphatically. \u8220\'93You were body dead, sure, but no Sparkless Mazid ever dies cuz it weren\u8217\'92t livin\u8217\'92 in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t look alive to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beady eyes livened up. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right. You nothin\u8217\'92 but a puppet. An everyone knows a puppet is nothin\u8217\'92 but bad luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bad luck on him means bad luck on us,\u8221\'94 said Weeg, from behind. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you all, Elrahet been readin\u8217\'92 the future upside down. That creature there is a curse. Sun as my light, that creature there is gonna get us all killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That so?\u8221\'94 Forty asked with a sarcastic bend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s so. Look what happened when we ambushed it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more n\u8217\'92 half of us dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty intervened again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were dealing with a Mazid and eighty something Skulsi. We were always gonna lose people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Weeg scrunched up his ruined nose and it gave a buckling-crack as the cartilage snapped into a painful sneer. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woulda been less dead if it weren\u8217\'92t such a shitshow, and you tell me, how\u8217\'92d things go down that way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you,\u8221\'94 said Tob.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty rolled her eyes and said derisively, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me guess\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we got unlucky?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right. And there\u8217\'92s things you need to know about Luck. Luck is like peelin\u8217\'92 plaster, you have to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty interrupted with a mule-like whine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93You're the unluckiest bastard in the world. You don\u8217\'92t know shit about luck.\u8221\'94 She looked to Mandri through tired eyes and added, \u8220\'93He hides his face in all that hair cause he\u8217\'92s so damned ugly. And guess how he got those scars? The man got his head chewed up by a keenkedra.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I survived!\u8221\'94 Tob exclaimed. \u8220\'93Who touched tongues with a full-grown keenki and lived to tell about it? No one! None but }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . And why? Because of my luck.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lucky you survived, but you were as unlucky as a Hrkan prick to ever get swallowed by that lizard in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the thing!\u8221\'94 Tob exclaimed, almost shouting. His left eye was wide with excitement, revealing to Mandri that under all that hair the right side of his face was paralyzed. Something like that is usually obvious from the way the lips skew when a person speaks, but Tob\u8217\'92s mouth was little more than a hole in the black broom that was his beard, and the right side of it had an excuse for not moving as it was busy clenching his pipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need lots of bad luck to really know about luck,\u8221\'94 said Tob. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the always-lucky that don\u8217\'92t know a thing about luck because they don\u8217\'92t need to. They don\u8217\'92t step in any holes and they get to believin\u8217\'92 that holes don\u8217\'92t exist. But I\u8217\'92ve stepped in all the holes. I know my way around them by now. I\u8217\'92ve got Luck mapped out as well as anybody who ever lived.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That don\u8217\'92t make sense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob shrugged Forty off and stayed steady on Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I shoot an arrow at you, what says whether or not it kills you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty cut in again, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck has nothing to do with it. It\u8217\'92s the gods that decide.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The gods are all dead!\u8221\'94 Tob retorted. \u8220\'93These days, it\u8217\'92s luck! Skill says whether or not you hit the target. You aim at the neck, an\u8217\'92 if you\u8217\'92re skilled, you hit the neck. Luck says whether it rips through the pipes or only scratches the throat.\u8221\'94 As proof of his words, Tob pulled up his beard to reveal, lurking under a scraggle of neck hair, a long white scar that wrapped around his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like someone tried to chop your head off,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A stunted bald man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been snoozing away perked up and shouted, \u8220\'93Chop!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All eyes turned to this man, alarmed, and Tob was quick to shout back with expressive hands, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No! No chop. No chop today.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94 the bald man asked again, disappointed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chop,\u8221\'94 Tob repeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The bald man pouted and lay back down. As soon his head hit his pack of a pillow he was snoozing again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob sighed and said to Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t say that word around Chopper unless you need something cut. And if you need something cut you better find him and let him do it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or else. Anyways, like I was sayin\u8217\'92, the arrow that did my neck was shot from only twenty paces. Busted right through me. And that arrow came from a Scweeman no less\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as skilled as any here with a bow. But he couldn\u8217\'92t beat my luck. I\u8217\'92d wager more than money that my good luck is what saved me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He says that, but he won\u8217\'92t ever actually wager anything,\u8221\'94 Forty snipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because it\u8217\'92s not right for me to take advantage of others in matters of luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about a wager on }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 asked the gruff Weeg, pointing a hateful finger at Mandri. \u8220\'93I bet ten wraps this walkin\u8217\'92 curse is gonna get us all killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty cracked a confused smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we\u8217\'92re all killed, then how are you gonna come and collect?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Twenty wraps!\u8221\'94 Weeg shouted. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t need to collect cuz bein\u8217\'92 right is just as good. Boy\u8217\'92s a demon. Puttin\u8217\'92 him here in our midst\u8230\'85it\u8217\'92s unright. Who says he ain\u8217\'92t gonna roast us all in golden fire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet says it,\u8221\'94 was Forty\u8217\'92s reply, and somehow that was enough to end the argument. Weeg sneered for the sake of it, baring his crooked yellow teeth. After that he settled down, but not before getting in a final barb. \u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t trust this one to keep the piss out his pants.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty rolled her eyes, and Mandri took the opportunity to rest his aching legs by sitting down next to her, for she seemed to be the only person who would tolerate him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better get used to waiting,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s half of what we do around here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob overheard and added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From then on, they sat and waited in that crescent shadow in silence. This gave Mandri time to think about how this ragged band of sand-spitting pokes had killed eighty-something Skulsi. On top of that, for some god-bothering reason, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d captured him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These people hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t accidentally captured him, that was for sure. They knew to remove the hand that gripped his heart and put in a new one. An ordinary band of outlaws would never have the esoteric knowledge necessary to perform such a procedure. And they hadn\u8217\'92t captured him for ransom because if they wanted money there much easier targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said quietly to Forty, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I ask why I\u8217\'92m here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 was her brusque reply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Mandri was undeterred. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I only ask because I know there\u8217\'92s no love for the Hrkan world out here in the Sand. I\u8217\'92ve no love for it either. But if you intend to use me as a weapon like they were, I\u8217\'92m not going to play along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94 Forty asked with a bored sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve no intention of letting you use me to kill people. Doesn\u8217\'92t matter who they are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw you kill three men with one swipe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Against my will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly. What I\u8217\'92m sayin\u8217\'92 is, what you do isn\u8217\'92t really up to you, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Probably this Ayram knew as well, whoever he was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sat and waited for one of them to make an entrance.}}