{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78741"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78741}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Coining is the term applied to the processes employed in the manufacture of money. It is proposed to describe the present mode of manufacture; but it may be as well to state, that in remote periods money was made by cutting out a piece of metal somewhat of the form of the intended coin, and imparting the device to it by the blow of a sledge-hammer. For this purpose the blank piece of metal was laid upon a die, say the obverse, fixed into a block of wood or stone, supposed to have been so large as to absorb the vibration caused by the blow, and to a great extent prevent the quivering which would naturally arise, and cause unsteadiness. The workman then took the other die, say the reverse, and passing it through a folded sheet of lead, in order to avoid the shock to the hand, he placed the engraved part on the blank, which was resting on the lower die, and held it firmly while another workman struck it with a sledge-hammer. It is worthy of remark that a piece of lead such as that described is in the Museum of Dies at the Royal Mint; and although its surface, by the action of the atmosphere and other causes, is now converted into carbonate of lead, indentations caused by the tips of the workman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers are evident. This piece is believed to have been used with a die of Edward IV. At a later period the upper die was held in a twisted hazel stick. After each blow the dies were what is technically termed locked together; that is, the lower and upper dies were made to fit into the partly-formed coin, so that neither die could turn without turning the whole mass, and then a second or third blow was given, till the coin was completed. An improvement on this method was effected by fitting the two dies into rods of iron, which may be represented as a pair of tongs; the flat parts which are used to take a coal would then be the position occupied by the dies. This plan saved the operator some risk of bruised fingers, but the process was essentially the same as the original one; and to money produced by either means was applied the term\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 hammered}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~money, in contradistinction to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 milled}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~money; that is, money which was made from blanks obtained from fillets which had been rolled in a very rough kind of rolling mill, driven by horse power\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the germ\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 2]from which sprang the present machinery. On this point it is perhaps of interest to quote a passage from the Report made to the Lords of the Treasury in 1695 by Mr. William Lowndes, who says:\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All the moneys we have now in England, both gold and silver, are reducible to two sorts, one stamped with the hammer, and the other pressed with an engine called the mill. The gold or silver of the hammered money is first cast from the melting-pot into long bars, those bars are cut with shears into several square pieces of exact weight for sovereigns, angels, crowns, half-crowns, shillings, &c. Then with tongs and hammer they are forged into a round shape, after which they are blanched }{\f0\fs24\b1 (that is, made white or refulgent by nealing or boiling}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), and afterwards stampt or impressed with an hammer to make them perfect money.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The processes now used are as elaborate as the old methods were simple; but considering the requirements of the present day, and the enormous quantity of money produced, it must not be expected that our coins will, for depth of engraving, bear comparison with those of the Romans, who, though succeeding in producing finished works of art, seem to have forgotten the wear and tear to which they would be subjected, and so left them, as a rule, free from a protecting edge; hence they would lose their image and superscription at a far earlier date from their birth or manufacture than would well-made coins of the present period.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When its authorities desire to coin gold they give notice at the Mint, and subsequently send at stated intervals \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93importations\u8221\'94 of say 200 ingots of gold, each weighing about\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 4]180 ounces, and previously assayed. Upon the arrival of these ingots at the Mint, they are taken to an office, where, in the presence of an officer from the Bank of England, a small piece is cut from each ingot, and hammered out into a kind of strip. This piece is then put into a paper marked with a letter which corresponds with the mark or letter on the individual ingot from which it was taken. This having been effected for each ingot, the pieces are forwarded with their respective ingots to the Mint Office, where their weight is determined and compared with that charged by the Bank of England. The pieces which have been hammered out and placed in a marked packet are called the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93assay pieces.\u8221\'94 The assay pieces are sent to the resident assayer in the Mint, who estimates and reports to the Master the amount of pure gold in each ingot. The report of the resident assayer is then submitted to the Bank authorities, and if they find it to agree with their own assayer\u8217\'92s report, the ingots are retained for operations in the Mint. When it is desired to get the ingots of gold into a form fit for coining, they have to be alloyed with copper, or fine gold must be added, so as to bring them to standard or crown gold, which consists of 22 parts of pure gold and 2 parts of alloy, or 91\u183\'B766 per cent. of gold and 8\u183\'B733 per cent. of copper in 100 parts. Copper is usually employed because it is cheaper, and forms a harder alloy than silver.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 he pot C is made of a mixture of Stourbridge clay and plumbago, hence called a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 plumbago pot}{\f0\fs24\b0 ; it is 9\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u188\'BC inches deep, and 7 inches across at the top inside. The pot, previously annealed, is placed in the furnace on a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 bottom}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~which stands upon the two centre bars.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain }