{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 You should not draw up water which you cannot\~reach\~(}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 1 ms. has instead:}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~grasp): it will make you weak.\line }{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 1 line unclear}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The palace is like a mighty river: its middle is goring bulls; what flows in is never enough to fill it, and what flows out can never be stopped.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 You should not buy a prostitute: she is a mouth that bites. You should not buy a house-born slave: he is a herb that makes the stomach sick. You should not buy a free man: he will always lean against the wall. You should not buy a palace slave girl: she will always be the bottom of the barrel (?). You should rather bring down a foreign slave from the mountains, or you should bring somebody from a place where he is an alien; my son, then he will pour water for you where the sun rises and he will walk before you. He does not belong to any family, so he does not want to go to his family; he does not belong to any city, so he does not want to go to his city.\~(}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 1 ms. adds 2 lines:}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~He cannot knock at the door of ......, he cannot enter .......)\~He will not ...... with you, he will not be presumptuous with you.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Fate is a wet bank; it can make one slip.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 You should not work using only your eyes; you will not multiply your possessions using only your mouth.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Without suburbs a city has no centre either.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Dirty business, dirty doer,}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Spotless business, spotless doer\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Do not speak of secret schemes, say something positive.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing is of value, but life should be sweet. When a man has no property, (that) man owns something. Death(?) is the share of mankind }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do not backbi[te, s]peak fair words. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}