{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mesopotamia and beer: }
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4PVVVNr620"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4PVVVNr620}}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Different signs for different jars of a particular type of beer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Built around malted beer, but a host of different brewing traditions built around different grains. Maize, millet, sorghum, rice, etc.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Golden, dark, sweet dark, red, strained.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bulky ceramic filter.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beer categorized by quality - ordinary, strong, very strong.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Liquid bread - but maybe a little rarer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Man who comes home drunkand  is unable to please his wife in bed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beer was often consumed from a communal vessel through long reed straws.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Conical bowls that are cheap to produce and poor quality.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beer and politics - feasting practices involving beer and inebriation played a key role in the process of state formation.restricted political system dominated by an inner circle of movers and shakers. Exclusive feasts helped separate newly elite off from the rabble.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Brewer and tavern keeper - brewer men, tavern keeper women.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fed brewing byproduct to pigs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ingredients - barley groats and malt}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Golden beer - emmer wheat, malted barley, bappir}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really know what the ingredients were}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Malted barley - barley thats been allowed to germinate and start the process of breaking the starches in the grain down into fermentable sugars.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bappir - some kind of crumbly bread or cake. One that could be dried out and stored for later use.disagreement about exactly what it was, and where it would have fit into the brewing process. Maybe some kind of roasted barley product. Maybe something akin to biscotti. Most likely somethink similr to cakes of nuri in korea = a fermentation starter}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Raw grains - barley/emmer wheat. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Roasted grains toasted, modified - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91adjunct\u8217\'92 - possibly some involved separate fermentation stage.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Date syrup - primary sweetener - add early to increase sugars and boost fermentation, thus adding to alcohol content, or later as a sweetener}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aromatics - }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Coriander, cardamom, mint, fennel, cumin, watercress, garlic, mustard seed, juniper berries, tamarisk, honey, dates figs, plums, pomegranates, apples. Not hops.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yeast - we dont know how mesopotamian brewers were etting the fermentation process started.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Drinking song}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The gakkul vat, the gakkul vat}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The gakkul vat, which makes the liver happy,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The lamsare vat which rejoices the heart,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The ugur bal jar, a fitting thing in the house}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The saub jar which is filled with berr}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The am am jar which carries the beer of the lamsare vat}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The beautiful vessels are ready on their pot stands}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Breweing vessels in pairs - a filtering or fermentation vessel set above a collecting vessel. Hole pierced in the base of teh upper vessel.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hymn to ninkasi - flowery song description fo the brewing proces.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ninkasi, you are the one who bakes the bappir in a big oven, puts in order the piles of hulled grain. You are the one who soaks the malt in a jar, the waves rise, the waves fall.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ninkasi, the fermenting vat, which makes a pleasant sound, you place a top the large collector vat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ninkasi, you are the one who pours out the filtered beer of the collector vat.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Barley (for bappir) > grinding > mixed with reserved sourdough > Fermentation > portion asid in a vessel or interrupt fermentation for storage (drying, baking) \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 > MASh: crumble sourdough, mix with water.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 +}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Barley > germination >green malt > halt germination process; dying and grinding/crushing. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 > MAsh: mix malt with water and allowed to steep.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 =}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then initial fermentation stage where the Two mashes (bappir and malt) mixed together and allowed to ferment. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 > intermediate product that can be dried out and stored for later use (Solid components like cakes that are transportable) \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 > Final fermentation. Brewed in vessel with pierced base - dried cakes dissolved in water - ferment to produce beer.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bappir - we know it was associated with an oven. But if you want to argue that bappir was serving as a yeast source, well if you bake it that kills off the yeast and that doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t serve as a yeast source.  Bake bread at really low temperature, so it just dries it out for preservation purposes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hopps, climbing vine, resins in the hop, citrus flavors, piney, bitterness too. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dead simple - they used the foam from beer (what some call \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93barm\u8221\'94) today. This is mentioned as far back as the first century, when Pliny the Elder pointed out that some Gauls made bread that was finer and lighter than Roman bread because they used the foam from beer on it. But thousands of years before that the Sumerians, who made both bread and beer, probably already used the same method.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Until the start of the nineteenth century, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93barm\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93yeast\u8221\'94 were synonymous. Then an Austrian worked out how to extract a purer form of pressed yeast from the usual product and by the end of the century yeast was a separate item.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If you use \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93yeast\u8221\'94 in the largest sense of a ferment using a particular kind of organism, then you\u8217\'92re also talking about sourdough, originally just a piece of dough from a previous batch which was used to ferment the next one. This goes back to Neolithic times - risen loaves have been found from that period. But it did not really catch on in Europe until the Romans took over and made leavened bread more popular.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 While there are a number of items, including fruit juice, one can use to leaven dough, sourdough and (as a separate product) yeast have been the main ones for millennia.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The crushed malt is left in hot water for about an hour. We put a sleeping bag over the mash tun to keep the temperature stable for the starch converting enzymes to get to work. After about an hour, they have done their job and we have a mash tun full of sweetness. The mash is brown, no longer the pale crushed malt we started with. When the lautering and sparging is finished and we have our wort, the grains in the mash tun look as if they are whole. They are not. Only the husks remain. The starchy endosperm has all been converted into malt sugars by the enzymes. This leftover grain is draff, also known as spent grain or brewer's grains and it makes excellent animal fodder. One of the reasons why the archaeological evidence for mashing is minimal. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fire is the obvious way to heat a mash in a sealed earthenware pot, but you have to be careful - too much heat and the saccharification will not work. I made a hearth in our back garden and decided to find out whether I could mash in a pot. Here's a couple of photos of my first mashing experiments. Almost twenty years ago now. This work was done as part of my M.Phil research into the archaeological evidence for brewing in prehistory. I took some crushed pale malt and mixed it with cold water in an earthenware bowl. The porous bowl had been previously sealed with beeswax. I put the bowl on hot ashes to provide a gentle, consistent heat. I decided to start with cold water. The reason being that I could watch over the pot and wait for the correct temperature for the saccharification as the water slowly heated up. }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With no thermometer how would I know when the temperature was correct for mashing? This, in practice, turned out to be very easy. The mixture in the bowl began to smell sweet and delicious. The mash changed colour. I tasted it. It tasted sweet. The saccharification was obvious. While I watched the mash pot I made some little 'cakes' or 'biscuits' by making a thick mixture of crushed malt and water. These were put on the flat stone beside the fire. It had become quite hot by now. Splashing water on them occasionally to keep them a bit damp, it was again obvious that sugars were being made. I knew that the enzymes were transforming starch into sugars. I understood the technology and the science. In prehistoric times this transformation of inedible grain into sweetness was, perhaps, deemed to be magic. }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We put it in a bowl on the central hearth, surrounded by samples of modern barley, bere, crushed malt, wort and beer. The mash smelled delicious, people came in to see what was going on. It's much easier to explain the brewing process to people when there are samples available, to smell and to taste.\~ }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We heated the water with hot stones, adding crushed malt when we could see our reflection in the hot water. This is an old technique for judging when the water temperature is correct for the strike, before thermometers were invented. It works. We used the hot stones to maintain mash temperature. It all worked perfectly. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Consumed while still fermenting. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The gods drinking and getting drunk. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beer vs wine.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Enkibru - a white, milky looking beer - silky mixture of cardamom, fennel, dates, juniper berries. Adding later, sweet, some might say cloying, not a crowd favorite.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gilgamesh -  standard.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sumerian imperfectly understood.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then mashing stage}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}