{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He and his followers mask such demonic impulses under the guise of pleasant and smart sounding egalitarian platitudes and self-aggrandizing statements of compassion for the world. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See: The Devil}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It appears that Dostoyevsky did not sympathize (as others did) with egalitarian communism and terrorism but was motivated by his strong disapproval of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/money/serfdom"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 serfdom}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . On April 23, 1849, he and the other members of the Petrashevsky Circle were arrested. Dostoyevsky spent eight months in prison until, on December 22, the prisoners were led without warning to the Semyonovsky Square. There a sentence of death by firing squad was pronounced, last rites were offered, and three prisoners were led out to be shot first. At the last possible moment, the guns were lowered and a messenger arrived with the information that the tsar had deigned to spare their lives. The mock-execution ceremony was in fact part of the punishment. One of the prisoners went permanently insane on the spot; another went on to write\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Crime and Punishment}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/place/Siberia"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Siberia}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Dostoyevsky experienced what he called the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93regeneration\u8221\'94 of his\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/convictions"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 convictions}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . He rejected the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/condescending"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 condescending}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~attitude of intellectuals, who wanted to impose their political ideas on society, and came to believe in the dignity and fundamental goodness of common people. He describes this change in his sketch\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Peasant Marey}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(which appears in\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Diary of a Writer}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ). Dostoyevsky also became deeply attached to Russian Orthodoxy, as the religion of the common people, although his faith was always at war with his\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/skepticism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 skepticism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . In one famous letter he describes how he thirsts for faith \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93like parched grass\u8221\'94 and concludes: \u8220\'93if someone proved to me that Christ is outside the truth, and that\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 in reality}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~the truth were outside of Christ, then I should prefer to remain with Christ rather than with the truth.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~After first trying to maintain a middle-of-the-road position, Dostoyevsky began to attack the radicals, who virtually defined the Russian intelligentsia. Dostoyevsky was repulsed by their\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/topic/materialism-philosophy"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 materialism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , their utilitarian\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/morality"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 morality}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , their reduction of art to propaganda, and, above all, their denial of individual freedom and responsibility. For the remainder of his life, he maintained a deep sense of the danger of radical ideas, and so his post-Siberian works came to be resented by the Bolsheviks and held in suspicion by the Soviet regime. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the first part of\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Zapiski iz podpolya}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(1864;\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Notes from the Underground}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) an unnamed first-person narrator delivers a brilliant attack on a set of beliefs shared by liberals and radicals: that it is possible to discover the laws of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/science/individual-psychology"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 individual psychology}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , that human beings consequently have no free choice, that\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/topic/history"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 history}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is governed by laws, and that it is possible to design a utopian society based on the laws of society and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/topic/human-nature"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 human nature}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Even if such a society could be built, the underground man argues, people would hate it just because it denied them\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/caprice"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 caprice}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and defined them as utterly predictable. In the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/art/novella"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 novella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~second part the underground man recalls incidents from his past, which show him behaving, in answer to determinism, according to sheer spite. Dostoyevsky thus makes clear that the underground man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s irrationalist solution is no better than the rationalists\u8217\'92 systems.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Notes from the Underground}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~also parodied the bible of the radicals, Nikolay Chernyshevsky\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s utopian fiction\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/topic/What-Is-to-Be-Done-novel-by-Chernyshevsky"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 W}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\ul\ulc0\cf4 hat Is to Be Done?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(1863). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Written at the same time as\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Gambler}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Prestupleniye i nakazaniye}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(1866;\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Crime and Punishment}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) describes a young\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/intellectual"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 intellectual}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , Raskolnikov, willing to gamble on ideas. He decides to solve all his problems at a stroke by murdering an old pawnbroker woman. Contradictory motives and theories all draw him to the crime. Utilitarian\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/morality"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 morality}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~suggests that killing her is a positive good because her money could be used to help many others. On the other hand, Raskolnikov reasons that belief in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/topic/good-and-evil"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 g}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ood and evil}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is itself sheer\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/prejudice"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 prejudice}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , a mere relic of religion, and that, morally speaking, there is no such thing as crime. Nevertheless, Raskolnikov, despite his denial of morality, sympathizes with the unfortunate and so wants to kill the pawnbroker just because she is an oppressor of the weak. His most famous theory justifying murder divides the world into extraordinary people, such as Solon, Caesar, and Napoleon, and ordinary people, who simply serve to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/propagate"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 propagate}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~the species. Extraordinary people, he theorizes, must have \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the right to transgress,\u8221\'94 or progress would be impossible. Nothing could be further from Dostoyevsky\u8217\'92s own morality, based on the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/infinite"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 infinite}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~worth of each human soul, than this Napoleonic theory, which Dostoyevsky viewed as the real content of the intelligentsia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belief in its superior wisdom.\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dostoyevsky\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s next novel,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Besy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(1872;\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Possessed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), earned him the permanent hatred of the radicals. Often regarded as the most brilliant political novel ever written, it interweaves two plots. One concerns Nikolay Stavrogin, a man with a void at the centre of his being. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is the novel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s other plot that has earned Dostoyevsky the reputation of a political prophet. It describes a cell of revolutionary conspirators led by Pyotr Stepanovich Verkhovensky, who binds the group together by involving them in murdering Shatov. (This incident was based on the scheme of a real revolutionary of the time, Sergey Nechayev.) One of the revolutionaries, Shigalyov, offers his thoughts on the emergence of the perfect society: \u8220\'93Starting with unlimited freedom, I arrive at unlimited despotism.\u8221\'94 Enforced equality and guaranteed\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/topic/utopia"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 utopia}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~demand the suppression of all individuality and independent thought. In lines that anticipate Soviet and Maoist cultural policy, Pyotr Stepanovich predicts that, when the revolution comes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cicero will have his tongue cut out, Copernicus will have his eyes put out, Shakespeare will be stoned,\u8221\'94 all in the name of \u8220\'93equality.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The novel is most famous for three chapters that may be ranked among the greatest pages of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/art/Western-literature"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Western literature}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . In \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebellion,\u8221\'94 Ivan indicts God the Father for creating a world in which children suffer. Ivan has also written a \u8220\'93poem,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93The Grand Inquisitor,\u8221\'94 which represents his response to God the Son. It tells the story of Christ\u8217\'92s brief return to earth during the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/topic/Spanish-Inquisition"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 panish Inquisition}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Recognizing him, the Inquisitor arrests him as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the worst of heretics\u8221\'94 because, the Inquisitor explains, the church has rejected Christ. For Christ came to make people\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/topic/free-will"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 f}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ree}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , but, the Inquisitor insists, people do not want to be free, no matter what they say. They want security and certainty rather than free choice, which leads them to error and guilt. And so, to ensure happiness, the church has created a society based on \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93miracle, mystery, and authority.\u8221\'94 The Inquisitor is evidently meant to stand not only for\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/medieval"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 medieval}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/topic/Roman-Catholicism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Roman Catholicism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~but also for contemporary socialism. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebellion\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93The Grand Inquisitor\u8221\'94 contain what many have considered the strongest arguments ever formulated against God, which Dostoyevsky includes so that, in refuting them, he can truly defend Christianity. It is one of the greatest\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/paradoxes"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 paradoxes}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of Dostoyevsky\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work that his deeply Christian novel more than gives the Devil his due.\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least two modern literary\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/genres"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 genres}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the prison camp novel and the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.britannica.com/art/dystopian-novel"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 d}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 ystopian novel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}