{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wilfrid Sellars (in a critical but reconstructive way)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sellars rejected Carnap\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s phenomenalist reduction but tried to preserve the idea of a scientifically constrained epistemology. His \u8220\'93scientific image vs. manifest image\u8221\'94 distinction is a reinterpretation of Carnap\u8217\'92s project:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No strict reduction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But a unified scientific worldview remains the regulative ideal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Knowledge is still ultimately grounded in the scientific image}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sellars is not a Carnapian, but he is one of the few who tried to repair the project rather than discard it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Is this not just a reframing of the stoic Katalepsis impressions?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his 1989 book Laws and Symmetry, Van Fraassen attempted to lay the ground-work for explaining physical phenomena without assuming that such phenomena are caused by rules or laws which can be said to cause or govern their behavior. Focusing on the problem of underdetermination, he argued for the possibility that theories could have empirical equivalence but differ in their ontological commitments. He rejects the notion that the aim of science is to produce an account of the physical world that is literally true and instead maintains that its aim is to produce theories that are empirically adequate.[18] Van Fraassen has also studied the philosophy of quantum mechanics, philosophical logic, and Bayesian epistemology. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Contemporary analytic philosophers generally think Carnap\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s original project is:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 not meaningful (because observation language cannot be isolated)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 not coherent (because reduction chains fail)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 not answerable (because theory-ladenness infects all observation)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is exactly the debate you referenced earlier: whether the question of a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93reduction base\u8221\'94 is even coherent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Justify our theory of the world by showing how it reduces to the evidence for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Show how our collective beliefs about the world are justified on the basis of the evidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I know that there\u8217\'92as an external world. My evidence is what my senses are telling me, but is that evidence enough to justify }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Due to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91indeterminancy of translation\u8217\'92, you can have inconsistent theories of the world, that are equally confirmed by the evidence. And there is no way to decied between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But, if there is a job of epistemology it is to explain the relationship between our theory of the world and the observational experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only other option is to naturalize epistemology - treat it as the study of what humans do indeed do. Because humans, as a matter of fact, are constantly producing theories of the world on the basis of our sensory stimulus - see (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From Stimulus to Science\u8221\'94) - our nerve endings are stimulated, that\u8217\'92s the input, from this meager input, we construct torrential ornate and convoluted descriptions of reality; the explanation of our stimulation. Epistemology\u8217\'92s job, now, is to just say, well, how do humans do that? How do humans produce this huge theoretical output on the basis of sensory input. How do we see in 3D given that our input in 2D; stimulation that doesn\u8217\'92t really have a dimension, its just electrical inputs stimulating our brain. Why and how are we constructing 3d vision from that inupt; that is an epistemelogical issue. They shouldn\u8217\'92t be interested in crusty old philosophical business, the kind of thing Gettier wrote on, you know, what are the conditions for \u8220\'93knowing that P\u8221\'94. The science is all we have to go on. Knowledge is a natural phenomenon that can be studied. It is our picture of the world. But the classical epistemolegist would say, we can\u8217\'92t call it knowledge yet, because we don\u8217\'92t know if it meets the standards of knowledge. But to say that is to say that there\u8217\'92s something above science which can judge what the correct standards are, but there aren\u8217\'92t. There is only science. Otto Neurath example: We\u8217\'92re on a ship. ANd we\u8217\'92re building a ship at the same time we\u8217\'92re on it; we\u8217\'92re using science at the same time we are thinking about science. You can\u8217\'92t get off the ship of science to look down on it and say we\u8217\'92re doing it right. The only standard by which to judge science is science.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Knowledge as a natural phenomenon resolves the issue of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Epistemelogical priority\u8217\'92  (conscious vs. Unconscious, Gestalt)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 gestalt psychologist - We don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t actually percieve in teh way Descarte, barkely, and hume say.  Lock in particuler; we take these tiny bits of sense data building blocks, and reconstruct objects. Gestalt psychologists say this isn\u8217\'92t true, we just direclty see the world in 3D. We don\u8217\'92t see it in 2D, and then infer 3D. We\u8217\'92re never conscious of sensory stimulations which cause the 3D world. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Do humans have a certain number of epistemlogical building blocks \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93phonemes\u8221\'94 as in liguistics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 quine purports to show that you cannot reduce theoretical sentences to observational sentences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 leads to an evolutionary epistemology; the way we view the world is a product of forces that enabled us to survive.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is Naturalized Epistemology normative?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Epistemology is usually considered the first philosohpy because we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to produce standards in order to judge our knowledge claims in other spheres, metaphysical or ethical claims. We judge them by the standards that epistemology has given us. It provides us with norms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is this just a descriptive enterprise? \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is how we gain our picture of the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quine says yes, it chan give us the standards of scientific rigor. So if we want to know, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93are we in a position to know this?\u8221\'94 well, science would say, you will be in a position to know it if you\u8217\'92ve done the rigor. Is there any way to get outside of science and say, is sicence doing it right? No. There is no such thing as \u8216\'91first philosophy\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Critics say, no. They want their first philosophy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It hasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t killed off the old fashioned epistemology. Quine would have had it kill off old fashioned stuff as a pointless exercise. But it goes on regardless. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Extensional vs. Intensional}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Extensional - things in teh world}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Intensional - the idea of the the thing, its properties.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 So, take dog for example;}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Extensional - the dogs that exist out there.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Intensional - what properties make a dog a dog. (renate, chordate,etc.\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 those terms have teh same extensions; because every animal that has a heart also has kidneys and vice versa) - same extension but not the same intension.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 This seems to imply problems for the denotitive theory of meaning. SO if all a word is is the things it picks out in the world, then renate and chordate have the same meaning, because the pick out the same thing (a creature with x), but they don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t mean the same thing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Frege doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t see it as a problem; intensional concept (sense), extensional concept (reference)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to me it seems intensional things are fantasies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Epistemological distinction -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - a priori - truth statement you can know without experience (e.g. a = a)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - a posteriori - truth statement requiring experience to know (the lemon is sour)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Semantic distinction -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - analytic - can discern truth just by analyzing the words and their construction (a = a)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - synthetic - requires understanding something of the nature of the referents (a = b)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Metaphysical distinction -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Necessary - Something has to be true, could not possibly be false (1+1=2)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Contingent - True, but could have been false (Today is monday)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 British Empiricists (Barkley, Locke, Hume) said that words are the unit of meaning (Red is tied to experience of red)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Logical positivists extended this to: Sentences are the unit of meaning. Words get their meaning from how they are used in a sentence. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The king of france\u8221\'94 does not pick out anyone in particular.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quine said this doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t go far enough. It\u8217\'92s individual sentences, its our entire theory of the world that gives words their meaning. Sentences acquire their meaning in context of the entire theory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But what about a simple sentence: that dog is brown? Surely you can evaluate the truth of just that sentence. Quine says no, its not that simple; our experience, except in very rare sentences, called observation sentences, at the periphery of our theory. OUr theory is like an upturned bowl, the edge of the bowl is where our theory of the world interacts with the world. There is an edge where they interact; these are observation sentences which are directly confirmable or deniable. But they are very narrow; stuff like having a certain kind of experience. Having \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91red\u8217\'92 experience.  Observation sentences are confirmed or denied by our sensory experiences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the vast majority of our sentences are not confirmable or deniable in themselves. The closer to the center of the upturned bowl are our most theoretic sentences, like aristotle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laws of thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any non-observation sentence can be held true or rejected on the basis of any experience. Sensory experience isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t directly relevant to a specific claim, it\u8217\'92s relevant to a bunch of claims, any one of which can be altered, tweaked, or rejected to accomodate the sense experience (or otherwise reject the sense experience) e.g. that telescope is faulty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Imri Lakatos}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 E.G. planet P is predicted to move according to newton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laws of motion. It doesn\u8217\'92t. They can then reject the laws of motion and look for einsteinian theory, or claim the calculation was in error, or look for the planet P* which would perturb the motion of planet P. P* is so small that even the biggest telescopes cannot observe it. He gets the funding to build a bigger telescope. He does so. Were it discovered it would be hailed as a new victory of newtonian science. It is not discovered. Does our scientist abandon his idea of the newtonian theory? No. He suggests that a cloud of cosmic dust hides the planet from us.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 According to quine, this is perfectly okay, because you cannot say that some particular sentence is the one that is synthetic and has to be the one that is revised; any sentence can be revised according to experience. Even classical logic; like you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have P and ~P. Quine points out that some discoveries of quantum mechanics appear to threaten the law of non-contradiction, e.g. two slit experiment, schroedinger\u8217\'92s cat. Given this experimental result, we can re-evaluate one of our most central \u8216\'91analytic\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91isolated\u8217\'92 sentences. Everything can be revised.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our entire theory of the world is composed of interconnected statements that we try to impose consistency upon. Our goal is to take sensory inputs and reason about them to produce predictions of future sensory inputs. When evidence is produced that appears to contradict, we make changes that appear to minimize the damage to the theory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Indeterminacy of Translation}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is no such thing as synonymy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quine is a behaviorist (not a skinner). He was a behaviorist about language learning. Chomsky says we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re hard-wired for language. Quine says we are tabula rasa. But - he is a behaviorist about language acquisition. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Word and Object\u8217\'92 -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gavagai - a field linguist has to parachute into a  remote area and contact an undiscovered tribe with an alien language. The field linguist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s job is to visit this tribe and come away with a translation manual that can translate anything that they say into english. This is a good analogy for any language acquisition. On the assumption that we come into the world without language. So, how does he go about learning the language? All he can do for the meanings of the words that he hears is empiricle (pointing at things and looking at the reactions of speakers of the language). The linguist cheats by already knows what gestures are affirmation and denial. So he can test hypotheses about the meanings of words. So a rabbit hops by and one of the natives says \u8216\'91gavagai\u8217\'92. You might think now he knows the word for rabbit. Not so fast. He\u8217\'92s only going to acquire language sentences at a time. Gavagai could be a singleword or an entire sentence. BUt how does he know gavagai means rabbit? Because he\u8217\'92s got one piece of evidence and it is consistent with a whole bunch of possible translations. Rabbit, that\u8217\'92s a rabbit, the name of the rabbit, oh there goes lunch, kid let his pet out, etc. But however many he eliminates, there is still going to be an infinite number of possible meanings, an infinite number of translation manuals which are consistent with the evidence but contradictory with each other. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Which translation manual is the right one?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quine says there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no such thing. We can choose between each of these by pragmatic terms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Indeterminacy of reference}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are some things that we can never eliminate. Such as gavagai could mean undetached rabbit part. Because every time you are pointing at a rabbit, you are pointing at an undetached rabbit part. They are extensionally equivalent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perfect example: there are inconsistent translations of the bible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Indeterminacy of translation happens within a a language.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This brought a storm of criticism upon quine.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>1. Hilary Putnam<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Putnam repeatedly notes the parallel between Wittgenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93meaning is use\u8221\'94 and Quine\u8217\'92s holism/indeterminacy. He argues that both reject the idea of a determinate, inner semantic content and instead locate meaning in practice or theory.}
\par\plain {Putnam\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\i1 Reason, Truth, and History}{ and essays on realism often highlight this convergence.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>2. Donald Davidson<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Davidson is the most important bridge figure.}
\par\plain {He:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{adopts Quine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s indeterminacy thesis,}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{embraces Wittgensteinian themes about interpretation and shared practices,}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{argues that meaning is fixed only by triangulation \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a social practice, not inner mental content.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Davidson explicitly says that Wittgenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rule-following considerations and Quine\u8217\'92s indeterminacy point toward the same anti-scheme, anti-foundationalist picture.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>3. Richard Rorty<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Rorty is the loudest voice saying }{\f0\fs24\b1 Wittgenstein + Quine = same revolution}{.}
\par\plain {He argues:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{both destroy the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93mirror of nature\u8221\'94 picture,}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{both replace representationalism with pragmatic, communal norms,}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{both show that meaning is not a matter of mental representation but of social practice or theory.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Rorty\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\i1 Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature}{ and later essays make this comparison explicit.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>How the Convergence Is Typically Framed<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>A. Anti-essentialism about meaning<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Both deny that meaning is an inner mental entity or a Platonic semantic object.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>B. Holism<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Wittgenstein: meaning depends on the whole language game. Quine: meaning depends on the whole theory.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>C. Rejection of the analytic/synthetic distinction<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Wittgenstein: rules are not fixed by analytic truths but by practice. Quine: no analytic truths; all statements face the tribunal of experience.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>D. No \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93fact of the matter\u8221\'94 about meaning<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Wittgenstein: no fact that determines rule-following. Quine: no fact that determines translation.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>E. Meaning is social<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Wittgenstein: form of life. Quine: behavioral dispositions of a linguistic community.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1 <$Scr_H::2>The Best Single Summary<!$Scr_H::2>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {If you want the most explicit statement of the convergence, Rorty is your person. He says outright that:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Wittgenstein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s language games and Quine\u8217\'92s indeterminacy are two versions of the same anti-representationalist revolution.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs28\b1 <$Scr_H::3>Imre Lakatos<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Lakatos (you have his SEP page open) argues that Quine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93web of belief\u8221\'94 is too undifferentiated. He insists:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Scientific theories have }{\f0\fs24\i1 structured}{ cores and auxiliary hypotheses.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{Not all statements face the tribunal of experience equally.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s methodology is a direct rejection of Quine\u8217\'92s undifferentiated holism.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}