{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri moaned as his sleep-crusted eyes split open and discovered a dark room. He lay quietly, regretting his reinsertion into the causal flow of reality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon had been that good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember any of it, but he remembered it was good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When his eyes adjusted to the dimness, he discovered that he had, somehow, been brought back up to the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ladder room. It was empty, save for him. The tumble of coals were still there, and the Ayramun\u8217\'92s packs were still there, so he hadn\u8217\'92t been left behind. He decided to climb the ladder and see if anyone was lounging around outside. He hoped someone was up there preparing a meal. The passing of the God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon had left him hungry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He climbed up the ladder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rungs and as he moved the soreness in his body worked itself out quickly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That must have been the work of the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He decided to ask Seb about it as soon as he got the chance, but that would be all he would ask\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would have to pretend to remember everything that had happened down in that cave, including walking back himself, because he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to give Seb the impression that he couldn\u8217\'92t handle a single sliver of that beautiful burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pulled himself up onto the cobbled black stone of the tiny desert temple floor. He kept calling it a temple, but there was no altar or kneeling stone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only that hole in the ground and the wooden ladder. There was a scrawl of Old Jandri script circumscribing the inner dome, but Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t read it. He guessed it told of the life of some dead desert father who\u8217\'92d died here and was buried in a crypt somewhere down below. He shuddered at the thought of a life wasted in service to a long dead god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stepped out into the cool air and was surprised to find it was evening. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d slept through the day, and soon, he assumed, they would be moving again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All of the Ayramun were gathered to the right, at the top of the nearest hill. They stood with backs turned, facing west, facing the setting sun. They were a remarkable set of outland pokes, all different sizes, and with Obo included, still strapped in his litter and leaning against Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg, they ranged from the smallest person alive to the largest. Only Seb, at the end of the line, turned and regarded Mandri\u8217\'92s presence. This he did with a smirk and a wink, and Mandri felt compelled to return the courtesy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scrambled up the hill to join him, and as soon as he arrived all schemes of stealing Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons fled from thought, for it was not the setting sun which stretched out above the horizon, but a heavy black cloud as dark as the oncoming night. And it was more than a cloud. It was the Lord of clouds for it stretched out across the world and churned it over. It could have been mistaken for a rampaging herd of mountains, if such a thing were possible. And though it was dark, Mandri was struck by its color, for its upper reaches pierced the shadow of the world's edge to catch the fleeing light day\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at the top, a tip of gold, shading into red, oozing into pink, then a wall of reddish-black cloud all the way to the desert floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sense of magnificence was helped along by little westwind zephyrs tickling Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin. So far as he could tell, this storm was coming straight for them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothin\u8217\'92 holy about it,\u8221\'94 Seb croaked. He was standing next to Mandri, arms crossed, and for once he wasn\u8217\'92t chewing a spine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it hung there on his lip, forgotten. \u8220\'93Big \u8216\'91ol bastard, ain\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This storm was much bigger than that. It was an Ugmukheen, a child of Mukh, inheritor of His wrath. To Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knowledge, the Sand hadn\u8217\'92t seen a storm anywhere near this size for at least three hundred years, for that\u8217\'92s when Muk had perished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo was as taken by the sight of the storm as everyone else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is unnatural,\u8221\'94 he said in wonder. This was the most honest emotion Obo had uttered since Mandri knew him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course it\u8217\'92s natural,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Everything that happens is natural.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s coming from an impossible direction,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto peaked around Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s figure so that he could sneer at the Mazid as he said, \u8220\'93What would you know about the Ugmukheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo countered by saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve read every book and scroll that counts the weather in this part of the world, and every Ugmukheen for the past thousand years was born abreast the Gongee Sea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When the high Gongee winds stop blowing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s like taking the lid off a pot of steaming water. That\u8217\'92s how they\u8217\'92re made. And the Gongee Sea is four days to the south, not west. That\u8217\'92s not to mention that an Ugmukheen does not look like }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Clearly, they do look like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever been caught in a Ugmukheen?\u8221\'94 Obo asked him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Have you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93A true Ugmukheen is a thing you don\u8217\'92t see coming. The first you know of it is when your own dust overtakes you. You can survive an Ugmukheen. You can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  survive a thing like }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 He pointed to the distant storm with his iron spear and said, \u8220\'93A storm like that would flay the toughest hide. That\u8217\'92s no Ugmukheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet, who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been brooding under her hood, said, \u8220\'93This must be Pell. Her and no one else. Every god who could have brought such a storm upon the world is long dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t walk the Sand with that monster runnin\u8217\'92 us down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet nodded and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We stay in the hole. And we pray to all that is holy that these hills don\u8217\'92t eat us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what about the Hrks,\u8221\'94 Moto whined. \u8220\'93If we don\u8217\'92t keep moving, the Hrks will catch us long before we reach Bullr.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s got to be another way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We could try for the Kari plain,\u8221\'94 said Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shook his head and stroked his beard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not the Kari.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could try the Goree Pass,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Goree Pass\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ayram repeated as his fingers twirled his beard tips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Goree will never work,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because the Goree Pass is cursed. It\u8217\'92s as cursed as that damned storm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not cursed enough for the Greskalun to live there,\u8221\'94 Seb replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But its not just the curse. Those damned Rigas will be at the Goree Pass long before we get there.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this storm curves north once it passes, then it\u8217\'92ll get in their way and give us room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what if it doesn\u8217\'92t curve north?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram answered for Seb and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I\u8217\'92ll have to think of something else. But I like the Goree Pass. Greskal could help us. The man hates Hrk as much as anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every time Ayram pulled at his beard and twirled out a tuft of hair, the hair sprang right back into that smooth, bread-loaf shape. Mandri grew a little jealous, because he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always wanted a nice full beard but his chin wasn\u8217\'92t up to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what we\u8217\'92re doing,\u8221\'94 Ayram finally declared. \u8220\'93We wait out the storm, then head for the Goree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, he picked Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s litter up, then turned and side-step shuffled back down the hill. Moto stamped after him to fret about this change of plans. Of the rest of the Ayramun, Moteah seemed most unaffected. She was standing on a black rock which put her up a foot higher than the rest. She had a long reedy stick which she\u8217\'92d brought with her from the western plain below, and with it she drew little abstract faces, and then she\u8217\'92d watch the wind brush them away grain by grain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was watching the storm looking pleased with himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Mandri said suggestively, \u8220\'93We suddenly find ourselves in possession of some recreational time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb patted his pocket and what-do-you-know, he nodded and wandered back down the hill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t follow too quickly as he\u8217\'92d arouse too much suspicion. Someone would ask why he wanted to waste the day with Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d waited long enough he said, \u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92ll just, uh\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92ll go find something to eat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He scrambled down the hill to go find Seb and burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unfortunately, Moto found him first. The man was climbing up the temple ladder just as Mandri was about to climb down, and when Moto was up and out he blocked Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s way with his sword\u8217\'92s scabbard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you going?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To find a snack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No free food until you show me you can earn your keep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In his other hand was a Hrkan short sword in a tawny scabbard that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d salvaged from the battle of Minting Rock. He extended this out towards Mandri, hilt first, clearly expecting Mandri to take it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t imagine what you\u8217\'92d want me to do with this,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Need me to dig out a big splinter or something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was not amused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember our conversation?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, biting his tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was going easy on you then. Now that you\u8217\'92re out here with us, I\u8217\'92ll be harder. Take the goddamned sword.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hesitated, but the man was serious, so he grabbed the sword and followed Moto back outside. The burgeons would have to wait.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo was outside as well, propped against the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall. When Moto noticed him, he said, \u8220\'93You could learn something too and pass it on to your Hrkan Lords. Their Skulsi are shitty fighters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I heard how you and Ayram cut them down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re brave, I\u8217\'92ll give them that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too brave,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d rather they were cowards?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo looked so strange, swaddled up like he was, like an overgrown baby, nine months old with the face of an ageless eunuch. Stranger still to see him adopt the air of a lecturer and say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the Hrkan art of war, there\u8217\'92s no such thing as cowardice. There\u8217\'92s no such thing as bravery, either, for bravery and cowardice are both symptoms of unpreparedness. There is only preparedness, and unpreparedness. If a soldier is ever called on to be brave or a coward, then his commander has failed him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of all the shadows from Shis,\u8221\'94 Moto muttered. \u8220\'93What are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo continued on, as if reciting some long-remembered scriptural writ, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 Either the fighting man is fully prepared for what he faces and he is victorious, or his commander has failed and he must kill himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto ambled several paces away and he drew his gold-trimmed sword with a flourish. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can be as prepared as you can possibly be, but still face bad odds. That\u8217\'92s what calls for bravery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If a commander\u8217\'92s soldiers face unbalanced odds, then the commander has failed in his maneuvers and his men have arrived to battle unprepared. Such a commander should kill himself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these are not my words, they are Lord Kashkan\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, lesson number one, Mandri\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t ever listen to a Hrk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I already don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lesson number two\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 always run away from a fight if you can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dropped his sword in the dirt. Obo caught on and declared, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a prodigy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I first ask why we\u8217\'92re doing this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do whatever I can to help you guys out, but me swinging a sword isn\u8217\'92t it. I\u8217\'92m more likely to hurt myself than a Hrk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re doing simple stuff here, Mandri, believe me, I know you can\u8217\'92t handle too much, so I\u8217\'92m giving you what you can handle. So answer my question. Or should we I go find another lizard pit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, I\u8217\'92ll play,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he picked up his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now answer my question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I forgot what it was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo chuckled, and Moto clicked his teeth in annoyance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re in a fight, what are you trying to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be more specific.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Run away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, fine, running away is good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, this is ridiculous\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what are we doing here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was almost at his wits end already. When he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d first drawn his sword, his shoulders were eager, now they were struggling to care. But his mouth was still going.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the event that you can\u8217\'92t run away, what is another }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 specific }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 goal you can set out for yourself?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill my enemy before he kills me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 //}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you live long enough you may learn something about the art of killing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing artful about killing,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen enough to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t judge the entire art of painting from a child\u8217\'92s scribblings, would you? You\u8217\'92ve only ever seen a child\u8217\'92s scribblings.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think you\u8217\'92re an artist?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto replied. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All artists are trying to get at the human heart, I simply take the most direct approach. The only difference is that the best artist is a matter of opinion, but the best swordsman\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s a matter of fact.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was too full of himself, so Mandri decided to prick his skin and ask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who is the best swordsman? You?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I might be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who would win in a fight, you or Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The answer was obvious, but Moto was taking a little too long to answer. He rubbed his head in frustration, as if the question was one of those utterances that made semantic sense but signified nothing, a stumbling block for would-be philosophers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That depends on too many things,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s not enough context.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The context is you versus Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto eyed his blade and his face went through such a series of contortions that he could have charged money to see the act. Somewhere in there was the suggestion that it was offensive to even ask the question. He went through a few different shades of disappointment as well, like he was upset with himself for letting things stray too far away from the lesson at hand, and upset at Mandri for even existing. In the end, frustration won out and he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what? We\u8217\'92re done here. If you don\u8217\'92t want help staying alive,  you won\u8217\'92t get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stomped past and fled into the temple. Before his head disappeared down the ladder, he paused and said bitterly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep the sword.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri and Obo shared impish smiles, though Obo was a little more practical. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should probably head down as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The storm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sheathed his sword and tucked in into his waistband. He then hauled Obo into the temple and down the ladder. Once down, he wandered off to find Seb, but the idiot had gone to sleep. Instead of enjoying a mind-splitting burgeon, Mandri waited in boredom with the rest of the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It did not take long for the storm to overtake them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 First came its shadow as the storm blocked out the rising sun, leaving the air outside suffused with a dim orange glow. Then came the soothing sound of wind-whipped sand splashing against the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bricks above. Every now and then a gust of wind would blow into the temple entrance and swirl around inside, and if this wind was strong enough, it blew through the hole in floor, turning the ladder room and the tunnel beyond into a sort of flute\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the faint whimpering whine sounded startlingly similar to the birthing fits of the brown mutts back in Meskalim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As the wind intensified, this whine steadied into a droll hum, a sound so annoying that all the Ayramun retreated deep into the tunnel behind the ladder. Only Mandrameen and Obo stayed in the ladder room. Obo was there because no one could be bothered to pick him up and move him. Mandri stayed because he was mesmerized by the sight and sound of the storm outside. Being near to a monstrous, blossoming power was intoxicating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, I can kind of see why they want to free Solraheen,\u8221\'94 he said as the air outside grew dark. \u8220\'93If He could make this storm, then just imagine the kind of power He has.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen didn\u8217\'92t make this storm,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93As I\u8217\'92m sure you are aware, He is incapacitated at the moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He might not have made this particular storm, but He made\u8230\'85you know\u8230\'85He made the structure for it. He made the world that made it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How profound,\u8221\'94 said Obo, sarcastically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not profound to say He\u8217\'92s the only true creator. A painter moves paint around, but that\u8217\'92s not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  creation. Solraheen, he created the wind, he created the Sand from nothing. That kind of creativity is the only thing that makes life worth living.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was feeling philosophical, and he settled into a cozy mood. All that was missing was some burgeon beer to complete it. A nice freeweed wrap would do as well, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t usually go in for those. The warm dimness and the humbling immensity of the storm outside was working wonders on his stress. Satisfying, too, was the knowledge that he didn\u8217\'92t have to do damned thing, at least not for a good long while.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He asked Obo, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have any beliefs? Does a Mazid believe anything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eh, nevermind. Forget I asked. I\u8217\'92m just happy you\u8217\'92re here with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m touched,\u8221\'94 said Obo, delighted. \u8220\'93And I should say the same. Without you it\u8217\'92d just be me amongst these Ayramun, and that would be horrific.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you thought at all about how to escape?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to escape.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve thought about it, and where would I go? Back to Hrk? Never. These people, rough as they are, they\u8217\'92re my only chance at freedom. Do you know any other witches with knowledge of the Spark? I haven\u8217\'92t been alive long, but I\u8217\'92ve been looking for someone like Elrahet my whole life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, how old are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am seven years old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seven!? Damn. I thought you were going to say like five-hundred. But really, seven? I bet it\u8217\'92s been a shitty seven years, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It has.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you know what, Obo? If you stay, I\u8217\'92ll stay. Sol knows I\u8217\'92ve got nowhere else to be. You know, you deserve a Spark more than I do. I\u8217\'92d give you mine if I could, but I can\u8217\'92t exactly help you with that. You have my moral support.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The two of them sat in contemplated silence for half a hand, when Obo ruined it by saying, half in jest but entirely serious,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this what friendship feels like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo,\u8221\'94 Mandri sighed. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t say something like that out loud. You just feel it. Dwell in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I haven\u8217\'92t done this before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can tell. Now stop talking about it. When you talk about it, you make it boring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not boring to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, when people start talking about their emotions and stuff, I have this physical reaction to it, and it\u8217\'92s annoying, so stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My legs get hot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your legs get hot?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s what I said. Now shut up about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri got up and fashioned some pillows out of what packs had been left in the room. He gave a quick look for Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack, because a drop of God\u8217\'92s Eye would significantly improve the moment, but of course Seb had expected this and brought his pack along with him. Mandri was forced, against his will, to lay there sober and watch the hole in the ceiling as the storm\u8217\'92s rage continued to build.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hand after hand passed like this, and all the while the winds outside were rising. His thoughts turned to children\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stories, the ones that warned about the Ugmukheen. They came with instructions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hide the women, for as it passes it may fill their wombs. Beware the cough that can kill as vast quantities of sand are unavoidably inhaled. Have water, for it will strip the air of moisture, and its heat will sear the lungs. Mandri felt all these things coming on, except of course, the pregnancy. But the one thing he hadn\u8217\'92t seen was the snap and crack of lightning leaping from every surface. The stories were clear on that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the air should come alive with little lightnings. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Soon, the heat increased until the air was as hot as an oven. Mandri moved to flap his arms to air out his sweaty pits, and the motion conjured up a shocking spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped in surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your hair looks ridiculous,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reached up and half the hairs on his head were standing on end. His excitement at this electric thrill was tempered by the sound of rock sliding atop rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was coming from the temple above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The wind is lifting the dome,\u8221\'94 said Obo, with a hint of worry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should we be in here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would say that we should be fine, but, you never know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri repositioned his makeshift cot as far away from the hole as room allowed, shocking himself several times as he did. Before he was finished, an especially loud howl of wind kicked a gout of sizzling sand into the temple above, and it was followed by a splitting shock of thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CRACKABOOOM}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All Mandri saw was a flash of white light and then, suddenly, blackness. The temple above had caved in on itself, and the circle in the ceiling disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri  shuffled back against the wall for he could hear a torrent of Sand pouring down into the room, and soon he felt it licking at his ankles. His great fear of being buried alive was short-lived, for soon the hole above was plugged by a glut of bricks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well...that\u8217\'92s not good,\u8221\'94 he said as one last wisp of sand puffed down\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sad, dying breath of another Old Jandri relic. }}