{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A chapter where gugi lures Mandri with burgeons to meet Pell. Intoxicates mandri - switch POV to Gugi where he meets with Pell. They do something to Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi - why him?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell - get over yourself. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re a simpleton. The divine plan which the world. YOU????}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the gods created man he let death be his lot, eternal life. SHould have bed a wench and snotlings and then you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be set.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , distant vapors directly above a purplish periwinkle, and nearer to the horizon, the pastel blue of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was paralyzingly beautiful would have stopped to appreciate it. Instead, he kept on marching and occupied his mind with the problem of h}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could you possibly know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, at some point, you\u8217\'92re going to come to appreciate my perspicacity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perspicacity?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a big word, isn\u8217\'92t it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, right now, there\u8217\'92s nothing about you that I appreciate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not my fault that I can\u8217\'92t walk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but you\u8217\'92ve got this nagging way about you. If you\u8217\'92re gonna talk, you could at least give some, I don\u8217\'92t know, some encouragement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did say that we\u8217\'92re almost there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had never seen a burgeon look quite as large, or as juicy, as God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye. And he could write a treatise on burgeons and burgeon bushes. He knew that some things are called burgeons that really aren\u8217\'92t, and so he wondered if these God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons were burgeons at all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The most valiant warrior is the the tax gatherer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fish shit gets lost in the water.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Offal - innards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This isnt offal. Offal is a prepared meal. This is just raw intestines.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Almost everybody thinks that what they do is the most important thing in the world. The librarian thinks they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re guarding knowledge. A book on the shelf is The last stand against darkness. The comedian. The king thinks that if he did not exist, society would crumble. The leisure thinks that if they don\u8217\'92t enjoy life, then no one is. }}