{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri awoke from the crust of sleep to discover that he was, somehow, back in little temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ladder room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lamented this reinsertion into life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s causal flow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The god-eye burgeon had been that good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember anything of the trip, but he knew that it had been fantastic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sat up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A tumble of burned-out twigs sat in the middle of the room, and the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s packs were all still there against the cavern wall, so he hadn\u8217\'92t been left behind. He decided to climb the ladder and see if anyone was lounging around outside. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stood up. Somehow, his great soreness was gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That must have been the work of the God Eye, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He decided to ask Seb about it as soon as he got the chance. That would be all he would ask, because he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to give her the impression that he couldn\u8217\'92t handle a single sliver of that beautiful burgeon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He climbed up into the the little desert temple. He kept calling it a temple, but there was no altar or kneeling stone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only that hole in the ground and the strange tunnel complex below. There was a scrawl of Old Jandri script circumscribing the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inner dome, but he couldn\u8217\'92t read it. He guessed it told of the life of some dead pilgrim who\u8217\'92d died here and was buried in a crypt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stepped out into the cool evening air, happy to find that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d successfully slept through the day. With the heat of the sun disappearing in the west, he assumed they would be moving again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun were all gathered at the top of the nearest dune hill. They stood with backs turned, facing the setting sun, a remarkable set of outland pokes, all different sizes. Only Seb, at the end of the line, turned and regarded Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence. This she did with a smirk and a wink. Mandri felt compelled to return the courtesy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He scrambled up the hill to join her. He thought about how best to ask for another slip of burgeon, but as soon as he arrived at the top of that dune hill, his mind was wiped by the sight of the Lord of clouds stretching out across the world, churning it over. That could was so massive it could have been mistaken for a rampaging herd of mountains, if such a thing were possible. Most incredible was its color, for its upper reaches pierced the shadow of the world's edge to catch the fleeing light of day\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at the top, a rim-lit tip of gold, blurring into pink, oozing into red, while the cloud\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body was a dusty wall of reddish-black stretching all the way down to the desert floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The feeling of its magnificence was helped along by little eastward zephyrs tickling his skin. So far as he could tell, that behemoth of a storm was lumbering straight towards them. The sense of doom was sublime.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Big \u8216\'91ol bastard,\u8221\'94 Seb mumbled, and she spat a chewed up spine into the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is unnatural,\u8221\'94 Mandri said in worried wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never heard of no Ugmukheen?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93That storm there is the son of Mukh. Inherits His wrath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted then declared, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s no Ugmukheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatchu know \u8216\'91bout it?\u8221\'94 Seb asked skeptically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I already said. That storm is running east. Everyone knows Mukh sends the Ugmukheen north because He hates the cold up there and wants to kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone knows it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because you\u8217\'92re an idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone knows how an Ugmukh gets made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted again. The man had a habit of it. Sounded a bit like a rutting boar. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When Mukh\u8217\'92s breath stops blowing over the Gongee sea, it\u8217\'92s like taking the lid off a steaming pot. That\u8217\'92s what an Ugmukh is. And the Gongee sea is four days to the south, not to the west. Besides, Mukh has been dead over three hundred years. That\u8217\'92s not to mention how an Ugmukheen never looked like }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bullshit,\u8221\'94 Seb said as she popped another spine into her mouth. \u8220\'93How anyone know what the Ugmukhs look like, if there ain\u8217\'92t been one for a hundred year?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  know what they look like?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cuz there it is!\u8221\'94 she shouted, pointing at the storm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled, but even this could not quell Seb\u8217\'92s unruly mood. She mumbled insults under her breath while everyone else humbled themselves before the sight of that storm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know an Ugmukh when I see one,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto sneered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You couldn\u8217\'92t pick your own shit from a bird\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s not an Ugmukh, then what is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An\u8217\'92 how ya know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted, this time in confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Elrahet who picked up the thread. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s no Ugmukh,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93An Ugmukh breaches from the sea as a mist of sand, not a wall. One can\u8217\'92t see him coming. If he comes from behind, your own dust blows past your ankles before you realize you\u8217\'92re caught.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb huffed disagreement, and that caused Elrahet to scowl. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not even Mukh Himself could have made a thing as }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She jabbed her wooden stick towards the tempest and added, \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  know what I see when I see it. I watched a storm as that that flay the Slaveback mountains. It was no Ugmukheen.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Brooding Elrahet pulled her shawl tight. \u8220\'93All the gods who could bring such a storm upon the world are long dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This could be good news,\u8221\'94 Moteah said half-heartedly. \u8220\'93The Hrks can\u8217\'92t catch if is that storm is on our heels.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scowl deepened. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no outrunning it. We must stay put. Here is our only shelter. We stay, and we pray to all that is holy that these hills don\u8217\'92t swallow us afore the Burshageet gets its chance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There has to be another way,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93I vote we keep moving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could try south,\u8221\'94 Seb offered. \u8220\'93Down to the Kari plain. Get outta the beast\u8217\'92s way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We won\u8217\'92t have time. We stay here until it passes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about the Hrks?\u8221\'94 Moto cautioned. \u8220\'93If we don\u8217\'92t keep moving, they\u8217\'92ll catch us long before we ever catch sight of Bullr.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could try straight for the Goree,\u8221\'94 Seb suggested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled as his fingers tightened on his spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the only way. South, or straight east to the Goree. We }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 have}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to move.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram leaned motionless on his certainty as both Seb and Moto worked hard to change his mind. It seemed Ayram believed, according to his ornery glare, that nothing but a white light descending from on high could make him listen to what anyone had to say. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even listen to himself, because did eventually get pulled into an argument. At first, he claimed that their only concern was avoiding the Ugmukheen, and when Moto found a clever way to spin that into an argument for fleeing, he changed tack and claimed it was best if they got caught up in the storm because it would put off the Hrkan pursuit for a time. There were other, subtler contradictions in his reasoning, but no one pointed any of them out because, despite it all, there was a clear and consistent message here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram was going to do what Ayram wanted to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wondered why a man so big ever bothered talking. He could simply act, and everyone else would have to follow along. And like any great leader, Ayram had that instinctual hatred for the fact that other people wanted to do things differently. And like any great politician, his words were flexible in service of being inflexible\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yes, his argument might bend back on itself, even contradict, but underneath there was a will of solid granite. He was as willfull as a Hrkan Lord, only, less refined; a brute. The Lords and their Voices would inflict their laws upon the world, and they felt justified in doing so because the gods were dead. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s justification was that he was biggest, and that would have been true regardless of whether or not Sol\u8217\'92s Spark still rode upon the morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By the end of his lecture he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d calmed himself down enough to formulate the bones of a reasonable plan. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re staying put,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93After the storm passes, we\u8217\'92ll have two options. If the storm pulls south or heads straight east, we sprint like the dinner bell\u8217\'92s rung and head straight for Bullr. Have to hope the Hrks can\u8217\'92t catch us. But if luck is on our side, and the storm pulls north, then we make straight for the Goree Pass. With the Storm delaying the Hrks in the north, we\u8217\'92ll have plenty of time. All we need to do is make it to the pass. The Greskalun will be there, and they can handle the Hrks. Old Greskal hates Hrk as much as anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram eyed each of his people one by one to make sure he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d won their assent. With all that in hand, he turned and side-step shuffled back down the hill. Moto stamped after him, hoping to secure himself in Ayram\u8217\'92s eyes. Of the rest of the Ayramun, Moteah seemed the most unaffected. She was crouching atop a black rock, arm binding her knees, chin tucked into her elbow, drawing little abstract faces in the sand with a stick. She\u8217\'92d draw them, then watch the wind brush them away, grain by grain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was watching the storm, looking mightily pleased. She patted her pocket, and to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s delight, she nodded and wandered back down the hill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to follow too quickly as he might arouse suspicion. Moteah would probably ask why he wanted to waste the day with Seb, of all people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, he counted to ten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He decided he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d better count to one hundred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he got to fifty, he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92ll, uh\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92ll go settle in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He scrambled down the hill to find Seb and her burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto found him first. The man was climbing back up the temple ladder just as Mandri was about to climb down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is for you,\u8221\'94 Moto said after he\u8217\'92d climbed all the way out. In his hand was a Hrkan short sword stuck in a tawny scabbard that had been salvaged from the battle of Minting Rock. Moto extended this out towards Mandri, hilt first, clearly expecting Mandri to take it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t imagine what you want me to do with that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was not amused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember what I said to you? Near the drag-belly den?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, biting his tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was going easy on you then,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93Now I\u8217\'92m going to be difficult. Take the sword.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hesitated, but as Moto was serious he grabbed the sword. Moto then dragged him by the collar outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you two doing?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked, heading for the temple interior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto tossed Mandri aside. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to walk the Sand with a useless Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood darkened. \u8220\'93He is my responsibility,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m only going to toughen him up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto drew his gold studded sword with a flourish. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri cringed against the sight of it.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shouldn\u8217\'92t you be focusing on toughening her up, instead of me?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s the Minder. She\u8217\'92s the one that doesn\u8217\'92t work. I\u8217\'92m only a Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto switched his sword to his left hand and exhibited his off-hand skill with a dexterous swish-flick and slice. He was quite adept at slaying air. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suspect my sister\u8217\'92s difficulties stem from the fact that you are a gutless lump of fluff. If you were sharp, strong, like the other Mazidai I\u8217\'92ve seen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 willing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she\u8217\'92d get a better handle of you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah grunted, then posted herself against the temple wall to watch, clearly unconvinced that this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t some elaborate attempt to anger her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Draw your sword,\u8221\'94 Moto said grandly, centering his attention on Mandri. \u8220\'93We will fight. We will solve problems, together. You see, a fight is a crucible. You will find things inside yourself, and inside others, things which you did not know were there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m fairly certain I already know what a person\u8217\'92s guts look like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I speak of bravery,\u8221\'94 Moto sneered. \u8220\'93Bravery, cowardice, and many other things which no poet has yet made the words for. Now draw your sword.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri drew his sword. It was a crude iron device, and its heft felt awkward in his hand. It felt more like a cleaver than something to stab with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, the Hrks would have you believe that there is no such thing as bravery or cowardice. What is it they say? They say, \u8216\'91Bravery and cowardice are symptoms of unpreparedness.\u8217\'92 \u8217\'92\u8221\'94 His face was alight, as if he\u8217\'92d just stumbled into some nostalgic dream. \u8220\'93They say, \u8216\'91In war there is only preparedness, and unpreparedness. If a Vessel is ever called on to be brave, then his commander has failed in preparing him.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of all the shadows in Shis,\u8221\'94 Moteah muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto continued on, sternly, as if reciting sacred scripture, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Either the Vessel is fully prepared for what he faces and is victorious, or his commander has failed. If a Vessel faces unbalanced odds, then the commander has failed in his maneuvers. All failure is a symptom of unpreparedness. A commander who fails, should kill himself.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 Moto came back down to reality, and added, \u8220\'93These are not my words, they are Lord Kashkan\u8217\'92s. Long dead. You might say he was unprepared.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He strode several paces away. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The truth is that you can be as prepared as you can possibly be for a fight, but still face bad odds.\u8221\'94 He flicked the air with his blade. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what calls for bravery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He swish-flicked his sword again, slicing through Lord Kashkan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s guidance. \u8220\'93Lesson number one. Don\u8217\'92t ever listen to a Hrk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I already don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Mandri replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lesson number two\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the line between bravery and foolishness is a thin one. Always run away from a fight if you can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri promptly dropped his sword in the dirt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a prodigy,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, chuckling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was not amused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pick it back up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri hesitated, Moto looked to his sister. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make him pick up the sword.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 Mandri said before Moteah could get involved. \u8220\'93But don\u8217\'92t expect me to swing this thing with any kind of confidence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He picked up the sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 said Moto, crouching into a practiced stance, sword held before him. \u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re in a fight, what are you going to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be more specific.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Run away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the event where you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 must }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 fight, what will you do?}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Be specific. Identify the problem.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How can I be specific when I don\u8217\'92t know who, or what, I\u8217\'92m fighting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are fighting me,\u8221\'94 Moto said, annoyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri eyed his own sword. The pink-red wash of setting sun played on its dark surface, making it seem like the iron was transmuting into bronze. It was the same hot color as the sand-scratched rocks that lay scattered about. The sword\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was so rough that it might as well have been pulled from amongst them. Whoever hammered it didn\u8217\'92t much care for aesthetics. It was hardly more than a length of grief. The thing wasn\u8217\'92t even straight. Little semi-fused globules of metal polluted the sheen. Unsophisticated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t the whole purpose of a Mazid to avoid these things?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Devise a plan of attack,\u8221\'94 Moto said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will stab you before you stab me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto grimaced and lowered his guard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be specific. Where will you stab me? Where, and why there, and how?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m open to suggestions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stab him in the stomach,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93While he\u8217\'92s preaching. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted, then settled back into his stance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said you were a painter, yes? When you paint a picture, what is the first thing you do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I usually start by licking a burgeon or two.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eager shoulders were growing more sullen with each exchange.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After that? You tackle the problem of the image, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t see how that has anything to do with killing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I speak of killing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All artists aim for the heart, Mandri. A man with a sword simply takes the most direct approach. The artist, the warrior, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  men, we are all fundamentally the same\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we are problem solvers. The only real difference between a swordsman and a poet is that the best poet is a matter of opinion. The best sword, that is a matter of fact.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto swished his sword with another special flourish, as if his skill was akin to penmanship. Perhaps it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who is the best swordsman?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93Is it you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would accept the accusation, if it were given.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, who would win in a fight, you or Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The answer to that question was obvious, but instead of conceding, Moto furrowed his brow and shook his head like the question was one of those utterances that obeyed all semantic rules but was actually incomprehensible\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a stumbling block for philosophers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If circumstances were so and so\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he said, sword tip swirling around the hypothetical. \u8220\'93You have to consider the circumstances. Ayram might win, but if circumstances were otherwise, it would be me. You have to understand that fights between skilled combatants are difficult to predict. The outcome depends on too many things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your question lacks context,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, playing on her brother\u8217\'92s insecurities by supporting him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto spared a sore smile for his sister. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Your question is not real. It is speculation. Speculation is wasteful. Only }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 real }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 problems are worth considering. Like so.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He raised his sword high above his head and suddenly leaped towards Mandri. With a shoulder-churning swing he brought the blade down towards Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unwary head. It was such an exaggerated motion that Mandri actually had time to react\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he raised his own sword up in defense. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The blades met, clanged, then rebounded. A painful shock quirked Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm down to the elbow, and next thing he knew, his sword was sticking in the sand by his feet. Meanwhile, the sharp point of Moto\u8217\'92s sword was only a kiss away from his cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deflect the blow,\u8221\'94 Moteah instructed as she stepped forward and struck Moto\u8217\'92s blade aside with a stick. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t block it like you\u8217\'92re made of wood. You move it away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before she could demonstrate the movement, Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword swept up and knocked the stick out of her hand. \u8220\'93Our Mazid does not need help,\u8221\'94 he said, upset with the interruption. \u8220\'93Helping him only hurts him. Self-reliance is what he needs, and the only way for him to find that is to discover it on his own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah drew. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d clearly heard all this before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto gritted his teeth and snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She doesn\u8217\'92t understand,\u8221\'94 he said plainly to Mandri. \u8220\'93If you want to command a dog to sit, the dog has to have a reason to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to sit. Otherwise, it will stand there, and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll look at you like you\u8217\'92re looking at me, right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel like he was looking at anyone in any particular way, so he didn\u8217\'92t quite understand what Moto was getting at.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know how to fix that look,\u8221\'94 Moto said. It seemed he was speaking now to himself, or maybe it was the dead gods who sparkled in the oncoming night\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 perhaps someone up there was worthy of his attention. \u8220\'93It all comes down to solving problems.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah groaned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri\u8217\'92s problem is that he doesn\u8217\'92t have a Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong!\u8221\'94 Moto barked.  \u8220\'93He still has uglies, yes? He\u8217\'92s a Mazid, sure, but he\u8217\'92s also a man. And no man can live by relying on others to solve his problems for him, or he\u8217\'92ll turn into this.\u8221\'94 He gestured rudely at all of Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah soured. It was like her tongue had unexpectedly brushed against a bone hiding in a mouthful of groat. She quickly spat it out and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I agree that he has to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to help us. The problem is, he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want anything, and he won\u8217\'92t ever want anything because he\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Sparkless}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Do you not understand what that means?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you!?\u8221\'94 Moto cried, getting excited. \u8220\'93Did you not see what just happened?!\u8221\'94 He leaned forward, almost like he\u8217\'92d just tripped over his own words because he\u8217\'92d glimpsed a route out of this argument and was hurrying to get through it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy raised his sword in his own defense! He obviously has wants. He }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 wants}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to defend himself. That is the purest expression of a want that I can imagine. Two days ago he was content to let a demon have its way with him, now look at him.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was unmoved. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He didn\u8217\'92t raise his sword to protect himself. He raised it because I made him raise it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow jumped in surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s did too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither do I,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both siblings looked at him as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just insulted the memory of their tribe. Moto was the first to recover himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see!?\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93The boy has wants. He wants to be heard. He wouldn\u8217\'92t have spoken otherwise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not helping.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sympathized with Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great frustration. Somewhere in the man\u8217\'92s tight-lipped frown was the suggestion that it was a scandalous thing for his sister to trouble him. This was all intensified by the way he fingered the edge of his blade with his naked hand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he seemed about ready to slice his own palm open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 Moto blurted out as he swept his hand away and sheathed his blade. \u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t want help, you won\u8217\'92t get it. Not from me. Only, remember that Ayram can find another Mazid. I can\u8217\'92t find another sister. You understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His sister was still unmoved. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I appreciate the thought,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto did not return the courtesy. He brushed past her and sped into the temple. Before his head disappeared down the temple ladder, he paused and said bitterly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep the sword.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri bent down and picked up the sword. He held the fat blade up against the darkening sky and studied it closely. It seemed as if the metal had taken on a new sheen now that it symbolized something of Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s failure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He asked Moteah, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t make me raise this thing to block Moto\u8217\'92s blow, did you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 she said quickly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t think so. But I must say, I didn\u8217\'92t think would lie like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone lies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you ever wonder why they made you my Minder?\u8221\'94 His question was met with indifference, but he carried on because he clearly had her attention. \u8220\'93I ask because, it\u8217\'92s not at all obvious why Ayram and Elrahet would make someone other than themselves a Minder. Because let\u8217\'92s say you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 could}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  summon my Mazidfire, that would make you more powerful than either of them, wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t it? You could bully them around.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Moteah could dwell too long on the implications, he pressed on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean, why choose you?\u8221\'94 he asked, spicing his words with suspicion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was chosen because I volunteered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was no one else willing to lose their hand? I mean, think about it like this: what\u8217\'92s going to happen to you if you can\u8217\'92t control me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not going to happen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, I\u8217\'92m on your side. If someone }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 must}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be my Minder, I would prefer it would be you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah broke into a dismissive laugh as she shook her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m serious,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you are. You think I\u8217\'92m weak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, yes, but that\u8217\'92s a compliment. Weak people are my kind of people. Weakness is a virtue.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Strength is a virtue.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, strength is, how should I say this\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92ve been having trouble articulating myself lately.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know what strength is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Strength is the ability to take something from someone. Actually, that\u8217\'92s not quite right. Strength is the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 willingness}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to take something from someone. Because you could have all the strength in the world, but if you aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t willing to use it then you\u8217\'92re as weak as me. Think about it, are you not at all curious why they trusted you with the power to control me? Remember, we\u8217\'92re talking about Ayram. And Elrahet. Elrahet especially. From what little I\u8217\'92ve seen of her\u8230\'85she has an uncanny presence. She is no ordinary witch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed, and she held Mandri in her gaze. He could feel her questing mind turn him over as readily as he could feel her fingers wrapped around his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you look away?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s uncomfortable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Look at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to see if you\u8217\'92re weak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped closer, and Mandri drew back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have this physical reaction to women staring at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My legs get hot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How does that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They start sweating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look a woman in the eyes and your legs start sweating?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not just women. People. You\u8217\'92re all\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 His words trailed off because he was about to say something extremely offensive and he knew that wouldn\u8217\'92t end well for him. \u8220\'93You all have this\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He stalled again as he wasn\u8217\'92t accustomed to censoring himself once he\u8217\'92d begun to speak. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 he finally said. \u8220\'93Everyone has this effect on me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah studied Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s slouching self and some grand realization dawned in her bright eyes. She exhaled a satisfied humph, to which she added, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a coward.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, she turned and disappeared into the temple, which was very unfair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When one offers a critique, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s good manners to listen patiently to any fatuous excuses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not that Mandri would have gone in that direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was proud to be a coward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Moto just tell him that the best thing to do in a fight was to run away? And that meant of course that even in the domain of battle, a domain in which he had no experience, his instincts we\u8217\'92re correct. This was another vindication of his genius. He was always correct. More or less. More more, than less.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gave his new sword another long look, considered dropping it, but his instincts decided against it. So, he sheathed the unwieldy metal slab in his waistband, and he stepped into the temple after his Minder. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There he remembered Seb and her burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The thought of another god-eye burgeon put a little pep in his step. He hustled down the temple ladder, hoping to share an impish grin with that old poke. But when he reached the bottom, he found her asleep. So, instead of improving his mood with a mind-splitting burgeon, he sat against the wall and waited in boredom for the storm to break over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After a hand or two, it came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 First came a deep orange brilliance, for the setting sun filtered through the cloud of sand outside to leave the air suffused with an orange glow. From where Mandri sat it seemed like a fire burned above the ladder-hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not long after that came the soothing sound of wind-whipped sand splashing against the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bricks. Every now and then a gust of wind would blow into the temple entrance and swirl around inside, and if the wind was strong enough, it blew through the ladder-hole, turning the Ayramun\u8217\'92s underground haunt into a sort of whimpering whistle. It sounded similar to the birthing whines of an swollen mutt. And as the wind intensified, this whine transformed into a rasping howl, a sound so annoying that the Ayramun retreated deep into the tunnel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Only Mandrai and Moteah stayed in the ladder room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stayed because he was mesmerized by the blossoming power of the storm; being so close was a thrill. Moteah stayed because she was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Minder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Strangely, things quieted down when the bulk of the storm washed over the temple above. The sustained wind somehow transformed the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s howl into a dull hum, a vibration just above the threshold of hearing. It almost seemed like whoever had built this place had anticipated this very storm and wanted to bottle up it\u8217\'92s energy, storing it for some ancient purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The hairs on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms stood on end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What made it?\u8221\'94 he wondered aloud, referring to both the temple and the storm. His voice felt disembodied as it danced above the energetic hum. Moteah was somewhere in the room\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he wasn\u8217\'92t sure where, for the sun had set and the air outside was black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could it have been sent by the Burshageet?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93Does the beast have that kind of power?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think so,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93Though I can\u8217\'92t say for certain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her voice seemed to carry, almost like she was whispering in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear. Perhaps this unnatural nearness had something to do with the resonant hum. Whatever was happening here was well beyond his musings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This place is one of the Shiskason,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, intuiting his thoughts. \u8220\'93A portal to Shis. That\u8217\'92s where the tunnel leads, if you follow it. This hum you hear, it comes whenever a strong west wind blows, though it never abides like it does now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps this storm is Solraheen\u8217\'92s doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen is dead,\u8221\'94 Moteah said flatly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, but\u8230\'85while He might not have made this particular storm, He made\u8230\'85you know\u8230\'85He made the structure for it. He made the world that made it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mhmmm.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Despite Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disinterest, Mandri was feeling quite philosophical. All that was missing was some burgeon hooch to complete the mood. A nice freeweed wrap would do as well, but he didn\u8217\'92t usually go in for those. And that wouldn\u8217\'92t go with the heat of the storm, which was getting quite fierce. Indeed, the heat began to work a warmness into his skin, and coupled with the storm\u8217\'92s humbling immensity, well, it all made it seem like there was still a Spark inside his stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For the first time in quite a long time, he felt satisfied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Satisfying, too, was the knowledge that he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to do damned thing, at least not for a good long while.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll hurt yourself if you think too much about the gods.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m no Solitant,\u8221\'94 Mandri assured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t say you were.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe me, I\u8217\'92m not one to torture myself with questions. All I\u8217\'92m saying is, whatever caused this storm, that thing itself has a cause. There\u8217\'92s a chain of cause and effect that goes right back to Solraheen. He created everything, set it all in motion, so it all goes back to Him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might not be a Solitant, but you sound like one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsense. If I were a Solitant I\u8217\'92d give a specific reason for this storm; why it\u8217\'92s here. I\u8217\'92d claim knowledge. I\u8217\'92d claim divine revelation. I don\u8217\'92t pretend to know any of that. All I\u8217\'92m saying is that, if there is a reason, it must be Solraheen\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen has nothing to do with this storm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how do you know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not a convincing argument.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not trying to convince you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. Sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were a couple of other things Mandri wanted to say but he held his tongue. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to let her to ruin the mood. That was a privilege he reserved for himself. And besides, this was only a little disagreement. He had bigger bones to pick with world at large.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was Sparkless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was made a Mazid against his will.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been reduced to a hand-held object, little more than the sword tucked into his waistband.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And yet, there she was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An attractive girl. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For the first time, there in the dark, he sneaked a furtive glance in her direction. He wondered how he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t put a single thought towards manifesting that most delicate of embraces. Not one daydream of a playful tryst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Truly, he was Sparkless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For the first time in his life, there in the dark, he wondered what a Solitant would have to say about something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He shuddered at the thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To stave off his own insanity, he gave a quick look for Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack, because a drop of the god-eye would significantly improve the moment. Seb had no doubt expected this and had taken her pack with her, further into the temple\u8217\'92s tunnels. Mandri was forced, against his will, to lay there sober and listen to the storm\u8217\'92s rage continue to build.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hand after hand passed like this, and all the while the winds outside were rising.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts turned to children\u8217\'92s stories, the ones that warned about the Ugmukheen. These stories came with instructions:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hide the women, for as it passes it may fill their wombs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beware the cough that can kill as it stuffs the mouth with sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Store water, for it will strip the air of moisture, and its heat will sear the lungs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt all these things coming on, except of course the pregnancy. The one thing the stories told of, that he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen, was the snap and crackle of lightning leaping from every surface. The stories were clear on that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the air should come alive with little lightnings. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The heat swelled and soon enough the air was as hot as an oven. Mandri flapped his elbows to get a little breeze, and the motion conjured up a shocking spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped in surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His excitement at this electric thrill was tempered by the sound of rock sliding atop rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was coming from the temple above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The wind is lifting the dome,\u8221\'94 Moteah said with a hint of worry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should we be in here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would say that we\u8217\'92re fine, but, you never know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri repositioned his himself as far away from the ladder-hole as the room allowed, shocking himself several times in the process. Before he was finished, a loud howl of wind spat a gout of sizzling sand into the temple above. This was followed by the splitting shock of thunder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CRACKABOOOM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All Mandri saw was a flash of white light and then, suddenly, blackness. The temple above caved in on itself. The circle in the ceiling disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He shuffled back and felt for the wall. He could hear a torrent of sand pouring down into the room, and soon he felt it licking at his ankles. Just as the fear of being buried alive began to grip him, the hole above was plugged by a glut of the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bricks. The flood of sand ceased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well...that\u8217\'92s not good,\u8221\'94 he said as one last wisp of sand drifted down\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sad, dying breath of another Old Jandri relic. }}