{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Finding Elrahet was easy because that witch never moved far from where she sat down, and that morning Seb had seen her sit down at the ambush sight spot. Getting up to that spot, however, was difficult. Seb could either climb up the steep cliff face, or she could take the long way around. Since she had to carry the bones she took the long way. She found the Junei road that wound through the hills and walked it up into the mouth of the Junei pass. Instead of following that road through the mountains and all the way south to Meskalim, she scrambled off onto a smuggler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trail which snaked up towards the mountain peaks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was nearing mid-day when Seb made it to the wide, mid-cliff ledge where Elrahet was sitting. As far as ambush sight spots go, it was perfect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it offered a privileged view of everything east of the Hias mountains. Below was the mouth of the Junei Pass, out of which the Junei road poured. This unkempt road meandered down into the reddish Junei hills, where it was dissected into a filigree of footpaths that wiggled down into valleys and bent around black screes and outcrops of solid rock before shooting through the ravines and bowing along the bottoms of wide, long-dried washes before emptying out, at last, into the Junei plain. Once out on the plain, all roads got lost because there the white ground is a rocky caliche that gets swept clean by the strong northerly Junsi wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was alone up on that high ledge. To Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blurry eyes, she was nothing but a bundle of black rags and long smoky hair flowing out the front of an old crone\u8217\'92s hood. She was sitting cross-legged and looked like she was communing with the vastness of the world, but in truth she was watching and waiting for their prey to rumble along.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Took you long enough,\u8221\'94 the witch mumbled as Seb approached.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait to catch her own breath before saying, \u8220\'93Gugi found some bones and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb wondered how the witch knew, but of course this was the sight spot, and it had a good angle on every ravine, and on top of that, Elrahet was a witch. Who knows how far her witchy eyes and ears could see and hear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring the bones here,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb knew witches were cantankerous creatures, but Elrahet was especially gruff. Seb wondered about her age, though numbered age was rarely a thing people of the Sand tracked. A sand dune has no age, and outland witches like Elrahet were just as elemental. Her features were as dark, sharp, and solemn as any slab of sand-bitten stone. Her sun-drenched skin was as brown and leathered as the wrinkly bark of any pepperwood tree. Her layers and layers of black-rag robe pillowed her knobbly frame and made her look a bit like a diseased crow. Elrahet was as much a native creature of the Sand as the Hias mountains themselves, and probably as old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shall I command your every twitch?\u8221\'94 Elrahet snipped. \u8220\'93Put the bag down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb set the bag of bones down gently, not wanting to annoy the woman. Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to be shooed away before she\u8217\'92d heard any witchy words, for it was Seb\u8217\'92s great mission in life to spy on Elrahet, to know everything Elrahet was up to. This was a difficult mission because Elrahet was an elusive creature, and she did not often speak her mind. When she did speak, she spoke softly and bitterly. Her throat croaked like a dying man. Most often she would mumble to herself in a private language that Seb called bloodspeech. Seb called it that because when the old crone spoke it, Seb\u8217\'92s blood tingled, and her blood was tingling mightily as Elrahet\u8217\'92s withered lips curled and spat curses while her sharp teeth gnawed at the bone bag\u8217\'92s drawstring knot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the knot was finally loosed, the witch reached in and pulled out a big leg bone, smooth and white, streaked with dirt and a yellowed fleshy film. She gave it a once over, then tossed the thing over the cliff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Busy yourself,\u8221\'94 she growled to Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was an irascible woman. Impossible to please. Seb had tried winning the witch over with kindness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made Elrahet\u8217\'92s meals, washed her blankets, carried her things, and for all that Elrahet called her a \u8216\'91servile goat\u8217\'92. If Seb ignored the woman entirely, that only enraged her. If Seb did what Elrahet wanted, exactly how she wanted it, no more or no less, then Seb was a \u8216\'91mindless poke\u8217\'92. It had been three whole years and as many months, and Seb had learned almost nothing about the strength of Elrahet\u8217\'92s witchery. The only bit of wisdom she\u8217\'92d ever heard Elrahet speak was a hackneyed bent spoken to young Papi. Papi had been pouting about some useless thing and Elrahet said to him, \u8220\'93Weakness is a strength, and strength is a weakness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If anyone else had said something as stupid as that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Strength is strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Weakness is weakness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Take Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, they were a weakness. If a thing was up close she could keep it sharp, but \u8216\'91way far out\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91not too far off\u8217\'92 were smashed together into a blurry haze he called \u8216\'91out there somewhere\u8217\'92. When she looked out on the Junei plain from that high ledge, and all she saw was a wash of white ground underneath a blur of blue sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only good thing that came of her unreliable eyes was that she never had to stand watch, and while she took special pleasure in not being saddled with that chore, calling that a strength was merely twisting words. When a woman is strong she doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to twist words. For a witch steeped in the mysteries of the Spark to say a thing like that, to say \u8216\'91weakness is strength\u8217\'92, then there had to be some deeper purpose underneath the surface. Elrahet only ever spoke to bend the world to her will. Her words might have been for Papi, but Seb had overheard it, and Seb overhearing it was no doubt as much a part of Elrahet\u8217\'92s intentions. The witch was sending Seb down a path. Could be it was the wrong path. Would be if Elrahet knew of Seb\u8217\'92s plans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stared out at the Junei plain and tried to find the coming caravan by its aura. She knew the caravan was out there somewhere in that blur, making its way towards the pass to be set upon by the Ayramun. She let her eyes cross just enough so that the white landscape doubled and blurred until the edge between the white chaliche and the blue of the midday sky softened into a smooth gradient. She strained under the effort, until, at last, there was nothing else in the world but that cloud of color. Somewhere inside that cloud was the caravan. She hoped to see its aural flare. Maybe it takes bad eyes to see the divine light of purpose that shines out of every living being. Maybe that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how her weakness was a strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stared into that blur and bore the look of a woman possessed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jaw clenched tight, breathing in sips, skin tingling, stomach tense. She could feel the energy screaming out of her eyes, she was scouring all the world with it. She trembled as the gods once trembled in their battles. Sweat beaded on her brow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then she caught a faint whiff of a curious odor. A foul odor. Was it Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s? Was it her own?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She took another sniff and was hit with a familiar musk\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was hers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And there were some nesting brightbeaks up on the cliff behind. Seb knew this without looking because when brightbeaks jump out of their holes they flap their little wings so hard that they beat a pathetic, warbling whistle out of their tiny chests. One flew right by her ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But that brightbeak wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the most distracting thing. That honor went to the way in which the borcandi juice that oozed out of the spine tucked in her cheek and welled up in her mouth. Borcandi juice doesn\u8217\'92t play nice with the stomach, so people spit it out. But spitting would break her concentration. Then again, her concentration was already broken, so she spat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she spat out  the whole damn wad, as big as her tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dammit, Seb! You\u8217\'92re a servant of Shis, I swear it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s accusation sent Seb into a flustered panic. She looked down and saw a long thin track of green-gray spit lacing across the bag of bones. Thankfully, none of it had touched Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw, shit!\u8221\'94 Seb exclaimed. \u8220\'93Sorry! Shit. Didn\u8217\'92t mean to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She crouched down and tried to atone for her absent-mindedness by wiping the bag clean with her dirty sleeve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should toss off the cliff!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet picked up her black, gnarled root of a walking cane and swung it at Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head. Seb pulled back in time to watch it brush her nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet glowered and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should curse your flesh so it steams your bones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean it. Here, let me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet swung again, and her backswing was faster, so fast that the cane\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head smacked Seb\u8217\'92s cheek. If the old woman had been serious, it might have broken bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb clutched her bruised cheek and stumbled back, thankful it was only a warning, though Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s withering glare said her patience would not bear another stammered excuse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cursed herself as she trudged away. This was another of her many weaknesses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was forgetful. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hold onto a moment if she were alone in a pitch-black cave. People said this was because of all the spines she chewed, but Seb knew that wasn\u8217\'92t true because she\u8217\'92d always been like this. And she\u8217\'92d never once been in a position where her fitful mind was a strength. Gugi had said that if her mind was always jumping around then at least that means she can\u8217\'92t be sad for too long, and so she should be happy about that, but somehow that wasn\u8217\'92t true\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 being sad was the one thing Seb could be for too long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She leaned over the cliff face and spat a fat loogie down. She watched it fall with some delight, though she was denied the pleasure of seeing it splat on the rocks below because the ground was far enough away to be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91out there somewhere\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when Moto came scrambling down to the sight spot from some hidden perch up above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From one displeasure to the next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, a black man from Zos, was stronger, younger, and more skilled than Seb in every way imaginable. He was too well put together to be an Ayramun. Everyone else made do with dark, patchwork robes and nail-strapped soles for shoes, whereas Moto had silver buckles on his dusty black boots. He wore an orange robe that was tucked and folded into sharp knife pleats that slanted across his chest and were kept secured by a wide and tight black sash around the belly. Moto was so clean and fastidious that he would have been at home in the upper echelon of Hrkan society. He even had a sword, a long, curved sword set inside a brass-studded scabbard. The sword even had a name. Worse than all of this, Moto had healthy teeth. Few things made Seb more aware of her own disgusting self than being in the presence of healthy teeth. A poke is hard done up when a smile does nothing but make her jealous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto surveyed the Junei plain and said to Seb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t see them, can you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The bastard knew she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see shit. That\u8217\'92s just who Moto was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was a bag of dead bones not ten feet away, an ill omen just discovered, yet here Moto was taking the time to lick the spit right out of Seb\u8217\'92s cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Course I can\u8217\'92t see,\u8221\'94 said Seb, and Moto chuckled. His was a damned hearty chuckle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure enough, they\u8217\'92re there,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re on their way. Exciting, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 He looked over his shoulder at Elrahet, pretending to notice the bones for the first time. \u8220\'93And who is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Loath to be interrupted, Elrahet grumbled out a barely-audible, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like it was someone to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s nobody now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So these bones don\u8217\'92t change anything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stood up, grabbed the bag, and tossed it over the edge of the cliff. On the way down, the bag hit a crop of rock, and the bones burst out of the seams and went tumbling down to earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet glared at the Moto and Seb. Her skin was so lined with age that even the subtlest action of her brow would send it cracking into sharp relief. The depth of her sneer put a lump in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat. She then huffed, and shuffled down the ridge path, leaving Seb to wonder at the meaning of her sudden departure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess that means the bones don\u8217\'92t mean a thing,\u8221\'94 Seb mused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It means we\u8217\'92re in it, \u8221\'94 Moto replied. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure they\u8217\'92re out there?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto nodded and pointed out towards the blur. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a black speck and a faint cloud of dust on the horizon. That would be them. That would be our target.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure that\u8217\'92s them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who else could it be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted in annoyance, which was a common enough occurrence that some of the Ayramun called him the rutting bull, though never to his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet predicted that Lord and his Mazid would be making for the pass. Both of them disguised inside a blackwood caravan. She said they\u8217\'92d be coming mid-day today.\u8221\'94 Moto pointed out to the desert again, this time with two imploring hands. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a caravan out there. It\u8217\'92s mid-day. It all fits. That\u8217\'92s who we\u8217\'92re hunting. Do you doubt Elrahet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat another loogie off the cliff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did Elrahet say anythin\u8217\'92 about a dead body?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Moto said defensively. \u8220\'93Are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  saying something about a dead body?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sayin\u8217\'92 nothin\u8217\'92, I\u8217\'92m }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 lookin\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  at one scatterin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 these hills. If there\u8217\'92s a curse floatin\u8217\'92 about then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything is a curse to you.\u8221\'94 Moto snorted again. \u8220\'93A rock stuck in your shoe is a curse. A dead leaf is a \u8216\'91foul omen\u8217\'92. You don\u8217\'92t have the sight, Seb. You can barely see your own toes. And you know who does? Elrahet. If she says there\u8217\'92s nothing to it, then there\u8217\'92s nothing to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s findin\u8217\'92 a dead body not put a notch in your bow?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I\u8217\'92m a man of resolve, Seb. It\u8217\'92ll take more than your misgivings to put me off a hunt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know for sure that there\u8217\'92s a Mazid comin\u8217\'92 at us. Could be only merchants and we come out here for nothin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s only merchants, then we slice the fat from their bellies and we knick a nob or two. What\u8217\'92s the problem?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if its a line of Skulsi comin\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A few soldiers won\u8217\'92t change the balance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if it\u8217\'92s more'n a few?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we\u8217\'92ll kill more than a few.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how many is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto sighed and sat down on the edge of the cliff. He propped his elbow up on one knee and let his other leg dangle free. He hunched over, cupped his sight, and began his squinting study of the distant blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t appreciate Moto sitting that way. It showed a casual disregard for what Seb was capable of doing. In a flash, Seb could be right behind the man and push him off the cliff. Seb could end him right there. For all of Moto\u8217\'92s strength and skill with a sword, Seb could end him. There were plenty of moments like this when Seb could do it. She could do it while Moto slept. While he ate. Seb had half a mind to do it right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I count fifty-four of them. Give or take.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fifty-four\u8217\'92s more than \u8216\'91more\u8217\'92n a few\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And fifty-four is exactly how many Elrahet said there\u8217\'92d be\u8230\'85though there is an odd fix about them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An odd fix?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto squinted again. He was having trouble keeping his quarry in focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s like they\u8217\'92re\u8230\'85well\u8230\'85they\u8217\'92re a standard caravan guard, but it looks like they\u8217\'92re marching in squares.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know much, but she knew one thing for certain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Moto\u8217\'92s expectations were getting in the way of the truth. And there was one other thing she knew for certain: \u8220\'93There ain\u8217\'92t no caravan guard in this part of the world that keeps squares.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I say it\u8217\'92s an odd fix.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s an odd fix \u8216\'91cause they ain\u8217\'92t no caravan guard. I bet my spines those are Skulsi. Fighting men. Elrahet was wrong, it\u8217\'92s not just a Lord and his Mazid whose come disguised.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eight wagons, though,\u8221\'94 Moto declared. \u8220\'93She predicted eight, and eight there are.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb screwed up her face in thought. Eight wagons was several more than the average merchant train. And a merchant guard marching in tight formation? Caravan hands in this part of the Sand were ragged bands of backwash from Hrkan conquests, not the kind to march in squares. No, those men out there were Skulsi, Seb was sure. Fifty-four Skulsi and a god-damned Mazid were bearing down on them. And how many more men might be hiding in those wagons? Thirty?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb compared all this to what the Ayramun brought to bear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 forty-three bows. Forty-three bows and Ayram. And old Elrahet. Against anyone else she liked the odds, but nobody tangled with the Mazidai with good reason\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the fire those slaves hid in their stomachs could wipe out entire armies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 However\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Junei hills were a decent place to bushwhack a column of Hrks. Everywhere the slopes were steep, and no matter which particular route was taken into the pass there were places where strong shoulders would have a clean shot at the whole enemy column\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assuming the whole column tried to stuff through all at once. Skulsi weren\u8217\'92t that dumb. Against fearful men, an ambush here would be a slaughter. Against experienced warriors, Seb was not so sure. Add a Mazid to the pot and it was sure to be a boil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If the Mazid was caught unawares, then maybe the odds were three to one against the Ayramun. And that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assuming the Mazid got taken down early, by surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d take them for Skulsi,\u8221\'94 Moto said, \u8220\'93But I can see they\u8217\'92re wearing that stingy brown wool of blackwood guards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just \u8216\'91cause they\u8217\'92re in brown don\u8217\'92t mean they\u8217\'92re common hands,\u8221\'94 Seb replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It could be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Also could be those are Hrkan troops disguised just like they\u8217\'92re Lord.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But they\u8217\'92re wrapped in brown wool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So? A man can change his clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Skulsi doesn\u8217\'92t drop his whites for convenience, not even for subterfuge. It\u8217\'92d be a black mark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Sand makes converts of us all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pride,\u8221\'94 Moto noted through a plaintive sigh, \u8220\'93Is the only thing a Skulsi has. Once a soldier earns the whites, he\u8217\'92s not going to hide them for anything.\u8221\'94 He then paused, and a subtle frown played on his lips. \u8220\'93Still, even if they\u8217\'92re wearing brown, they could be fighting men.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Skulsi won\u8217\'92t run when the killing starts,\u8221\'94 Seb said, and when Moto stayed quiet, she felt compelled to add, \u8220\'93And the way we\u8217\'92re set up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 said Moto, interrupting with a snort. \u8220\'93This only works if they try to run. But ours is a game of risk. This is a Lord we\u8217\'92re trying to kill, a Mazid we\u8217\'92re trying to catch. What do you expect? Even odds? The Skulsi hardly matter.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re dead if we try it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not your call. Ayram put me in charge while he\u8217\'92s off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stood back up to make sure Seb got the full measure of him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like it or not, this is the only opportunity we\u8217\'92ll have to catch us a Mazid. Elrahet being wrong about who the Mazid marches with isn\u8217\'92t enough to call this off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about them bones?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this don\u8217\'92t work, an\u8217\'92 Ayram finds out about a dead body, a body you didn\u8217\'92t let him hear of, then he\u8217\'92s blamin\u8217\'92 you. Your fault\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  fault.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shrugged and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how responsibility works.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto then pinched a flat stone finger whistle between his lips and whistled the song of the Jek Tresset to let the Ayramun hidden in the valleys below know that the ambush was on. He stabbed and fluttered the high notes to encourage haste. Twittered replies sprang up from the hills below, and then, without so much as a parting nod, Moto set off down the path that led into that maze of mounded clay and rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb had different ideas about what needed doing. She was going to run off to Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cave, for the old witch was soon to conjure a blanket of fog the likes of which the Junei hills hadn\u8217\'92t seen for an age\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a nice impenetrable fog to lay cover for the ambush, and damn it all if Seb didn\u8217\'92t get to watch how Elrahet did it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet, Seb had learned, was difficult to track on account of her witchy lightness. Seb only knew where Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cave was because she\u8217\'92d scouted for it the night before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was a thin crack in the base of a giant slope of granite that constituted the greater part of a mountain peak. It was a bit of a climb to get to it. How Elrahet managed it, Seb had no idea. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Seb made it to the cave crack, she could hear Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s faint mumblings echoing out. She shuffled inside and saw the old witch squatting over the corpse of a sizable black-backed lizard, both of them illuminated by a shaft of bluish light which poured down from a hole in the ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lizard was belly up, and Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers were already knuckle deep in its guts. Her scrawny arm twisted and twirled, and her lips whispered incantations as her upturned eyes searched the blue sliver of midday sky that peeked through the crack in the rock above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then she turned and set her dark eyes on Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stumbled backwards in fright and bumped her head on a rock and howled in pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Elrahet grimaced and spat at this interruption before setting her eyes back on the sky. Then she put her hand to work again, violating the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She lowered her voice to a whisper. Seb strained to hear her garbled words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Em bestet buguul,\u8221\'94 Elrahet growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the words fell, Elrahet looked down at her handiwork. It was a twisted mass of innards and oily blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Em bestet shemuul.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pushed down hard with her palm to squeeze the last meal from the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shefre gor, amkukre dor.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her knotted fingers kneaded the intestines. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shefre gor, zom gagor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  She ripped the entrails out of their webbed lining, and raised them up into the air and croaked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All is dust without it!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She dropped the entrails back into the body cavity, then stared intently at whatever was going on within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb waited with bated breath for a sight of a Spark, or some effervescent swirl of glowing smoke, or anything, but nothing happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet snarled an arcane curse and tore the gash in the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s white belly wider. Into this gaping hole she stuck her skinny arm up to the elbow, and with it she pushed the beast\u8217\'92s innards around in pursuit of something in its groin. The lizard\u8217\'92s belly bulged and squirmed. Once or twice its limbs twitched and its tail curled. Its gummy tongue popped out of its shovel mouth. It\u8217\'92s yellow eyes flashed, and right when Seb supposed that the thing had come back to life,  Elrahet pulled her arm free and sat back with a defeated sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is possible,\u8221\'94 the witch said in a whisper loud enough for Seb to hear, \u8220\'93that the beast is infertile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb ventured nearer and knelt across from the witch. She asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So this won\u8217\'92t work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not with this beast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb poked the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse with a curious finger. She could sense a power coming from the gaping hole in its belly. Inside, the blue-gray intestines writhed like a knot of bloated worms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you gonna do?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seek a fertile stomach,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled. Her ancient, unblinking eyes wandered over Seb\u8217\'92s stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cringed and shuffled back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My blood\u8217\'92s no good,\u8221\'94 she spat. This did nothing to deter Elrahet from hissing like a snake who\u8217\'92d caught scent of a mealmouse. The witch reached out with her bony, blood-dripping claw of a hand and demanded from Seb, \u8220\'93Your arm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s command carried a strange, compelling force. Seb rolled up her sleeve and extended her arm. She did not want to do this, but she did anyway, some strange force compelled her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bloody fingers snatched Seb\u8217\'92s wrist, and the witch relished the sight of the pulsing veins which fed life into Seb\u8217\'92s palm. Seb shuddered, and Elrahet smiled, and this smile was more than a crick in the corner of the lip, it was a full-on, snaggle-toothed grin. A smile like that was so rare a sight on Elrahet\u8217\'92s face, that Seb half-wondered if this were really Elrahet squatting there, and not some demon wearing her skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb asked reluctantly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How much?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The mess of lines that cracked Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow deepened into her familiar sneer. She pulled a yard of linen and a clay bowl from out of the shadows and laid them between herself and Seb. She then unsheathed a thin black knife from some hidden pocket in her robe and placed its inward-curving edge on Seb\u8217\'92s wrist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb shuddered under the knife\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impossible sharpness. This black talon was eager to part flesh from bone, and eager for more than that, knapped as it was from a shard of Fabled Black. In the hands of a witch it could sever a Spark in two. In the hands of Elrahet, it could make a meal out of meaning itself. Even being in its presence caused Seb\u8217\'92s thoughts to wander into cloudy regions, where in interstices of lucidity she wondered whether the Fabled Black truly had this power to do this to her, or she was doing it all to herself. She knew only that she must not show fear. It was her duty to act like she belonged. So, she kept her wrist where it was, at Elrahet\u8217\'92s mercy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I value your trust,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said without affection. She pricked her dagger\u8217\'92s tip into Seb\u8217\'92s flesh, then flicked her wrist with expert care to open a vein. Seb stayed strong through the sting, but watched with grave concern as blood streamed out of the wound and ran around her wrist, over Elrahet\u8217\'92s knuckles, to flow steadily down into the bowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so much the loss of blood which worried her, but the fact that she\u8217\'92d been pricked by that unholy stone. Could it have tainted her? And the blade was still there in Elrahet\u8217\'92s hand, thrumming, it seemed, with an insatiable hunger. So long as that blade stayed still, Seb was content to bleed, but the moment it moved Seb recovered her wits and jerked her arm free. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it,\u8221\'94 she said firmly, and she held her hand up and pinched the wound closed with her thumb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet scowled, but was ultimately content with a bowl of blood half-full. She then mumbled dark words into the bowl, and once done, she poured Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blood into the lizard\u8217\'92s open belly. She then reached in and began again to stir. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb made to leave but was flustered when Elrahet tossed a scrap of linen at her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Know that I could have your stomach for a bag,\u8221\'94 Elrahet growled before shooing Seb out with a flick of her finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Seb stepped out of the cave she cursed herself for letting Elrahet prick the wrong wrist. It was her pulling wrist. Every pull of the bowstring in the coming ambush would reopen the wound.}}