{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Abu Fadll al-Dimashqi specifically warned against a merchant investing in "philosophical books [since these] are bought only by wise men and scholars, most of whom are poor, and whose numbers are few."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sagan:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We\u8217\'92re no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. It\u8217\'92s simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that we\u8217\'92ve been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back. "}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hey you're not gonna believe this! Bill Maher is giving away the solutions to all our problems for free!" -Norm Macdonald }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You are right in demanding that an artist should take an intelligent attitude to his work, but you confuse two things: solving a problem and stating a problem correctly. It is only the second that is obligatory for the artist." Letter to Suvorin, 27 October 1888.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/6408"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Letters of Anton Chekhov.}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I have thoughts on this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Truth is a compliment you pay to a sentence that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s working for you. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 darren staloff (maybe he found somewhere else)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Themes of creation \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fill out later}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - creates itself,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - evoluyion has no goal. Its not aiming towards a specific target. What it produces is contingent on the standing variation it has to work with. If that variation is insufficient, the population goes extinct.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - entropy - expand to fill most likely possibilities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The concept of Love (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u24859\'3F) was developed by Mozi in the 4th century BCE in reaction to the Confucian concept of benevolent love. Mozi tried to replace what he considered to be the long-entrenched Chinese over-attachment to family and clan structures with the concept of "universal love" (\u20860\'3F\u24859\'3F, ji\u257\'61n'\u224\'E0i).  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 learn about exploittion in history classs - man, this is a rip off of avatar.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Families are market distortions. THey get in the way of efficient allocation of labor.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://i.redd.it/xbe1ihgxd5sd1.jpeg"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My heart is full after unboxing my first ever luxury purse! Here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s her story.}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bag of the day \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u55357\'3F\u56412\'3F}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evidence is for suckers. The true path to knowledge is a sequence of unchallengable assumptions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}