{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This young man, like Mandri, was in the flower of his youth. He was renowned for his unwavering faith, even going so far as to sit at the . He was a perfect target for Enhedawadeen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But wht of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Enhedawadeen sent forth a demon in the form of a whore to tempt Kasily to sin. This didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, so he sent another, fair of hair and skin. She, too, failed to win a shameless victory. Enhedawadeen tried one last time, send a man. This demon, too, failed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Enhedawadeen raged in the depths of Shis. This chaste man, this , was concrete proof that the king of demons did not know mankind as well as . Did the urges not persist? Did he . Enhedawadeen had to no for sure. So, he sent another demon, this time in it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural, visceral form. It chased down Kasily and, wrestled to the point of exhaustion.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wind making a sweet whisper though the leaves of the trees, where they made him lie down on a feather bed, and left him there, tied down with soft silken bonds to prevent him escaping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , fondling his manhood in her hands, in the hope of so inciting him to lust}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kisli, inspirited by the heavens, bit off his tongue and spat it in the temptress\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 face. Torrent of blood, he drowned.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some kind of flirting between mandri and purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Desert fathers story}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shameless victory over him. Bit down on his tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have needed any temptress.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Love and lust being used interchangably. Which comes first, love or lust. Wholly separate things, but then comes a romantic relationship. Lovestruck? Is that different? Love isnt a distinctly human emotion. Humans are the only ones who trick themselves into thinking its something more than what it is. Open with love. Physical attraction. Wanted to paint her portrait.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Healing factor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interrogate mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lead into Obo suggesting a deal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Describe her priestess of mid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We should kill him right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Use your brain you little shit. If he is some dark prophesy, then even if we kill him, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll just come back. Doesn\u8217\'92t matter what we do. If he\u8217\'92s not, then we\u8217\'92ll have killed hapless young man in his prime.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ive already seen every inch of him, no curse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah asks Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this act all about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah, stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl, be quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why pretend like you want to deal with us? What\u8217\'92s in it for you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We Mazydai are practical creatures. We want what\u8217\'92s fair. I do something for you, you do something for me. What I do for you is, naturally, dependent on what you do for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer the goddamn question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My point is that, whatever purpose you have for me, I\u8217\'92ll willingly do it, whatever it is, provided you do me a favor in return. So, tell me why I\u8217\'92m here and I\u8217\'92ll tell you what I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re here because-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah. Stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? It doesn\u8217\'92t matter if he knows. He\u8217\'92s going to know eventually anyways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quiets Purl down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We captured you to kill Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blinks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd Obo in thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I must admit, my initial reaction was t, but I can tell you are serious. Perhaps you all know something that I do not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think it can\u8217\'92t be done?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stroke it. Considering it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I take it your plan was to, somehow, smuggle me down into Halfheart temple, and then have me blast Solraheen\u8217\'92s skull wide open with my voice?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Solraheen is just a figurehead these days. They keep him so drugged up on havi fumes that he can\u8217\'92t even talk. Killing him trigger a little chaos for a while, maybe even a few years, but it won\u8217\'92t do a thing to change the calculus of power in Jandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that is how you feel about killing a god, then I\u8217\'92m sure you won\u8217\'92t mind doing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve always been curious to know what would happen if my torch-voice touched godflesh. Though, there\u8217\'92s the issue of my fee.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not in charge, so I can\u8217\'92t promise you anything. I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92ll be paid well enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not interested in material things. I am a Mazydai. I am Sparkless. I require a Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence register what it was he was asking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I watched your witch Elrahet put a Spark in Mandri\u8217\'92s dead body. She brought him back to life. I did not believe such a thing was possible, yet I saw it with my own two eyes. If she could infuse inanimate matter with a Spark, then perhaps she could do the same for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those are my terms, take it or leave. Given the magnitude of the task, that is all I will accept in exchange.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram won\u8217\'92t go for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then Solraheen will remain untroubled. All of the friends you have already lost, the friends you are about to lose today, they will all have died for nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, Purl, I am a slave. I know you hate my kind, but you of all people should now that my will is bound to a master. I hear you people whispering songs of freedom. You style yourselves freedom fighters, and yet you judge me for fighting for my own?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re no slave. You said it yourself, I can\u8217\'92t make you do anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl, I mean no disprespect, but you\u8217\'92re no s, trained from birth to hold my leash.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah stomps out of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah!\u8221\'94 Purl called. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not supposed to leave!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was already down the hall. Her chin voice came echoing back across rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not listening to that shlup!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl stood up and made to }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl, please do not leave this room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The battle is about to commence, and this is the only safe room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Horn blows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl rushes to the slit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is like, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God\u8217\'92s they\u8217\'92re going to murder these people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s likely your people will win. They will take casualties, but they\u8217\'92ll win.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How? There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seventy against twenty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, but the Hrkan soldiers stationed in Scota aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quality. Very little of the training those men have received will prepare them to what they\u8217\'92re facing. I\u8217\'92d expect the relative skill, Ayramun to Hrkan conscript, is likely 3 to one. What tips the balance in the Ayramun\u8217\'92s favor is Minting Rock\u8217\'92s defenses. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What defenses?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, this is, essentially, a castle. The .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Y It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not possible to siege it You didn\u8217\'92t see the buried ropes outside? The murder holes in the rock\u8217\'92s face?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ah, but you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what a Shade can do. It would be interesting to see how Ayram deals with it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crash boom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Earthquake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve blown a hole in the rock. Splits in two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ants scurrying around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hand to hand combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few archers who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d managed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dudes squished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like a geode split in two.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto vs. Shade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto wins.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The key to painting a female face is to make as few marks as possible. A swish of ink for they eye, a blotch for the lips, painted, two tear-shaped dots for the nose and maybe the slightest of contours for the nostril, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s it. Stop there. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}