{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri is dosing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We need to run!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stay!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sees beetles}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They rush past him}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Attack the hrks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wild shit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re leaving}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle is like, okay, maybe a good idea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hueueueue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Birth demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fight continues}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto and moteah abandon Elrahet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet sitting alone. Separates herself. One thread into the dark. Can almost see the girl in there. The person. Aged. A millenia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shove him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Light into the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet just watching. Seb kills elrhet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stab into the stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bright light shinging out. Snap in the air. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri is drawn. Drinks it up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri blows it up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 End on Ayram arrives}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Drops riga - fuck too late.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What happened!?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What did you do!?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram--This is not over\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle--There is another?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Worse}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah set the two pale bodies right next to each other, and as he rolled the Riga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder\u8217\'92s flat he noticed that its chest had a spear-sized hole in it. It\u8217\'92s stomach was missing. Obo\u8217\'92s pseudospark was missing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beyond her, Ayram roared, and the distance between him and the newborn demon was closed so fast that it seemed only a single leap. The thunder clap of their meeting unleashed chaos in the room. So much happened so fast that Mandri, burgeoned as he was, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep track.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of these hags ventured too near to the duel of duels that raged between Ayram and the newborn demon, and that beetle was sliced in half by the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thrashing tail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Neither of the giants moved with anything resembling weight. Ayram swung his iron spear so fast that it seemed to curve, and it snapped suddenly straight against the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fending tail. Sparks flew, the demon recoiled and raged, then it leaped forward in a wild spin, swiping out with its taloned hand. Ayram sidestepped, and the demon followed through with its tail to knock Ayram\u8217\'92s spear aside just as the next spinning set of talons were coming round.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  but there was no time to wonder, for in the distance behind Elrahet he saw the newborn jump all the way to the ceiling. Its arc carried it over the heads of the three warriors, and it hit the ground running straight for Mandri and Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its great chest heaved as it ran, and its open throat screamed a wild, garbled hiss underneath its permanent grin. It closed the distance in four swift strides, and its final leap was tremendous. The sheer size of it could crush them both, but curiously, it rolled in the air. The explanation for this maneuver came swiping in from the periphery\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demon rolled under it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram missed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In committing himself to the blow he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left himself open to the lizard\u8217\'92s scything tail, which did not miss\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it ripped a gash across Ayram\u8217\'92s chest.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lizard demon then crashed into Mandri and Elrahet and sent them sprawling. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri recovered a moment later, he expected to feel the demon hollowing out his head, but the demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great arm lay atop him, lifeless. Elrahet\u8217\'92s golden blade was hilted in the top of its skull}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , but Mandri did not duck, for he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d caught sight of a giant running through the doorway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A wild eyed giant with a bread-loaf beard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}