{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93Is something wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said nobody talks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s deep voice rumbled Mandri to his core, but somehow he was not as affected as he\u8217\'92d been in the past. \u8220\'93Are you worried the Hrks will be on us today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went wide. \u8220\'93You can sense the Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93But the Hrks aren\u8217\'92t who you should be worried about. It\u8217\'92s the Greskalun. Something\u8217\'92s happened to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb groaned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can we gag the damn thing up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take off your pack,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri obediently swung Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s litter off his shoulders. Ayram grabbed it, set it down, and he squatted next to it so he could get a clear look at Obo\u8217\'92s face, or maybe it was so Obo could get a clear look at his\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the man looked ready to kill.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  I can say with certainty that they are not there. However, I do think your instincts are correct\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what lies behind those walls is not something we should wish to encounter}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then, from the desert, there came a sharp and roaring bleat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hrkan horn of war.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEEooooooooooooooooooommm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The call sent a shiver of surprise through the tunnel, and all eyes raced westward, for there in the distance was a speck of man set against the glare of the desert. All that could be made of him were the familiar blue robes of a Hrkan scribe. At his side was a shorter figure wrapped in black. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Mazidariga.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Behind them, from around the sprawling tumble of the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shattered stones, was a double-column of white robed soldiers marching in even squares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93RUN!\u8221\'94 Ayram roared, and if that wasn\u8217\'92t enough to prod Mandri into motion, the Mazidariga\u8217\'92s warbling whistle split the air, shooting a splitting ache into his head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He turned and ran through the accursed courtyard, weaving a route around the pilgrim poles and up the courtyard slope. There the whistle pitched into a mind splitting squeal. He dropped to his knees, cowered against the sound, and he prayed a broken prayer between gasps as he could feel his breath begin to leave him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, the whistling faded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could breathe again. When he slid back into the present moment he found that Ayram was carrying him out of the Riga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Ayram saw that Mandri had come to, he set Mandri down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah ran right by them. As did Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move!\u8221\'94 Ayram barked at Mandri, and he set off galloping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bumped into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back, sending them both into a tumble. They hurriedly picked themselves up and joined the others, Ayram leading, Elrahet clinging to his pack like a spider, snarling encouragement to her struggling tribe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, the whistling faded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could breathe again. When he slid back into the present moment he found that Ayram was carrying him out of the Riga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Ayram saw that Mandri had come to, he set Mandri down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah ran right by them. As did Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move!\u8221\'94 Ayram barked at Mandri, and he set off galloping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bumped into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back, sending them both into a tumble. They hurriedly picked themselves up and joined the others, Ayram leading, Elrahet clinging to his pack like a spider, snarling encouragement to her struggling tribe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He began to march through the tunnel and out of the gate, spear gripped tightly in hand. The Hrkan scribe, upon seeing Ayram marching out into the Sand, set his horse to trotting towards the tower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram paused a few yards outside the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gate, forcing the scribe to cross the greater distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the horse and rider finally neared the giant, Ayram laid down his spear. And though the scribe was high in his a saddle, they met almost eye to eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you Greskal?\u8221\'94 The rider asked, impressed at Ayram\u8217\'92s size.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The answer took the scribe by surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you the master of this tower?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram glanced behind him and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This tower has no master. As you can see, it is empty, save for me and mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse was becoming fidgety. No doubt it had caught wind of the terror that lay in the courtyard. The scribe mistook it for fright at Ayram\u8217\'92s height.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Seb saw Ayram regather his spear, she and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We gotta run!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Ayarm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah countered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need that Riga!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You poked?\u8221\'94 Seb cried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We did it once, we can do it again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The four of us? Against all them!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The gate is narrow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So!? Whatchya gonna do, close it? How you gonna get the Riga then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we fight them here, they can\u8217\'92t all fit in at once.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t Minting Rock!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, but\u8230\'85maybe...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse was growing more perturbed by the moment. Its eyes were wide and its nostrils flared and it kept trying to resettle its rider, as if preparing to bolt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is no way out excepting the event in which you and yours peaceably disarm yourselves, and the Mazidobo offers itself up into my charge. In exchange, all lives will all be spared, and the Mazid shall be allowed to retire from service after submitting to examination. We do not need violence here, nor do we want it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t much like those terms,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe frowned and his horse bucked slightly, sharing its rider\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not a matter for you to decide,\u8221\'94 the scribe said. \u8220\'93Bring my terms to the Mazidobo, or bring the Mazidobo and I\u8217\'92ll tell it myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram stroked his beard. He looked up at the sky, arced his shoulders, and he drew in a breath that could fill an ox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach, enough air to think for a good long while. In the intervening silence, the scribe\u8217\'92s horse began to clip-clop its agitation, bouncing the scribe uncomfortably in his saddle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Settle down you crooked beast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gave his horse a foul kick in the ribs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow jumped in surprise, and that quickly turned into elation. He mused, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good. An unleashed Mazid would be no good for any of us. But if it will only speak to a Mazid, then we will have to wait, for the Mazidban will not be here for at least another hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe bit his lip in frustration. He looked up, took in the tower, then spied the long distance behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93But I won\u8217\'92t do this business in the shadow of this accursed place. We\u8217\'92ll meet where the tower\u8217\'92s shadow meets the light of Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With the sun approaching its noontime zenith, the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow extended out into the desert a mere forty yards or so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before the scribe and his horse ran off, he said,  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no sense in playing me, poke. There\u8217\'92s nowhere to run if you resort to trickery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram picked up his spear. The scribe sneered, then barked at his horse and yanked on the reins as he jabbed its flanks with his heels. Off they went galloping, back towards the Hrkan line.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram spun around, and nested inside his beard was the biggest of all possible smiles, considering the size of his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen shines on us!\u8221\'94 he declared as he stepped back into the tower\u8217\'92s tunnel. Moto was the first to greet him by saying, \u8220\'93This will be easier than I ever dreamed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The beast which did this dwells in these mountains. It is a beast which only a Mazid can kill. Only this Mazid here!\u8221\'94 She flicked her beady eyes towards Mandri. \u8220\'93If you do not return his breath to his body, and let us walk into the pass, then the beast will grow beyond even a Mazid\u8217\'92s power. Woe betide your memory then,  Hrkman, for the coming age will curse you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lets him go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you question it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am the representative of\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are a man about to end the world on a turn of ignorance. I won\u8217\'92t have it. Look upon your future! Don\u8217\'92t turn away! Ayram, make him look!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tears down his cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was not I that did this!\u8221\'94 Smacks him. \u8220\'93It was the king of demons. It was the Amalgamete!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If there is a threat in these mountains, then you should have petitioned\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nibbling, trying to match tone and color. Not able t oget it right.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Your point is to match what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 DO you think you need to think like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s done, or is the outcome the only thing that matters? Because you\u8217\'92re painting by numbers. Ist that he made this image? What is it you hope to achieve. He was solving completely different set of problems than you are now. When you do a master copy you start with identifying the problems he was trying to solve. Then identify the solutions. The one thing you don\u8217\'92t want to do in a master copy, is merely copy.}}