{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Here is this intellectual, so alike in mind and temperament and idea that I begin to wonder if I am his reincarnation. And then I was struck with a sudden fear - because I had thought up to this point that an intellectual like myself, like Chekhov, could change a culture so immutably that it could never go back to that thieving state - but then what happened? The bloody revolution. Then Putin. And even more sad, Lenin read and was inspired by Chekhov. So I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m left waiting for the sad death of America. Chekhov couldn\u8217\'92t see it happen to Russia, but the idiocy, the blinkeredness, its coming for America. He died at 44.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 On the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amur_River"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Amur}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~steamer going to Sakhalin, there was a convict who had murdered his wife and wore fetters on his legs. His daughter, a little girl of six, was with him. I noticed wherever the convict moved the little girl scrambled after him, holding on to his fetters. At night the child slept with the convicts and soldiers all in a heap together.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anton_Chekhov#cite_note-FOOTNOTEChekhovGarnett2004[httpswwwgutenbergorgcacheepub6408pg6408-imageshtmllink2H_4_0106_TO_A._F._KONI._PETERSBURG,_January_16,_1891.]-76"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 67]}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Chekhov later concluded that charity was not the answer, but that the government had a duty to finance humane treatment of the convicts. His findings were published in 1893 and 1894 as\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ostrov Sakhalin}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sakhalin_Island_(Chekhov)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Island of Sakhalin}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ),\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Chekhov found literary expression for the "Hell of Sakhalin" in his long short story "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/The_Murder"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 The Murder}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ",}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anton_Chekhov#cite_note-79"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 70]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~the last section of which is set on Sakhalin, where the murderer Yakov loads coal in the night while longing for home. Chekhov's writing on Sakhalin, especially the traditions and habits of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gilyak_people"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Gilyak people}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , is the subject of a sustained meditation and analysis in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haruki_Murakami"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki Murakami}}{\f0\fs24\b0 's novel\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1Q84"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 1Q84}}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From the first day that Chekhov moved to Melikhovo, the sick began flocking to him from twenty miles around. They came on foot or were brought in carts, and often he was fetched to patients at a distance. Sometimes from early in the morning peasant women and children were standing before his door waiting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Chekhov's expenditure on drugs was considerable, but the greatest cost was making journeys of several hours to visit the sick, which reduced his time for writing.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anton_Chekhov#cite_note-autogenerated2-84"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 75]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~However, Chekhov's work as a doctor enriched his writing by bringing him into intimate contact with all sections of Russian society: for example, he witnessed at first hand the peasants' unhealthy and cramped living conditions, which he recalled in his short story "Peasants". Chekhov visited the upper classes as well, recording in his notebook: "Aristocrats? The same ugly bodies and physical uncleanliness, the same toothless old age and disgusting death, as with market-women."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anton_Chekhov#cite_note-note-85"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 76]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~In 1893/1894 he worked as a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zemstvo"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Zemstvo}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~doctor in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zvenigorod"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Zvenigorod}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , which has numerous sanatoriums and rest homes. A local hospital is named after him.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In Chekhov's lifetime, British and Irish critics generally did not find his work pleasing;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E._J._Dillon"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 E. J. Dillon}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~thought "the effect on the reader of Chekhov's tales was repulsion at the gallery of human waste represented by his fickle, spineless, drifting people" and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R._E._C._Long"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 R. E. C. Long}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~said "Chekhov's characters were repugnant, and that Chekhov revelled in stripping the last rags of dignity from the human soul".}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Unkle vanya}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {What a lovely day, not to hot, excellent weather for suicide.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Your husband and you - you spread decay. }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/57333/pg57333-images.html#THE_LADY_WITH_THE_TOY_DOG"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/57333/pg57333-images.html#THE_LADY_WITH_THE_TOY_DOG}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She read a great deal, called her husband not Dimitri, but Demitri, and in his private mind he thought her short-witted, narrow-minded, and ungracious. He was afraid of her and disliked being at home. He had begun to betray her with other women long ago, betrayed her frequently, and, probably for that reason nearly always spoke ill of women, and when they were discussed in his presence he would maintain that they were an inferior race.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It seemed to him that his experience was bitter enough to give him the right to call them any name he liked, but he could not live a couple of days without the "inferior race." With men he was bored and ill at ease, cold and unable to talk, but when he was with women, he felt easy and knew what to talk about, and how to behave, and even when he was silent with them he felt quite comfortable.\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Her expression, her gait, her dress, her coiffure told him that she belonged to society, that she was married, that she was paying her first visit to Talta, that she was alone, and that she was bored....}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The lady glanced at him and at once cast her eyes down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "He won't bite," she said and blushed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He fixed his eyes on her and suddenly embraced her and kissed her lips, and he was kindled with the perfume and the moisture of the flowers; at once he started and looked round; had not some one seen?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Let us go to your\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " he murmured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And they walked quickly away.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But here there was the shyness and awkwardness of inexperienced youth, a feeling of constraint; an impression of perplexity and wonder, as though some one had suddenly knocked at the door.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 My husband may be a good honest man, but he is a lackey. I do not know what work he does, but I do know that he is a lackey in his soul. I was twenty when I married him. I was overcome by curiosity. I longed for something. 'Surely,' I said to myself, 'there is another kind of life.' I longed to live! To live, and to live.... Curiosity burned me up.... You do not understand it, but I swear by God, I could no longer control myself. Something strange was going on in me. I could not hold myself in. I told my husband that I was ill and came here.... And here I have been walking about dizzily, like a lunatic.... And now I have become a low, filthy woman whom everybody may despise."}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Gomov was already bored; her simple words irritated him with their unexpected and inappropriate repentance; but for the tears in her eyes he might have thought her to be joking or playing a part.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~that it had been one more adventure, one more affair, and it also was finished and had left only a memory. He was moved, sad, and filled with a faint remorse; surely the young woman, whom he would never see again, had not been happy with him; he had been kind to her, friendly, and sincere, but still in his attitude toward her, in his tone and caresses, there had always been a thin shadow of raillery, the rather rough arrogance of the successful male aggravated by the fact that he was twice as old as she. And all the time she had}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 What preposterous nights, what dull, empty days! Furious card-playing, gourmandising, drinking, endless conversations about the same things, futile activities and conversations taking up the best part of the day and all the best of a man's forces, leaving only a stunted, wingless life, just rubbish; and to go away and escape was impossible\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one might as well be in a lunatic asylum or in prison with hard labour.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain {The cherry orchard}
\par\plain {- have you lost all fear of the almighty!?}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {TROFIMOV. The human race progresses, perfecting its powers. Everything that is unattainable now will some day be near at hand and comprehensible, but we must work, we must help with all our strength those who seek to know what fate will bring. Meanwhile in Russia only a very few of us work. The vast majority of those intellectuals whom I know seek for nothing, do nothing, and are at present incapable of hard work. They call themselves intellectuals, but they use "thou" and "thee" to their servants, they treat the peasants like animals, they learn badly, they read nothing seriously, they do absolutely nothing, about science they only talk, about art they understand little. They are all serious, they all have severe faces, they all talk about important things. They philosophize, and at the same time, the vast majority of us, ninety-nine out of a hundred, live like savages, fighting and cursing at the slightest opportunity, eating filthily, sleeping in the dirt, in stuffiness, with fleas, stinks, smells, moral filth, and so on. . . And it's obvious that all our nice talk is only carried on to distract ourselves and others. Tell me, where are those cr\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9ches we hear so much of? and where are those reading-rooms? People only write novels about them; they don't really exist. Only dirt, vulgarity, and Asiatic plagues really exist. . . . I'm afraid, and I don't at all like serious faces; I don't like serious conversations. Let's be quiet sooner }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {LOPAKHIN. You know, I get up at five every morning, I work from morning till evening, I am always dealing with money--my own and other people's-- and I see what people are like. You've only got to begin to do anything to find out how few honest, honourable people there are. Sometimes, when I can't sleep, I think: "Oh Lord, you've given us huge forests, infinite fields, and endless horizons, and we, living here, ought really to be giants." }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.livrosgratis.com.br/ler-livro-online-154870/ward-no-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.livrosgratis.com.br/ler-livro-online-154870/ward-no-6}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In the hospital yard there stands a small lodge surrounded by a perfect forest of burdocks,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 nettles, and wild hemp. Its roof is rusty, the chimney is tumbling down, the steps at the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 front-door are rotting away and overgrown with grass, and there are only traces left of the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 stucco. The front of the lodge faces the hospital; at the back it looks out into the open}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 country, from which it is separated by the grey hospital fence with nails on it. These nails,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 with their points upwards, and the fence, and the lodge itself, have that peculiar, desolate,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 God-forsaken look which is only found in our hospital and prison buildings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {He has a grim, surly, battered-looking face, overhanging}
\par\plain {eyebrows which give him the expression of a sheep-dog of the steppes, and a red nose; he is}
\par\plain {short and looks thin and scraggy, but he is of imposing deportment and his fists are}
\par\plain {vigorous. He belongs to the class of simple-hearted, practical, and dull-witted people,}
\par\plain {prompt in carrying out orders, who like discipline better than anything in the world, and so}
\par\plain {are convinced that it is their duty to beat people. He showers blows on the face, on the}
\par\plain {chest, on the back, on whatever comes first, and is convinced that there would be no order}
\par\plain {in the place if he did not.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 From his agonizing, throbbing cough, his thinness, and the flush on his cheeks, one may judge that he is in the first stage of consumption.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He shows his childish gaiety}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 and lively character at night also when he gets up to say his prayers -- that is, to beat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 himself on the chest with his fists, and to scratch with his fingers at the door. This is the Jew Moiseika, an imbecile, who went crazy twenty years ago when his hat factory was burnt down.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 he was taken ill}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 with galloping consumption and died, and his death was, as it were, the first of a whole}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 series of calamities which suddenly showered on the Gromov family.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He had never even in his young student days given the impression of being perfectly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 healthy. He had always been pale, thin, and given to catching cold; he ate little and slept}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 badly. A single glass of wine went to his head and made him hysterical. He always had a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 craving for society, but, owing to his irritable temperament and suspiciousness, he never}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 became very intimate with anyone, and had no friends. He always spoke with contempt of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 his fellow-townsmen, saying that their coarse ignorance and sleepy animal existence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 seemed to him loathsome and horrible. He spoke in a loud tenor, with heat, and invariably}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 either with scorn and indignation, or with wonder and enthusiasm, and always with perfect}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 sincerity. Whatever one talked to him about he always brought it round to the same subject:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 that life was dull and stifling in the town; that the townspeople had no lofty interests, but}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 lived a dingy, meaningless life, diversified by violence, coarse profligacy, and hypocrisy;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 that scoundrels were well fed and clothed, while honest men lived from hand to mouth; that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 they needed schools, a progressive local paper, a theatre, public lectures, the co-ordination}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 of the intellectual elements; that society must see its failings and be horrified. In his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 criticisms of people he laid on the colours thick, using only black and white, and no fine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 shades; mankind was divided for him into honest men and scoundrels: there was nothing in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 between. He always spoke with passion and enthusiasm of women and of love, but he had}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 never been in love. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 in course of time, through habit, grow so callous that they cannot, even if they wish it, take any but a formal attitude to their clients; in this respect they are not different from the peasant who slaughters sheep and calves in the back-yard, and does not notice the blood. With this formal, soulless attitude to human personality the judge needs but one thing -- time -- in order to deprive an innocent man of all rights of property, and to condemn him to penal servitude. Only the time spent on performing certain formalities for which the judge is paid his salary, and then -- it is all}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 over. Then you may look in vain for justice and protection in this dirty, wretched little town a hundred and fifty miles from a railway station! And, indeed, is it not absurd even to think of justice when every kind of violence is accepted by society as a rational and consistent necessity, and every act of mercy -- for instance, a verdict of acquittal -- calls forth a perfect outburst of dissatisfied and revengeful feeling? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 van Dmitritch's neighbour on the left hand is, as I have said already, the Jew Moiseika; his neighbour on the right hand is a peasant so rolling in fat that he is almost spherical, with a blankly stupid face, utterly devoid of thought. This is a motionless, gluttonous, unclean animal who has long ago lost all powers of thought or feeling. An acrid, stifling stench always comes from him. Nikita, who has to clean up after him, beats him terribly with all his might, not sparing his fists; and what is dreadful is not his being beaten -- that one can get used to -- but the fact that this stupefied creature does not respond to the blows with a sound or a movement, nor by a look in the eyes, but only sways a little like a heavy barrel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 screwing up his eyes slyly. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At midday they have soup made out of sour cabbage and boiled grain, in the evening their supper consists of grain left from dinner}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His exterior is heavy -- coarse like a peasant's, his face, his beard, his flat hair, and his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 coarse, clumsy figure, suggest an overfed, intemperate, and harsh innkeeper on the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 highroad. His face is surly-looking and covered with blue veins, his eyes are little and his}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 nose is red. With his height and broad shoulders he has huge hands and feet; one would}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 think that a blow from his fist would knock the life out of anyone, but his step is soft, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 his walk is cautious and insinuating; when he meets anyone in a narrow passage he is}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 always the first to stop and make way, and to say, not in a bass, as one would expect, but in}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 a high, soft tenor: "I beg your pardon!" He has a little swelling on his neck which prevents}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 him from wearing stiff starched collars, and so he always goes about in soft linen or cotton}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 shirts. Altogether he does not dress like a doctor. He wears the same suit for ten years, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 the new clothes, which he usually buys at a Jewish shop, look as shabby and crumpled on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 him as his old ones; he sees patients and dines and pays visits all in the same coat; but this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 is not due to niggardliness, but to complete carelessness about his appearance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 superstition and all the nastiness and abominations of daily life were necessary, since in process of time they worked out to something sensible, just as manure turns into black earth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At first Andrey Yefimitch worked very zealously. He saw patients every day from morning till dinner-time, performed operations, and even attended confinements. The ladies said of him that he was attentive and clever at diagnosing diseases, especially those of women and children. But in process of time the work unmistakably wearied him by its monotony and obvious uselessness. To-day one sees thirty patients, and to-morrow they have increased to thirty-five, the next day forty, and so on from day to day, from year to year, while the mortality in the town did not decrease and the patients did not leave off coming. To be any real help to forty patients between morning and dinner was not physically possible, so it could but lead to deception. If twelve thousand patients were seen in a year it meant, if one looked at it simply, that twelve thousand men were deceived. To put those who were seriously ill into wards, and to treat them according to the principles of science, was impossible, too, because though there were principles there was no science; if he were to put aside philosophy and pedantically follow the rules as other doctors did, the things above all necessary were cleanliness and ventilation instead of dirt, wholesome nourishment instead of broth made of stinking, sour cabbage, and good assistants instead of thieves; and, indeed, why hinder people dying if death is the normal and legitimate end of everyone? What is gained if some shop-keeper or clerk lives an extra five or ten years? If the aim of medicine is by drugs to alleviate suffering, the question forces itself on one: why alleviate it? In the first place, they say that suffering leads man to perfection; and in the second, if mankind really learns to alleviate its sufferings with pills and drops, it will completely abandon religion and philosophy, in which it has hitherto found not merely protection from all sorts of trouble, but even happiness. Pushkin suffered terrible agonies before his death, poor Heine lay paralyzed for several years; why, then, should not some Andrey Yefimitch or Matryona Savishna be ill, since their lives had nothing of importance in them, and would have been entirely empty and like the life of an amoeba except for suffering? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Life is a vexatious trap; when a thinking man reaches maturity and attains to full consciousness he cannot help feeling that he is in a trap from which there is no escape. Indeed, he is summoned without his choice by fortuitous circumstances from non-existence into life . . . what for? He tries to find out the meaning and object of his existence; he is told nothing, or he is told absurdities; he knocks and it is not opened to him; death comes to him -- also without his choice. And so, just as in prison men held together by common misfortune feel more at ease when they are together, so one does not notice the trap in life when people with a bent for analysis and generalization meet together and pass their time in the interchange of proud and free ideas. In that sense the intellect is the source of an enjoyment nothing can replace.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What is the good of the brain centres and convolutions, what is the}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 good of sight, speech, self-consciousness, genius, if it is all destined to depart into the soil, and in the end to grow cold together with the earth's crust, and then for millions of years to fly with the earth round the sun with no meaning and no object? To do that there was no need at all to draw man with his lofty, almost godlike intellect out of non-existence, and then, as though in mockery, to turn him into clay. The transmutation of substances! But what cowardice to comfort oneself with that cheap substitute for immortality! The unconscious processes that take place in nature are lower even than the stupidity of man, since in stupidity there is, anyway, consciousness and will, while in those processes there is absolutely nothing. Only the coward who has more fear of death than dignity can comfort himself with the fact that his body will in time live again in the grass, in the stones, in the toad. To find one's immortality in the transmutation of substances is as strange as to prophesy a brilliant future for the case after a precious violin has been broken and become useless.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Psychiatry with its modern classification of mental diseases, methods of diagnosis, and treatment, was a perfect Elborus in comparison with what had been in the past. They no longer poured cold water on the heads of lunatics nor put strait-waistcoats upon them; they treated them with humanity, and even, so it was stated in the papers, got up balls and entertainments for them. Andrey Yefimitch knew that with modern tastes and views such an abomination as Ward No. 6 was possible only a hundred and fifty miles from a railway in a little town where the mayor and all the town council were half-illiterate tradesmen who looked upon the doctor as an oracle who must be believed without any criticism even if he had poured molten lead into their mouths; in any other place the public and the newspapers would long ago have torn this little Bastille to pieces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}