{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Fertile Portion was once ruled by an Old Jandri king named Duror. To prove his dominion, Duror built red brick pillars, two-by-two-by-ten, at every bend of the river Jek. He carved his own his long-bearded, long-cloaked visage into these pillars, head heavy with a conical crown. The first statue was built at the Jek\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s source, a spring high up in the Goree mountains overlooking a dramatic waterfall. It has worn the ages well. Its eyes and ears still watch and listen to the world that it once ruled. Its sword still points at the sun, moon, and stars as they spin endlessly overhead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Jek river descends down into the foothills where it is guarded by a spate of statued Durors that are sanded smooth by erosion. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re more like cattle scratch posts than statues of a king. Their heads are nubs, their swords are worn down to the hilt. Reed boats float by unchecked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The river pours out of the foothills and meanders down into the brink of Hrkan civilization. There the statues of Duror were able to escape the erosive wind, but they could not outrun defacing chisels. Once inside Hrkan lands, the many Durors have lost their bricks altogether as the stones were stolen to reinforce pastoral walls. Closer to Jeket, all that is left of Duror\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s monuments are the enormous plinths upon which they once stood. Those stones are too large for anyone to bother with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Old Jandri statues disintegrate the nearer they come to Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is symbolism here, and it is not subtle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Hrkan patriot will claim that this is a sign of Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cleansing influence on the old world. Outland folk see it as a sign of the corrupting evil inherent to city life. Outland folk yearn for that storied age when all peoples were rootless, when herds of oxen were free to be chased across the continent, when women wove blankets so long they could be wrapped around a village, when men were honest and would cut off their own fingers just to prove that they were sorry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pivotal detail that no one cared to notice was that most of these statues were sitting alone out in an empty desert because the course of the Jek had changed dramatically over the centuries. Yes, these statues had nothing to do with Hrk and whether or not Solraheen smiled upon it. The correct interpretation was that nothing lasts forever, and while Mandri was sure about everything, he was damned sure about that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Observe how rivers change their course, how they dry up. Continents dry up. Everything living dies. Solraheen Himself was killed. Beauty fades. Sparks get sucked out of stomachs. Statues turn to dust. Everything living dies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth mentioning twice. Ideas are easy to kill, or at least, easy to corrupt. Nothing is permanent, nothing is blameless, nothing is innocent, and if it is, well, innocence famously easy to kill. That seems that to be the main function of innocence, to be killed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the cultured wail, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of Art?\u8221\'94 Great works of art are timeless. The statues of Duror may be withered crumbles but they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 are }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 still there, most of them, mooding over the countryside. In ten thousand years when they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re gone, they\u8217\'92ll live on in stories. And anyways, there are greater, older works of Old Jandri still living.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had seen all there was to see of Old Jandri make. Timeless? He was not impressed. None of it would be as valuable as it was if Old Jandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t near to death. That\u8217\'92s what dying does for a work of art. A culture dies off, and whatever\u8217\'92s left gets priced as a relic. That\u8217\'92s all fine, unless people mistake that antique aura for greatness. No, that\u8217\'92s an aura of doom. That browning, cracked paint is an invitation to imagine a world which failed to survive. The dust which dulls the surface, a sprinkling of dread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Minting Rock was such a relic. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri entered into its belly from the bottom, and was looking up through the central sunlit well that ran straight through the entirety of the rock. Far above, a canted column of sunlight split the blackness of the stone. Mandri felt, without exaggeration, that he was inside the eye of a bead cast off from the necklace of some forgotten god. If it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for the pain in his leg, he might have had a spiritual experience. Instead, he winced and whimpered as the knotted rope on which he clung jerked upwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ascended into Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s antechamber, which was shaped a bit like an apple, two men tall. Aside from the central column of light, it was lit by two flower-flame oil lamps affixed to either shoulder of a dim-lit passage. Wherever it led couldn\u8217\'92t lead far, because Minting Rock wasn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  big. It only felt big.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rope stopped pulling him upwards. He shimmied off, and dropped onto the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And what a beautiful floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was embossed with a rotationally symmetric diamond pattern, and at the floor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edges this pattern ran smoothly up onto the wall, such that there was no distinction between where the floor ended and where the wall began. This pattern flowed upwards and split into several ribbons of sculptural stone, a weave that criss-crossed in and out of itself, a stunning fantasy that coupled geometric recursion with organic fluidity and pulse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all in stone. And it had dimension, as the topmost ribbons cast hard shadows on the ribbons underneath. It seemed as if the room were a cage dipped into some kaleidoscopic boil stolen from a burgeon binge. That topmost layer, the bars of this cage, graduated from a swirl of ribbon at the floor into a prickling fence of barbed thorns towards the ceiling, and like climbing vines they spiraled all the way up this bulge of a room and converged towards the center of the ceiling, merging into the lashes of an eye whose iris was the shaft which led ever upwards and into the light of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The room smelled like death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before this smell could truly sour Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s experience, an unseen hand grabbed a fistful of his robe between his shoulder blades and yanked him further away from the central shaft. The pain in his thigh reasserted itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Seb who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pulled him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked in whispered wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Already told ya,\u8221\'94 Seb said as her near-toothless mouth squelched on a spine. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about the name,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93What }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  this place? Who made it? It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not Old Jandri make.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Already told that too,\u8221\'94 Seb said. She was leaning over, and the neck of her robe yawned at his nose. Her odor poured out. The horrible smell in this room was coming from her. Like butter gone bad. \u8220\'93Do whats told and ya get them burgeons, yeah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scrunched up his nose. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb recoiled. Even a hard-up Outland woman couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t abide being found out like that. Her face could be ugly as mud, that was the world\u8217\'92s fault, but her smell was coming from the inside and said something about her being.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her tired eyes managed to impress upon Mandri her great discouragement. Mandri shrugged in turn. He knew her type. She was a nobody amongst nobodies, as irrelevant as one of Jeket\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crawlers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 beggars who beg from beggars. He had a sense for these people even if they hadn\u8217\'92t yet fallen that far. There\u8217\'92s a dopiness about them. The face kind of sags. And they smell. To a man and woman, they smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess ya don\u8217\'92t like burgeons,\u8221\'94 Seb snarled as she grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist and yanked him to his feet. She pulled him into the lamplit passage. Mandri\u8217\'92s leg screamed while he limped along, steadying himself against the sculptured stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Giddy up!\u8221\'94 Seb barked as she yanked Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ahead was another sputtering lamp whose light flickered above a set of chubby upswirl of stairs. Ascending these stairs put an odd twist in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mental map of the place. It became difficult to maintain a sense of where he was within the rock. There was almost no light, and he was shoved through so many tiny, warped passages that all he knew for certain was that he was moving away from the center. Each new chamber and corridor became more cluttered and cramped, and the stonework less polished and more rough. The walls were still sculpted into an otherworldly weave, but Mandri\u8217\'92s fingers could feel an inattention to thickness of edge. It was clumsy work, clumsy in comparison to what he\u8217\'92d seen in that central shaft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He got to thinking, after bumping his head on an absurdly low door frame, that whoever had carved this rock had perhaps carved out too much of it. Unless Older Old Jandri tribesmen were as learned as Hrkan architects in the art of stressing stone, the whole thing was bound to fall apart. And the further up and out he went, the more slapdash the passages and rooms became. By the time he reached the outer edge of the rock, and saw a slit of bright blue sky though a thin embrasure, his fingers were brushing over cracks. Once, in this dusty dark, he bumped his shoulder against an unworked wooden beam that arched over his head. He swore he heard the floor above buckle and sag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed him into a long and narrow room. It was long enough for him to lay down in, but barely wide enough to turn around. This space had access to outside air through a spray of finger holes bored into the far wall. The sun didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shine directly through them, so these pinpricks of day sat on the black wall illuminating nothing, like a constellation of stars. Interestingly, they composed a pattern which he did not expect to see\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a simple Hrkan sun. The official sigil of Hrk had one hundred and twenty rays, one for each Voice of the Lordly Choir. The stipple-pricked sign on this wall was the simpler design that had only twelve rays, though each ray was crowned with an extra point which symbolized a multiplication of ten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb elbowed Mandri further into this shoulder-squeezing closet, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when the room\u8217\'92s defining quality hit him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the air inside was thick with a foul smell, fouler than Sebs or even his own. It was sweet and horrible, cloying, as if a mound of peaches had putrefied in some dark corner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gagged, clutched at his nose, and when the bitterness stung the back of his tongue like rancid burgeon bile he spat and choked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought, at first, that this was a prayer room and that the smell was incense put here to trigger some spiritual impulse. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t entertain the thought that this scent was meant to mask a fouler smell until he reached out into the dark to steady himself. Instead of slapping against stone, his fingers sank into something that felt curiously like skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He bounced into the opposite wall. There his palm brushed up against a dried and bony limb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb slapped the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep still. Damn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s in here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry \u8217\'92bout it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pushed him towards the stipple-pricked sigil of Hrk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned to protest his new accommodation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sit down an\u8217\'92 quit flappin,\u8221\'94 Seb commanded. \u8220\'93Place is sacred.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandi didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to get slapped again, so he shut up and sat down. This was a dicey proposition, because things dead and rotting were resting inside the walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He prayed for a light, and by Sol, there it was, a diffuse orange light creeping up the corridor behind Seb. Seb spun around and there was the girl Moteah, standing in the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance, looking well-recovered from her ordeal. She was clad in a clean beige robe and her once-wild hair was wrapped up tight in a severe headscarf, such that it almost seemed she had no hair at all. Her black skin glistened red from all the kell oil she\u8217\'92d smeared on her face. In the dim light, it almost looked like blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move,\u8221\'94 she said to Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb begrudgingly stepped out of the room to give Moteah space to enter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The oil-dish lamp Moteah held before her splayed its light into the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interior, bringing this haunting closet to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cut into the black rock walls were coffin-sized slits, three on either side, stacked one above the other. Inside each of these, resting in peaceful repose, was a corpse, each in a different stage of decomposition, and each naked as from the womb, and all of them, as far as Mandri could tell, were giants. Ayram-sized giants. Men. Their beards were black and gray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The corpse that the light lit clearest was as black and shriveled as a grape weeks fallen from the vine. It was impossible to say for certain how long that body had been lying there, for an unbothered corpse in the Sand could last an age. Cloistered away in this room, sheltered from the wind and abrasion, a corpse could last for as long as Solraheen willed it. That body could be as ancient as the sun itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shadows licked at its pruned up shoulder. Its desiccated hand with purpled fingers sat on the grave\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge, like a giant spider creeping into the light. All of it was frosted by a layer of dust. There was no hint of bloat, no tar-like iridescence of rot. Even so, it was clear that these bodies were the source of the smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah set her lamp down in a shallow recess set into the wall. In her other arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her handless arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she clutched a small blackgrass basket close to her chest. This she dropped on the floor at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. From it she pulled a puffy square of gray wool folded up into itself. Next was a bundle of hairy, spade-shaped leaves knotted at the stems. Then came a stone mortar which tinked when set down. Last came three small alabastron jars that were packed to the brim with waxy substances, one red, one green, and one blue. Moteah hesitated with these, treated them more gently than the rest, and once all were arrayed out before her, she handed the basket back to Seb, who tucked it mindlessly into one of the corpsedens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see the bite,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri leaned onto his right ass cheek and drew up his robe. He rolled his wounded thigh into the light. The wrinkled poultice was hanging half off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah eyed the dark veins in his leg with a keen interest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at that,\u8221\'94 she muttered. She pulled a thumb-sized pestle from her robes and dolloped a two-finger-dip of each of the waxes into her mortar. The whole time she looked a little angry. It was hard to tell which annoyed her more, her deadweight arm, or Seb, because Seb was leaning over her shoulder to see, chewing on a fresh borcandi spine, munching it right by her ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop blocking the light,\u8221\'94 Moteah snipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb drew back, and Moteah turned again to Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How bad does it hurt?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am in extreme pain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should be dead.\u8221\'94 She peeled back the old poultice to reveal the black wound underneath. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re only alive because you\u8217\'92re a Mazid,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Demon blight seeks the Spark, but you haven\u8217\'92t got one. You should count yourself lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb crowded back into the light and started to speak before dealing with the wash of juice in her mouth, so her tongue was swimming under the consonants, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He ain\u8217\'92 luggy, he onna path.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah pushed Seb back with a miffed look, and then set herself to mixing the medicine in the mouth of her mortar. She poured a finger-full of water from her personal waterskin into it, swirled it around with the colorful dollops of wax, then plucked three leaves and dropped them onto those swimming globs of color. She let it all soak for a spell, and then began to knead it all into a paste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri watched with eager intent. So did Seb. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help herself from leaning back in. By now she\u8217\'92d swallowed back the flood in her mouth and could speak with a clearer diction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thought wax didn\u8217\'92t break in water,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must not be wax,\u8221\'94 Moteah replied alongside rhythmic thump of her pestle. She smashed it all down until the color mixed into a greenish shade of brown that looked like vomit. She then unfolded the woolen square to make a pocket, and she packed it full with the goo. She cradled this poultice patch in her hand and slapped it paste-down on Mandri\u8217\'92s wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shock of pain ran through his hip. He nearly bit through his tongue. Then a quick iciness shot into his leg and chased the pain deep down to the bone. When the wincing excitement wore off, he was surprised to find that the pain was gone. His leg was cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 he said, relief shaping his voice. \u8220\'93That was fast. Thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re welcome.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is Moto your brother?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s the one who did this to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The twist in Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow did not soften. \u8220\'93I would apologize,\u8221\'94 she said as she sat back on her haunches, \u8220\'93but I don't clean up after him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what is all this?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, gesturing towards the poultice and the implements that made it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is me looking after my Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make \u8216\'91im do somethin\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw clenched tight, but Seb couldn\u8217\'92t see it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 Seb insisted. \u8220\'93Make \u8216\'91im say somethin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how it works.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s it work, then? He\u8217\'92s a Mazid. An\u8217\'92 ya ain\u8217\'92t blubbed up, so, should be easy now. What\u8217\'92s Ayram gonna say if ya can\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb,\u8221\'94 Moteah said sharply, \u8220\'93shut up.\u8221\'94 The disgust in her face was absolute. Most Outland women end up with rumpled foreheads, and it\u8217\'92s only partly from years spent squinting at the sun. From first blood they\u8217\'92re fighting wars of aggravation against Outland men, and a deep scowl, over years, lays in trenches that deter any would-be pokery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No need to be bitey with me,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m only lookin\u8217\'92 out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah retrieved her basket and gathered up her ministrations, trying her best to ignore the woman. But Seb wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t rebuffed in the usual way. She smiled at Mandri and asked, \u8220\'93Watchya think, Mandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bout Moteah bein\u8217\'92 Minder. I don\u8217\'92t think she got it in her. She\u8217\'92s too unkind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s exactly the opposite. She\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 too kind}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to be a Minder.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94 Seb laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither of you know anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eh,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. \u8220\'93Your hand is literally squeezing my stomach.\u8221\'94 He absently traced the scar along his belly. \u8220\'93I can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 feel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  what you feel, in a way.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve had one Minder already, and he was pitiless. He certainly wouldn\u8217\'92t have patched me up. With him, my stomach felt like a constant, gnawing ache, and I don\u8217\'92t get that from you. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  are kind.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah looked at him like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just mispronounced her name. Over her shoulder, Seb was beaming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya got it mixed up,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Kindness don\u8217\'92t mean what ya think it mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think about it. On the whole, and this is more\u8217\'92n true, folk either hate ya guts or don\u8217\'92t care \u8216\'91bout ya at all. So if }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 kindness }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 is how people treat their own}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  kind}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , then a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 kind}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  person is a don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t-give-a-damn kind of person. Unkind is opposite. See, people got more mercy for dogs on the street than men. Got more love for worms. I once saw a poke let a worm suck his blood to keep it alive, but if I was doin\u8217\'92 it, you bet he\u8217\'92d wail like I\u8217\'92d jus\u8217\'92 pucked his ugly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sat stupefied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, \u8220\'93Everyone knows that\u8217\'92s not what kindness means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone\u8217\'92s dumb as shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Mandri said to Moteah. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92ll be able to do what needs to be done. Honestly, I doubt anyone in all the world could do it. My last Minder was especially cruel, but even then, I could frustrate him. I\u8217\'92ll do the same to you. I know you want to march me up to the gates of Jeket and slaughter half of Hrk, but I\u8217\'92m not going to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not going to Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if you\u8217\'92re not trying to kill Lord Gagan, then you\u8217\'92ve got the wrong idea about who you need to kill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not killing any Lords.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kind of doomed revolutionaries are you people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A flicker of amusement see-sawed between Seb and Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps your aim isn\u8217\'92t that high?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93Surely you didn\u8217\'92t capture me just to kill some rival band of pokes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb laughed and said to Moteah, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See? Boy\u8217\'92s a square wheel. Oh, don\u8217\'92t get pissed Mandri, gotta learn to accept what ya workin\u8217\'92 with. Ya ain\u8217\'92t got a Spark. Yous dumber than most. Gotta accept it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was about to hurl an obscenity, but he was rudely interrupted by a worried, wordless shout which sounded out from somewhere below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That shout was followed by a loud, two-fingered whistle ringing through the rock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head jerked into a questioning tilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The borcandi spine nearly slipped from Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Even the dead seemed to grimace at this shrill noise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s impossible,\u8221\'94 Moteah gasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb shooed Mandri up against one of the graves with a few flaps of her fingers, then pushed past Moteah to stick her eye to the stipple-pricked sun. She searched for something in the desert, shifting from hole to hole, trying to get a better view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn my sight!\u8221\'94 she griped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat at his interruption and continued to peek at the desert. At long last, her searching eye went wide with recognition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They dug us up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next came a deep and yawning bleat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hrkan horn of war. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEE-oooooooooooooooommmm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Minting Rock went stirring with hollers, and Seb ran out to join them. Mandri gingerly pushed himself up against the corpsefilled wall, careful to not bother his leg, all so that he could turn and look through one of the small holes in that stippled sun. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see much, but sure enough, set against a field of fiery sand was a distant column of white-robed men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He would have complimented Seb if she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d still been in the room, because the sight of those Hrks proved her point about kindness. Folk never dressed up and marched around like }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to feed widows and orphans. Yes, that column of death was mankindness in full regalia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another shrill whistle rang out from somewhere inside of Minting Rock. It was followed by the slapping patter of leather-soled feet. Muffled shouts reared out of unseen corridors. It was as if the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s front door had just been knocked and all the house mutts were flung a-muster. Through it all there came, springing out of the hall, a clink of metal on stone. This thumping clink repeated again and again, in time with a giant\u8217\'92s stride, growing louder as it neared the Mandri\u8217\'92s corpse-den closet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram stormed into the room, plugged it up, beard-jutting and wild-eyed. In his hand was a long black-iron bar, taller than himself by a head. At its top, the iron splayed out into a narrow chisel, while at the bottom, the iron belled out into a sphere the size of his giant fist. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s length barely fit into the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted to Moteah, and he squeezed aside to let her filter through. Mandri sank back down to the floor and cowered in the corner, pressed in by this furious giant. Elrahet was there too, lingering in the passage mouth like a hallway stink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram rattled out a hiss. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me how they found us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I honestly have no idea what\u8217\'92s going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram lifted his great spear, then let it slip down his fist so its wide chisel tip hit the floor next to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip. With a twist of his wrist, he set its edge to rest against Mandri\u8217\'92s collar bone. The weight of it almost pressed Mandri over. He tried to shrug it off, but Ayram set it right back on the bone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri chose his next words very carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know that, generally speaking, it can be difficult to draw a clear line between cause and effect, but blaming me for whatever\u8217\'92s happening here seems unsound.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You led them here,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93Tell me how.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri swallowed a scoff and said, again carefully, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you considered that, perhaps, they followed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  here?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see him,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said as she peeked out from behind Ayram\u8217\'92s knee. Ayram grunted, then turned aside to give her a view of Mandri, only she was wasn\u8217\'92t looking at Mandri. Her eyes were darting around the room, as if the dead were whispering to her, as if the cobwebs wafting from the ceiling had overheard some of Mandri\u8217\'92s secrets, secrets unknown to even him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is my fault,\u8221\'94 she said as her beady eyes finally settled on Mandri. \u8220\'93I did not see it before\u8230\'85I heard rumors, but did not take them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pushed past the giant to stand directly over Mandri, giving him his first close look at her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hers was a portrait he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never seen before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only ever painted a few old folk. The Hrkan elite preferred to remember themselves as young so he rarely got the opportunity. Not that he wanted the opportunity. He wouldn\u8217\'92t have been the right choice for it anyways as he didn\u8217\'92t a have firm grasp of the logic which governs wrinkling skin, especially skin which sits around the eyes. But he could paint Elrahet because he could draw on his experience painting cork trees. Like bark, her skin seemed less like skin and more of a shell that would deter insect and fungal attacks. Or perhaps she was another breed of creature altogether. Perhaps demonic. This single light source, the uplit candlelight from the shelf, it cast sharp shadows and dug those lines deep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her eyes were alive with movement. Mandri had no doubt she could see right through his robe and ribs to count the lines on the knuckles that squeezed his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazidariga is real,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had no idea what she was talking about. And judging by the confused expression in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, and his angling brow, he didn\u8217\'92t know what a Mazidariga was either. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid\u8217\'92s shadow,\u8221\'94 Elrahet explained as she stepped back. \u8220\'93A flesh-craft meant to check the Mazid\u8217\'92s power.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you saying the Hrks have built a beast whose purpose is to hunt the boy down?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You say this now!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was not certain of its being.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just then, a shrill and steady whistle sounded out from the desert and pushed out all other concerns. It was a metallic, tinny tone that quivered like a strandtail\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warble. It grew louder and louder until it was ten times louder than any shriek any bird could ever make. That damned sound cut through the rock so clearly that its source might as well have been in the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri screamed for help, but his plea were drowned out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram and Elrahet must have heard him because both regarded Mandri as if he were insane. Somehow they were still standing, even unbothered. Then the whistling jumped into a higher pitch, and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin jumped with it. A tickling pain spread from his belly to his head and toes, and he rolled onto his side and began to squirm. His eyes rolled around in their sockets, twitching and turning as if a bug was biting his ocular nerve. Then the whistling jumped again and he lost all control of his lungs and abdomen. His chest began to pound in sympathy with his heart, then all his limbs convulsed. Elrahet reached out to keep his head from thumping against the stone, but just as she did, his stomach retched, his chest heaved, and a dim gray formless cloud spewed out out his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The strange cloud hovered just above his lips for the briefest spell, and then the whistling shifted its register again, higher still into a pitch reserved for spririts, and the smoke shot right towards sun-pricked wall. It filtered through the stipple-pricked holes. Mandri turned to watch the cloud leave. He lost sight of it for a moment against the bright midday sky, then found it again as it dove towards the distant column of Hrks arrayed on the desert. As it fell, the whistling fell into a drowning timbre, until, with a flash, the ball of smoke and the whistling were snuffed out altogether, apparently swallowed by a figure at the head of the Hrkan column\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a figure much shorter than the rest and robed in black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears could recover their tuning, the Hrkan horn of war sounded out again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWWWEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeoooooooommmm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sound loosed a terror inside his gut, and he felt the urge to yelp again, only he physically couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. His throat was somehow absent. His lungs were belted flat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s happened!?\u8221\'94 Ayram yelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet gathered Mandri up in her bony clutches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at me!\u8221\'94 she croaked, and upon seeing the fright in Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes, she shouted \u8220\'93Breathe! Breathe in, you idiot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to gulp the air, but could not draw any of it in. He could make no sound, not even an odd squelching sounded as he swallowed, for his whole mouth was as dry as his teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve stolen it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stole what!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His breath!\u8221\'94 Elrahet lamented. She squeezed Mandri\u8217\'92s ribs, but it was fruitless. She pried open his jaw and peered into his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted as he left the room. \u8220\'93Get the pokes blooded up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grunted, dropped Mandri, then followed, leaving Mandri alone to writhe and die on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Grim acceptance quickly settled in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He realized he was fine with this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wished only that asphyxiation weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so uncomfortable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But every man should die how he lived, and an uncomfortable, frustrating end would match neatly with his own beginning and middle. At least the sound of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s iron bar clinking against stone was a nice measure for the pulse of his burning lungs. But soon even that was lost amongst the yip and din as a band of the hardest pokes prepared themselves for battle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri looked upon the walls filled with dead giants. He felt a strange sense of kinship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He closed his eyes and prepared to join them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then he waited.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He waited a while.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He waited so long that the burning hysteria in his lungs began to fade. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He began to reassess his situation. After all, why should he die? He was a Sparkless Mazid, and if he did not need water, or food, perhaps he did not need air either.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shout rang out from the desert, reminding Mandri that death could come through other means.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He peered through the hole in the wall. The Hrks were close enough now that he could distinguish faces. They looked quite upset. Another command was barked and those fearsome Vessels quickened their advance, bracing their white, oblong shields against each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Twenty paces later, and Minting Rock let loose a discordant chorus of twanging bowstrings which tailed into a hushed, fluttering phhht as arrow fletchings brushed the sky. Ten paces later, and that flock of black arrows fell upon the hide of the onrushing Hrkan column. Most of these missiles bounced harmlessly away, but some snuck over and under the shields, marked here and there by a scream and a sudden tumbling. A slew of triumphant yips followed as several Ayramun all took credit at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These little victories did nothing to slow the Hrkan advance. Every gap opened by the felling of one soldier was closed in quick-step time, and when, at last, it was clear that the Hrks would not scatter and flee, the yips of the Ayramun turned into stressed appeals for Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intervention. The more practical among them sprinted from room to room, trying to find steeper angles to fire upon their onrushing enemy. Soon enough, the Hrkan advance tucked themselves up under Minting Rock\u8217\'92s bulging belly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Mandri heard a noise which froze him solid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Chink-}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It sounded like a chisel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Chink}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was coming from below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He peeked out a hole, but Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bulge made it impossible to see the action below. He only caught glimpses of upturned shields, and in the center of each, the gold-eyed Hrkan sun was looking back up at him with dumb indifference.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK-TINK-TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The chiseling was getting louder, faster, accentuating the roars of Hrkan men possessed by the spirit of battle. Somewhere far below, in Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance well, limbs were getting hacked to pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then came a loud stone-splitting crack and the whole of Minting Rock lurched. The movement rolled Mandri against the wall, and he scrambled to his feet as the sound of crunching rock ran through the room.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CRRRCKKKKkkkk-krrrk-kkkkkk-k}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All went suddenly silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were no shouts of struggle below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No clash of sword on shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For a brief, glorious moment, every Spark, from man to flea, forgot their affairs and shared a startled, fearish feeling, and this glorious communion might have lasted forever if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t split by the sound of that damned chisel striking stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A long, jagged crack exploded into the floor of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s burial chamber as Minting Rock lurched again. The dust of ages shook loose from the ceiling as another jolt shook the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The crack in the floor opened wider.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shuffled aside as a thunderous boom sent that crack darting across the whole length of the floor and up the sun-stippled wall, fracturing the chamber in two. Another sudden crunch, and the chamber\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole left side slid down an inch before coming to a rest on some new fault in the foundation far below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, fear pulsing in his chest, tried to yank one of the giant corpses out of its hole, but only its arm came loose. He tossed the limb onto the ground and jumped into the space it once occupied. The very moment that he tucked in his legs, the opposite wall started to collapse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first thing to go was Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clay oil lamp. It jostled loose from its perch and smashed onto the floor, splashing licks of oil and flame onto either side of the bisected room. Then the seams in the ceiling burst, shooting a jet of smoke down, flooding Mandri\u8217\'92s grave with dust, obscuring the air so completely that he could not see the hail of stone come crashing down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What he did see, after wiping the dust from his eyes, was the awesome sight of the opposite half of Minting Rock falling away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Haunting screams split the air as those Ayramun stuck on the wrong side of this split-open stone grasped their certain doom. Three men jumped across to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, but others were not so spry. A ragged, fear-stricken woman straddled the half-shorn wall of what once was a tunnel. Mandri watched in terror as she rode the undone structure down into a billowing cloud of dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shut his eyes against the deafening crash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He prayed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Or, he tried to. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d long forgotten the words. He bit his tongue and hoped it was the thought that counted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked down, and the shock of this dizzying height elicited mute laughter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a finger ago and he was content to die and now he was deathly afraid of it. Something about the sight of a hundred foot drop through a swirl of rust-colored smoke was doing wonders for his sense of self-preservation. Beyond that, the bright desert stretched out forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shout sounded out below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shout of straining effort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri watched intently as the swirling smoke lifted to reveal a swarm of white Hrkan cloaks, some moving amongst the crumble of black rocks, some deathly still. Then some of the rocks moved, some jumped out of the structure still left standing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these were Ayramun in their dark, dusty rags.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once again, the battle was joined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri leaned back into his grave. There was no clear way to get down, not that he wanted to. He was happy to be stuck. No matter who won down below, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be safe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK-TINK-TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demon that had split Minting Rock like a geode was not finished. This time, Mandri could feel the chisel tinks resonate all through the rock around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He curled up, wrapped his head in his hands and tried to shut out the horror. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, because his sense of equilibrium remained, and it screamed bloody murder as his half of Minting Rock began to tilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first it was only a slight shifting as the rock swayed away from the melee down below. Then came a loud clap of snapping stone and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perch swayed precariously back the opposite direction. He scrambled to grab hold of something, to stop himself from spilling out of his hole and into the open air, and thankfully the corpse next to him was stuck in place by the crust of its own juices.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the tilt was steep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just as Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip began to slide, a storm of faulting joints bursted below, and a great plume of smoke shot up from the ground. Mandri\u8217\'92s half of Minting Rock swayed back away yet again. It dithered there, letting the dread get nice and settled in Mandri\u8217\'92s belly, until, at last, there came a shattering CRACK! and the structure began to fall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri braced himself inside his tomb as the horizon fell out of the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole structure rolled onto its back like a freshly halved melon. If there were clouds, they would have been zipping by, but there was only the atmosphere, that gradient of blue shifting into a deeper blue. For the first time ever, Mandri noticed that the desert sky is a bluer blue than any other. And then it was all swallowed up by a cloud of black-red dust. Then a suffocating blur of sand and stone. As Mandri began to realize the horror of being buried alive, his rock grave snapped open, its back sprung loose like a tensioned lever, and he was catapulted him into the air. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He flew low above the surface of the earth. Such was his speed that he smashed right through the brambles of an adventurous karkle bush before tumbling into a ragdoll skip along the surface of the warm, red-orange sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he finally came to a stop, he found himself half buried in a fledgling dune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled himself free from the sand, tried to spit some of it out of his mouth, but this was impossible without any air in his lungs or moisture in his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He then rubbed his eyes open and was surprised to see that his scrawny self was still holding together. The shoulder which had borne the brunt of impact wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even scratched. There weren\u8217\'92t any bones sticking out. The demon bite on his leg was still smarting, but Moteah\u8217\'92s poultice had survived that flight and was still knotted tight. Everything else was where it was supposed to be. The only thing that truly hurt was a deep abrasion blotting the left side of his face, as it had bit the sand. Still, that was nothing. Considering everything, that was nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been tossed almost fifty yards and was no worse for wear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meanwhile, what was left of Minting Rock had collapsed into a heap of rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a miracle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a miracle coming after a string of miracles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By rights he should be dead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dead several times over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Count them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His chest had been carved open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A demon had bit him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His very breath was stolen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been swallowed and spat out by an avalanche of rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yet, here he was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He smiled at the bright blue sky and blinked at the sun. He felt, in that blessed moment, that he was staring into the Spark of Solraheen. Perhaps this rapture would have drawn out some special revelation, and he might have become, then and there, the most devout of all possible men, but it was not to be, for a Hrkan Vessel was creeping up behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Die, you rangy lizard!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned and saw a mustachioed man in a sparkling white robe running at him, spear held high. Despite the look of fury and rage twisting this soldier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t frightened. Instead, he felt a confidence brewing. If he was supposed to be dead four times over, then what was a fifth?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He held up his hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soldier stopped his sprint. He seemed almost disappointed to see the act of surrender. A proud curve swelled his chest, and he stomped over to where Mandri knelt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My luck I should catch a coward,\u8221\'94 he grumbled. He held his shining spearpoint towards Mandri\u8217\'92s neck and beckoned with its tip for Mandri to stand up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walk,\u8221\'94 said the soldier, and he pointed with his spear in the desired direction, towards a detachment of white cloaked men standing some thirty yards away from the cloud of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s seething rubble. Those men stood shoulder to shoulder, watching it all as if it were something they\u8217\'92d seen a dozen times before. Perhaps they had. They were big, bearded men. Possibly veterans of many battles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri cringed as his captor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spear prodded the small of his back. He walked towards the Hrkan line. He marched to the squeal of stone as Minting Rock\u8217\'92s bones slid into their final resting place. There was still a faint clamor of battle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 breathless shouts of fury, a staccato burst of excited yips, punctuated by twists of agony.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first actual figure to pop out of that smoke was Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, the heroic Zosan, of all people, should survive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He climbed up onto a tall, slanted chunk of former floor. With one hand he steadied himself, and with his sword he deftly waved off three Hrkan spears poking at his ankles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah came scrambling out from a hole in the nearby rubble, and as soon as she came she disappeared back into the swirling cloud of dust. Two Hrkan cloaks chased after her, but both came to a sudden, fluttering stop after something swung out of the dust and slammed into both chests at once\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a bone-crunching WHUMP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They both collapsed to the ground. Standing over them was Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant was so covered in dust that he looked like a creature borne from the Sand itself. The upper part of his robe was hanging in tatters over his waistband like it were half-molted skin. His long black hair, freed from his headwrap, was sweeping his shoulders clean as he twirled his blackened iron spear like it were a reed. He thrust it down and smashed its knobby end right through the skull of one of the fallen Hrks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The blood-crunch was so loud and gruesome that Mandri almost tripped on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The three Hrkan men who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been hassling Moto turned their pestering spears towards the giant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They screamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram charged them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He swung his spear in a swooping arc, and that famed Vessel discipline went to Shis as Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s iron smashed the first Hrk\u8217\'92s shield into a cloud of splinters. In a blur, the chisel-head swung around and sliced right through the face of another Hrk. The final hapless soldier charged and stabbed, but such was Ayram\u8217\'92s speed that his iron was around again in time to brush crack the spear in two. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Vessel backed away in fright. He picked up a rock and threw it at Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, and before Mandri could see how Ayram dealt with it, he felt another sharp prodding in his back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on!\u8221\'94 his captor shouted, apparently unconcerned about his comrade\u8217\'92s plight. He was more interested in getting Mandri to the Hrkan line. So impatient was he, that he took Mandri by the wrist, upped the pace to a jog, and yanked a grimacing Mandri along behind. Moteah\u8217\'92s poultice was a soothing balm, but that demon-bitten leg wasn\u8217\'92t capable of handling a run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After much fumbling and stumbling, they reached the Hrkan detachment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was thrown down to the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His captor set the cold point of his spear on the back of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck to keep his head bowed in supplication. This Vessel then pounded his chest twice, the standard Hrkan salute, and with the snap of a well-drilled soldier he declared, \u8220\'93My sirs, I\u8217\'92ve found another skulking bandit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri overcame the fear of the spear pressing against his neck to peep at the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sirs\u8217\'92 this soldier was referring to. One of them was standing right in front of him. It was a child. A boy, robed in black. Mandri stole a second glance and realized that it was not a boy, but a creature. Its skin was pale white and completely hairless. It was so short that Mandri, kneeling, met the freak eye to bloodshot eye. Shielding this creature\u8217\'92s nose and mouth was a smooth iron plate riveted onto a leather band that wrapped around its jaw. It was a strange sort of muzzle, with only a small beveled hole for sipping air, and, Mandri presumed, for whistling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This could only be the Mazidariga.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its eyes were a child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, large and curious, yet their whites were so red that their edges were weeping blood, and worse still, the creature seemed unbothered by it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next to this child was a short bald man clad in the blue robes of a Hrkan scribe. All the fat on this man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body seemed to have settled in his face, giving him a curiously large head for his diminutive frame. It was such an incongruity, and scribes were such venal creatures, that Mandri wondered if this man had bribed some youth for the use of their body. It was either that, or he, next to this Mazidariga, was a fleshcrafted work of the Hrkan Lords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This scribe did not look at all pleased to see Mandri. No scribe ever was, for scribes of rank were learned men of acquired power, and they kept their silver sunrose brooches bright and blinding. They put so much effort into setting themselves apart that they could sense when someone didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe looked down at Mandri, and with plain derision he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another wimp lurking in the rubble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Riga child coughed, as if clearing his throat of sores, then said through its muffling mask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He smells.\u8221\'94 There was no hint of menace in the child\u8217\'92s words\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was merely a statement of fact. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does he?\u8221\'94 the scribe asked, thoughtfully. He leaned forward and brushed aside the neck of Mandri\u8217\'92s robe. The sight of the scar on Mandri\u8217\'92s chest drew his smile wide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, wonderful! You\u8217\'92ve found our Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes sir!\u8221\'94 the soldier said proudly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe crossed his arms and waited for some extra act of obeisance. When it never came, he said to the soldier, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If the Mazid is still moving then his Minder must have survived the collapse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 the soldier muttered, straightening up. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go find him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d better do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soldier saluted again, then ran back towards the rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you,\u8221\'94 the scribe said to Mandri, \u8220\'93You have committed a grave error. The Law affords you an opportunity to repent of your crime, though I don\u8217\'92t suppose you\u8217\'92ll take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He can\u8217\'92t talk,\u8221\'94 said the Riga.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. Yes. Well, silence is as good an embrace of guilt as admission.\u8221\'94 He smirked at Mandri. \u8220\'93You shall be delivered to the nearest Lord to determine the nature of this misadventure, and then we shall gently, and respectfully, close your mouth forever. A consequence of your crime. Someone take him away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri would have laughed if he were able. All he could manage was a bewildered grin. This naturally slid the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haughty mood into a skeptical, chubby-cheeked chortle. The man then addressed his Riga to ensure the creature had the correct interpretation of Mandri\u8217\'92s insolence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This young man here is doomed. Remember well the expression.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe nodded to a nearby soldier, who then dragged Mandri to his feet and led him behind the Hrkan line to where Seb was being held. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like Ayram, Seb was caked in the dust of Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collapse and looked like a mangled root just dug up from the earth. She was both disgusted and surprised to see Mandri, though she did not speak a word of acknowledgment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right then,\u8221\'94 said the scribe. \u8220\'93Time to sweep this up.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrkan horn gave a bleat and the soldiers lurched into a ridiculous march, a heel-stomping strut. They looked proud to do it, as if the Hrkan Lords themselves were watching. The scribe and Riga walked in front, while both Mandri and Seb were forced at spear point to keep close behind. They all came to a halt soon enough, and the soldiers spread out into a skirmishing line, giving Mandri a cleaner view of the corpse of Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The structure, having split in two and fallen apart, now formed two halves of an impromptu stadium, with the rubble on either side rising step-like into the air, complete with dead spectators oozing out between the cracks of pancaked floors. Staged on the arena below was the giant Ayram. He stood resolute with four dead Hrks at his feet, one with his nose smashed flat, another with his face opened up completely. It seemed that Ayram had the artist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impulse for rearrangement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a man\u8217\'92s face was more pleasing to the eye if it were parted down the middle and hanging down around the shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Behind Ayram, crouching up on the rocks like black-scratchers fleeing an incoming tide, were three of his band\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Moto, the old witch Elrahet, and Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe stepped forth to address them all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The battle is over,\u8221\'94 he said, projecting a firm tone. \u8220\'93Lay down your weapons and submit yourselves to the Law.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This scribe clearly bore no actual expectation that the Ayramun would surrender. This was only a formality, and formalities were honored because formality was what separated civilized men from the animals. The difference between a massacre and the exercise of justice was whether or not it was preceded by an announcement. If one announces what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to do, whatever happens next is the victim\u8217\'92s fault. They were warned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe rolled his shoulders back and puffed out his chest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since you have chosen life outside of the natural laws which govern all creation, you will be dealt with according to the laws of beasts. You shall be caged and sold in the court of the great Lord Hababeen. If you persist in your barbarity, we shall undress your weight with a dull blade and feed your trimmings to the poor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chubby cheeks spread into a frown, as if he weren\u8217\'92t pleased to be issuing his threat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was also a formality. To a man, all scribes were perverted. The strange bureaucracy that surrounds the culling of outland folk attracts them. The closer they held to the letter of the law, the more perverse was the performance, and the more satisfaction they gleaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe motioned for Seb to be brought to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Toss your weapon onto the ground,\u8221\'94 he said to Ayram, \u8220\'93Or all of you shall be carved to the bone, beginning with her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram planted the chisel-tip of his giant iron spear into the sand, but he did not loosen his grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe grabbed Seb by the scruff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it be known that the course of Law was shown, and it was ignored.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled a short knife from his robe and raised it up so all could see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say one last time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 toss your weapon! The Voices demand it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lowered the knife to meet Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram looked like an ancient outland idol, cloaked in the dust of untamed earth, anointed with the blood of weaker creatures. Mandri watched with bated breath as this wildman decided whether or not to surrender to a frail-backed, skinny-fat scribe. Yes, there were Vessels here too, but never in all the turns of the world could such a man surrender to such a man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt an urge to do something. Hearing this scribe talk made clear who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side he was on. Also, Seb had promised him burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But there was nothing he could do. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He watched Seb squirm. He could see the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers sense her desperation. She squirmed, and then she coiled up and seemed ready to unleash a bout of fury, but what came out of her body was a loud, gargling hock, and by Sol, she spat out the most terrifying wad of cloudy green phlegm onto the knife and hand of the Hrkan scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe recoiled in horror at the sight of the flag of snot dripping down the meat of his thumb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You disgusting poke!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He made to wipe it off on Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe, but before he could, Ayram\u8217\'92s spear slammed into his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe was thrown back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A rasping howl issued from his throat as the spear slid halfway through him and pinned him to the sand like a skewered pig.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram had thrown the damn thing. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d thrown it over twenty yards and hit his target square in the chest. Now he was sprinting towards the Hrkan line, roaring like the beast the scribe had named him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The white cloaked Vessels closed rank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to expect next, but it certainly wasn\u8217\'92t the sight of Ayram leaping over a line of stabbing Hrkan spears. The giant came tumbling down behind them and rolled into a run. Five strides later, and he was standing over the scribe\u8217\'92s corpse to reclaim his spear. From there, he turned on the converging Hrkan Skulsi and swung.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wielded that iron spear as efficiently as Mandri could handle a brush\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tight economy of strokes. Twenty-something Hrkan men he had to kill, Hrkan Vessels no less, veterans of battles with bulging calves from all the marching, with manly beards and mule-kicked brows, faces to fear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how many swings of a spear should it take to bring down such a number? Surely this giant would have to waste a twirl or two to parry the swarm of blows arrayed against him. Fifty? If not fifty, then twenty? Mandri might have believed twenty if someone had told him the story secondhand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His disbelieving eyes counted ten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ten strokes to kill twenty hardscrabble soldiers. Ten powerful strokes. And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like Mandri would do in a portrait, where he\u8217\'92d make mistakes and wipe them away until he got it right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no room for error here. Every sweeping stroke was deliberate and precise. Truly, these bloody, gut-splattered shapes in the sand were the marks of genius. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When it was over, Mandri wondered why any of it was necessary in the first place. Ayram could slaughter the world and none could stop him. But as the last white cloak fell, Ayram dropped to his knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a long bloody gash running down his ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He had not been perfect, if perfection was such a thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant drew a shaky breath and called for Moto. Moto came running to offer aid, but Ayram shooed him away and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill the rat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first, Mandri thought Ayram was talking about him. Then he thought Ayram was referring to Seb. Moto went sprinting past them both to chase after the Mazidariga child, who was running away into the empty desert, running as fast as his little legs could carry him.}}