{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella found the two brothers squatting on top of the naked mage, sniffing scale oil from a wooden bowl. She startled them  from their little reverie with a question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hasn\u8217\'92t woken up, has he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two brothers, Jel and Goreet, looked at eachother with blank stares, and then at Pella. They really did look as much like lizards as humans could possibly look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I take it that\u8217\'92s a no?\u8221\'94 Pella asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trying to answer a question while high on scale oil was like trying to sprint through a tar field. The jaw just doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work right. All the muscles in the head get gunked up, even the tongue. The brothers could never hold a conversation - they just hissed their way through them. Other than the high, the hissing was part of the reason why they sniffed so much scale oil, they thought it made them act more like lizards. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So Jel and Goreet just smiled and nodded and hissed through the teeth that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d filed to points. That was the closest they could come to looking friendly. No one ever smiled back. It wasn\u8217\'92t just the sharp teeth; long ago the brothers had  lopped off the tips of their noses so that they resembled reptilian slits, and a lifetime of sniffing scale oil had turned the whites of their eyes a grimy green-yellow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella rapped their shoulders with her cane to shoo them off the unconscious mage. She wanted to get a better look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Goreet stood up he pointed down at the mage, who was lying face down in the sand. It seemed to Pella that he wanted to show her something, but he could only get out three words: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mage not man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mages are strange creatures,\u8221\'94 Pella said, \u8220\'93but they\u8217\'92re still men nonetheless. Maybe this one is skinnier than usual, but mages don\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 have}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to be fat. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a common misconception. It\u8217\'92s the quality of what\u8217\'92s in the stomach that matters, not how much is there. If a mage is skinny then he\u8217\'92s  probably quite powerful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She prodded the unconscious mage in the ribs. He was as skinny as a child, and looked barely older than one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those glyphs tattooed on the skin aren\u8217\'92t normal either,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never seen anything like them.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella traced the outline of a large black symbol that was tattooed on the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back. Everything but his neck, face, and forearms were writ with intricate arcane symbols. His skin otherwise was as white and pale as can be, almost transparent. There was no pinkish hue to him, though the stark, orange light of a campfire has a way of warping color, so she couldn\u8217\'92t tell for sure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hand me a knife,\u8221\'94 Pella grumbled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Goreet pulled a blade from his boot and held it out to Pella.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, you do it,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93Split his wrist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Goreet squatted down and picked up the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right arm. With his thumb steadying the flat back of the blade,  Goreet pushed his knife into the mage\u8217\'92s wrist like he was peeling a fat quava root. Dark blood poured out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella reached down, pulled the bleeding wrist from Goreet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grasp to inspect. She had to push Goreet out of the way so that the flickering firelight could better catch the color of the blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t red, or black like someone who\u8217\'92d spent too much time in the Samlan Waste. It was a deep, dark blue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella stood up. The mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrist slipped from her grasp and fell into the sand. She turned and held up her own fingers closer to the fire. A little blood had gotten on them, and it sparkled blue as she rolled her fingers round.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This can\u8217\'92t be right,\u8221\'94 she mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked back at the mage. Goreet and Jel were standing over him. If they were surprised by the blue blood their numbed faces wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have be able to show it. They didn\u8217\'92t seem to care. They had turned the mage over, put him belly up, and Goreet had kicked his legs apart so that Pella could get a good view at the naked mage\u8217\'92s crotch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t anything there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Goreet was pointing at the absence of flesh, and repeated what he had said earlier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s groin, from the belly all the way down, was completely smooth, just like a statue carved out of the age of Zeladeen when artists were so concerned with decency that they skipped the sex organs altogether.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 INSERT bit where someone says they saw him raising his arms, swirling hands/using hands to summon magic. Pella is like OH SHIT.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kind of creature are you?\u8221\'94 Pella wondered aloud. She stood like that for a moment, as if contemplating the best way to run. Eventually she grunted and told the brothers to tie their captive to a staff. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gorett took his own oak spear and planted it in the ground. Pella shook her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I mean put it on his shoulders and bar his arms apart. We need to splay them out, keep his hands from doing anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By now a few other Ayramun had wandered over to see what was going on. Seculla seemed the most interested of the lot. She was kneeling next to the mage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body, trying her best to divine the meaning of the intricate tattoos. Out in the desert, tattoos are ugly things, scratched and scrawled and imprecise. The fractal patterns on the mage\u8217\'92s chest were cleaner, sharper, than a human hand could make, and each pattern was composed of smaller patterns, tiny swirling lines, that seemed thinner than any needle write.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Pella rapped Seculla\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s outstretched arm with her cane.\u8220\'93Careful child,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You were born in the empire - don\u8217\'92t you recognize what he is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Seculla.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is he?\u8221\'94 someone else asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few more Ayramun were crowding around now and their long shadows cut up the light. There were seven of them standing there, including Pella. The rest of the twenty-five Ayramun who had survived were spread about the cave, dealing with the loss of their friends in their own private ways. Some shed tears, some tried to make busy to keep from thinking about it, but most were just too tired to do anything but lay down with a pipe of freeweed and be with themselves in silent grief. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella wondered how many of them were thinking thoughts of giving it all up. She knew she had to do something. The moment seemed ripe for a sermon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just tie him up,\u8221\'94 Pella said, \u8220\'93then bring him closer to the fire. And where\u8217\'92s Elrahet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bitch sulks in Underworld. Where she belong, I think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella spun round to see little Hill. The man was only four and a half feet tall, but he was Pella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s biggest annoyance. She was about to smack him in the throat with her cane, but Seculla leapt to Elrahet\u8217\'92s defense first. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet didn\u8217\'92t do this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who else?\u8221\'94 Hill asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was him,\u8221\'94 Seculla said, pointing to the mage. Goreet had propped him up and was holding him steady while Jell tied his scrawny arms up to the haft of the spear.  \u8220\'93At least I think it was him,\u8221\'94 Seculla said. \u8220\'93I saw him raise his arms to the sky, and that\u8217\'92s when...I saw a flash come from his body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bullshit,\u8221\'94 Hill snorted. \u8220\'93I saw a bolt come down from storm. Elrahet\u8217\'92s storm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet is what saved us\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93Believe me when I say this creature would have killed us all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is he then?\u8221\'94 Hill asked, but Pella did not answer. She instead motioned for the Lizard brothers to stop }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s tight enough. Now bring him over to the fire. And someone with a heart go fetch Elrahet out of the dark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella liked to say that to be an Ayramun was to be tied to a wheel of pain the size of a calendar year. As it revolves it grinds the Ayramun into the frenzy of the fight, it mixes them with all the excitement and passion they can handle - but then it keeps rolling along and suddenly they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re pulled right out of the blood and guts and into interminable boredom of waiting for it all to come back around. Sometimes it\u8217\'92s more than a year until the next bit of action, sometimes it\u8217\'92s much less. The way the Ayramun operated meant there\u8217\'92d never be too much risk and so there\u8217\'92d always be too much waiting. It was only bearable because they never lost. But now, they\u8217\'92d lost half their number, and Ayram was unconscious on the floor of their cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To make matters worse, the blast that killed their friends had also destroyed the caravan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wagons and whatever was in them. The pickings were so poor that they could fit inside a single man-sized sack. Only Mandri and Purloin bothered to sort it all. The two were busy at it by the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Still not found a scrap of gold,\u8221\'94 Purloin complained as she pulled a half-shattered iron cookplate out of the bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a fleck of it,\u8221\'94 Mandri affirmed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purloin, called Purl, was such a waifish, half-starved looking thing that she made Mandri look well-fed. She was also missing her right arm, a fact which leaned into the running joke that time was turning her into a lockpick, being so thin, knobby, and unbalanced as she was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had already given up hope that there was anything valuable tucked inside the few rusted tinboxes he was pulling out of the bag. There was only the affects of men roughing it on long march: melted sticks of lye soap, cheap coins, spoons, and little levers for handmills. Junk. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri grew more and and more frustrated by the sight of each new trifle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I even scoured that crater,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Not a fleck of gold in it. Gold should have survived that blast. If a tin-box and barrel bands survived, gold should have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No gold,\u8221\'94 Purl moaned. \u8220\'93Even if we melt this all down, it comes to what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shook his head in disgust. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not worth thirty Ayramun, that\u8217\'92s for  damned sure. This shit ain\u8217\'92t worth lookin\u8217\'92 at.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stuffed the tinboxes back into the loot bag and tightened the drawstring as tight as he could. He then laced the opening so that nothing could fall out - not that it mattered if anything fell out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, we should toss this trash,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s worth something,\u8221\'94 Purl argued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well I\u8217\'92m not hauling it. You gonna do it? You can hardly carry yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll get someone to help,\u8221\'94 Purl said defensively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get who? There\u8217\'92s like ten of us left.  All the stuff we need to carry, and you want to carry this shit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sunken eyes glared out at Mandri. \u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t leavin\u8217\'92 that ambush with nothin\u8217\'92 to show for it!\u8221\'94 she snapped. \u8220\'93You wanna leave thirty dead friends for nothin\u8217\'92, you go ahead. But I\u8217\'92ll make them count for somethin\u8217\'92, and I\u8217\'92ll bet theres at least one other who does too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shrugged off Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s indictment with a smile.\u8220\'93But that only makes it worse, doesn\u8217\'92t it,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Thirty dead for a pocket of silver somehow feels worse than thirty dead for nothin.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl rose to her feet and pointed her finger at Mandri. Her voice was thick with acrimony as she accused him of having no heart. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet you don\u8217\'92t even care and never did. You don\u8217\'92t like anyone. You say it all the time. I bet you don\u8217\'92t even care that Sentee, Cally, and Poor are dead. What are you even here for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I don\u8217\'92t care?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leather bag of scrolls was nearby, the one\u8217\'92s with the stories of the Ayramun. He reached in and grabbed a handful of them, and right of the top was Sentee\u8217\'92s. Hers was a familiar story - cast out into the Sand because of something she\u8217\'92d done. Then picked up by Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pointed out the thick letters he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d printed at the top of the page to Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see this?\u8221\'94 he asked her.  \u8220\'93This spells \u8216\'91Sentee\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tossed the scroll into the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl crossed her arms and feigned indifference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah yes, here\u8217\'92s Cally too. And Poor. And Jor, Iltwin, and For. They\u8217\'92re all dead, too. Won\u8217\'92t need these then. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing!?\u8221\'94 Purl shouted as Mandri made to toss them into the flames. Mandri stood there with a quizzical frown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you say I don\u8217\'92t care, then I guess I don\u8217\'92t care. Spent all this time getting to know them, but your right, it doesn\u8217\'92t mean anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hell is wrong with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You almost seem more upset at me for tossing these papers away, than at Ayram for tossing away their actual lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gall of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words echoed around the cave, pricking the ears of any Ayramun who were trying to shut out the bickering. One by one they turned their eyes turned to the fire, squinting in disbelief, wrinkling their noses at the stink of Mandri\u8217\'92s insinuation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl, for her part, was trying piece together what Mandri had just said. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard him alright, but like the others, couldn\u8217\'92t believe he went at Ayram like that. She even tried to repeat the words, to dress them up with derision and trivialize the matter, but found she couldn\u8217\'92t do it. To blame Ayram for anything, when you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 knew}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  him, was impossible. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was starting to get a sense for the attention he was drawing to himself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? I\u8217\'92m just saying that it\u8217\'92s weak to try to make them that\u8217\'92s dead }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 mean}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  something when they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. Accept that they\u8217\'92re dead and they died for nothin.  Accept facts as facts - Ayram screwed up, put us out on bad info, and then people died. We lost. And when you lose you don\u8217\'92t get somethin\u8217\'92 for it so stop tryin\u8217\'92 to get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We didn\u8217\'92t lose,\u8221\'94 Purl said through clenched teeth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This sure as hell ain\u8217\'92t winning. What would you call this empty cave? Seems like a whole lot of losing to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We didn\u8217\'92t lose because this ain\u8217\'92t over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And just what is all twelve pounds of Purloin the bone-bag going to do to the Empire?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to do what Ayram said we\u8217\'92d do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram? You still believe in him? In one night we\u8217\'92ve lost half of what we\u8217\'92ve gained in twenty years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The weight of the attention thrown at the fire knocked the two out of their little spat. But Mandrameen was a pure-blooded Jandrian, proud and resolute to the last. He would stand by his convictions. His voice rose to challenge the heightened tension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not interested in merely surviving out here, if you can call this surviving,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93If we\u8217\'92re going to die by the dozens, we should to be closer to Jeket, closer to the people whose lives we\u8217\'92re trying to change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella was near to the fire. Close to him. She was looking right through his skull with the eyes of a hungry lion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yesterday, there was what, fourty of us? Today there\u8217\'92s fourteen. There\u8217\'92s over a million people in Jeket! Five hundred thousand spread out on the coast near Shul. We\u8217\'92re not the ones who are going to toss the Empire out of Jandri. If the war is going to be won, its the people who are going to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella spat into the flames.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Ayram that\u8217\'92s going to win this war,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I spent twenty years, longer than you\u8217\'92ve been alive, trying to stir Jeket into fury. Jeket\u8230\'85 Jeket had a hundred years to do something about the terrors inflicted on them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri scoured the blinking darkness for a sympathetic face. He need just one pair of eyes to match his gaze, to share his confidence and give it right back redoubled. But he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see well enough into the dark. If there was any agreement there, it was hidden in the shadows of their faces. There was only Purl and Pella. They, and the mage, were the only ones near enough to the fire for Mandri to read.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, I used to be you,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93Young and ignorant. Using every \u8216\'91mistake\u8217\'92 leadership makes as a prop for your own ideas. You just haven\u8217\'92t lived long enough to be disappointed by how the world works. I won\u8217\'92t hold it against you. But you need to shut up now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s the gold, Pella?\u8221\'94, Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sit down, boy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m only asking a question. Where\u8217\'92s the gold?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The gold is right here you idiot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The mage?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The MAZYDEI!\u8221\'94 Pella croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All eyes turned to the naked mage. The Mazydei. The Spark of the Schisma Guilds. General of the Empire. The most powerful being on the continent. To a cultish band on the edge of the continent trying to strike a blow to the Empire, he was the most valuable thing in the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. You sad, pitiful creatures.\u8221\'94 Pella said. She then mocked their complaints. Not just Mandri either. She paced up and down the fire, scanning the darkness for sad faces as she mocked their wekness. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Boo-hoo, there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s no gold! All these deaths with nothing to show for it. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m sorry to burst your pity party, but we\u8217\'92ve got a Mazydei in our midst. Does that not liven you up a little bit? Oh, now you\u8217\'92re speechless, Mandri? Does this not meet your criteria for success?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind was reeling at the revelation that there was a Mazydei on the floor of their cave. He\u8217\'92d only ever seen a Mazydei once, when he was a little boy. A Mazydei general led an Imperial column through the streets of his city of Belize. But that Mazydei had been a giant - ten feet tall and as stout as an ox. The twiggy creature that lay there helpless in the sand seemed another kind of thing altogether.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But he\u8217\'92s so small,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered in disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s why I missed it at first,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93But make no mistake. This is no man or woman. See here -\u8221\'94 She pointed the mage\u8217\'92s smooth crotch, at the absence of genitalia. Then she pointed to it\u8217\'92s belly. \u8220\'93And no belly button either. This thing was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 made}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , not born. And you all saw what it was doing on the Juneii road. Summoning power with its hands. Not power through the stomach, through words. Not power through blood. Power through its hands. Only one kind of creature can do that. Only one kind of creature does that while marching in a column of Imperial elites. A Mazydei. Why he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s so small, I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is he doing out here?\u8221\'94 came another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve no idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence. Pella got annoyed at the silence. A headless chicken. Wished they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d take a little more initiative.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t given a sermon in more than thirty years. Not since my time as Nearest to the Emperor. Not since Ayram found me half-dead in a cell in Uttariz. I haven\u8217\'92t preached because Ayram\u8217\'92s always been here to whip your souls into shape. You\u8217\'92ve never needed to hear what I have to say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I mean what I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 really}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  have to say. Not the chirps and dangles to cure your spits of laze. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m talking bout the kinds of things that got me this -\u8221\'94 She pointed at the old scar which wrapped around her neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So now Ayram\u8217\'92s hurt, and some of you\u8230\'85 not just Mandri\u8230\'85 I look around and see the sorriest set of faces I\u8217\'92ve ever seen. It\u8217\'92s sad that an old shit like me, with a foot in the grave, demands less pity. Is that what you want? More pity? Is that what you\u8217\'92ve been fighting for this whole time, to get a bit of pity for your troubles?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, sure, you can grieve. Or, you could steel yourselves and be Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One of the eight. Maybe this one is the ninth. And here he is, kneeling before us. My younger self would quivered at the thought. A impossible dream, but here he is.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All eyes turned to the Mazyd. Dawning apprehension. Of course he was no mage, no mage looked like him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you understand, now, why there\u8217\'92s no time for grief, much less pity. It\u8217\'92s a time for action. It\u8217\'92s always a time for action, but maybe now you fools can see it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They all just stare at the Mazyd for a moment. There was hushed silence as all eyes turned towards the mage. He was hunched over his knees, arms splayed out behind him, tied to the staff. The side of his face was flat against the dirt. The black patterns on his back seemed to shift as the firelight shifted. This had not been a defeat. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d capture the most valuable thing in existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do we do with him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He stirs!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella looked over, and indeed the Mazyd was moving. Before, his breathing had been almost imperceptible, but now his whole back and ribs were heaving, filling his lungs with air. Pella hobbled around him to get a look at his face. His eyes were blinking wearily, as if the even weak light of the campfire was too much for them to take. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s waking up!\u8221\'94 Pella exclaimed. \u8220\'93Good! Good. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. A Mazydei. You all know what they are - weapons of war. But for me they are something simpler, yet more powerful. They\u8217\'92re proof of a simple and incontrovertible truth - that the rich and powerful are not so powerful as we. Think of it: kings, queens, and little princes are so scared of us, so scared of losing control that they resort to pulling abominations like this one the void to serve them. But shadows of power can only birth shadows of power.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella was reaching into her memory now. Her final sermons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kings. Queens. Princes. They strut around in parades and give gifts to eachother and genuflect in scripted rituals designed to reinforce the pyramid of power, but it's all a sham, because underneath their blue satin sashes are squishy necks that are slit just as easily as any other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella stabbed the Mazydei\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s torso with her cane for effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They try to pretend that they are special. Kings. Queens. Princes. They pretend that they\u8217\'92re not born swimming in afterbirth like the rest of the human race. They imagine that they\u8217\'92re born clean and powdered, that their skin is softer and better suited for the deep blue velvet. That their pudgy little hands know just what to do with a diamond encrusted rattle. The narrative of their lives is crafted even as they sleep; I\u8217\'92ve seen it myself: slim little courtesans leaning over royal cribs, whispering, \u8216\'91Doesn\u8217\'92t she look }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 exactly}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  like a little queen?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92. The rest of the howling babes grow up into common folk. Into You. Into me. And what is our lot, according to them? According to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 him}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella prodded the Mazyd again as she said it. No one answered her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well go on. What is our lot?\u8221\'94 Pella asked again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Hill who ansered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To endure them!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Endure and }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 obey}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Pella corrected. \u8220\'93They claim that it if it wasn\u8217\'92t the will of Sol for us to be poor, for us to suffer, then it would not be so. They claim that they have all the money, land, and pleasure because it is Sol\u8217\'92s will. After all, if that wasn\u8217\'92t true, then it would not be so!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Boos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s not Sol\u8217\'92s will that takes grain out of the mouths of the poor. It\u8217\'92s not even the paid thugs and traitors who do it. It\u8217\'92s not Sol who pulls the Mazydei out from the pit of Hell. It\u8217\'92s Kings, Queens, and Princes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By now the Mazyd was coming to. His head was off the ground. His back was arched. His eyes were open. Pella was too rapt up in her sermon to notice it.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t take a brilliant mind to see through it. It takes a hungry one.  Every time a fat king refuses to buy grain at the ancient price, or debases the currency to pay for his wars of vanity, or kicks out a Jandrian tribe from sacred land -\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More boos. A few disorderly shouts and curses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what happens. Yes! You are what happens ! Hold on, Tenny, put your knife away. Someone take Tenny\u8217\'92s knife from him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like the way he looks!\u8221\'94 Tenny shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once order was restored, Pella continued on with her sermon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This pitiful dried cunt is a Mazydei. Light of the Empire. Wise and powerful. The culmination of centuries of art, alchemy, and fleshcraft, stretching all the way back to the great Saulistides. Leaders of men. Immortal. But the thing you really need to know is this: do not trust them. You think you\u8217\'92ve neutered the beast because you\u8217\'92ve cut off his hands, but his most potent weapon is his tongue. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazydei never lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Sure. You can trust their naked words. Trust their statements of fact, sure. But you can\u8217\'92t trust }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 them}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Trust }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 me }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 when I say that there is deceit behind every truth they tell.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that the Mazydei spit a wad of blue blood at Pella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? Something to say, demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not true.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Coming to your defense?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We do not lie. We are not deceitful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella let out one of her usual apathetic grunts. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, child, what is your name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazyd Oro.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazyd Oro\u8230\'85\u8221\'94  Pella repeated. The name fell out of her mouth like she was already bored of hearing it. She looked over to the rest of the Ayramun and brought them into the conversation with familiar shitbagsihds. \u8220\'93It means Eighth Light. That\u8217\'92s what it means. Mazyd Oro. Eighth Light. They number themselves like that. There used to be only seven Mazydei. I\u8217\'92ve met all of them. But here they\u8217\'92ve gone and made another.\u8221\'94 She turned back to Oro. \u8220\'93So, Oro - and you\u8217\'92ll forgive me if I dispense with formality here\u8230\'85Mazyd Oro is too much for me. So, Oro, do you know who I am?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This time Oro spoke up. There was a tinge of disgust in his voice.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were once Nearest to the Emperor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And my name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will not say it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A stifled laughter rumbled throughout the cave. The Ayramun took pride in their surrogate mother. Here she was, a woman who demanded respect from even the Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s greatest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Pella didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh. She didn\u8217\'92t even smile. Pyetle wondered if she even could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 Pella said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve always wondered about your numbering. First Light, Eighth Light\u8230\'85 If the Mazydei\u8217\'92s names are ordered like that then there has got to be some purpose to it. Maybe there\u8217\'92s a hierarchy - but that never made sense because you all seem to be interchangeable. One day I would be dealing with Mazyd Elay, and the next day it was Mazyd Por, with no variance in their abilities, knowledge, or affect. It was as if they were the same entity, occupying different bodies. So, and you\u8217\'92ll have to tell me if this is true, do you number yourselves just to cater to our silly human sensibilities?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t call it silly,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t think an ineffiecent cultural artifact like naming is beneath you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Names are practical things.  How else would you distinguish one person from another?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But is there any point in distinguishing one Mazydei from another?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would we do it if there was no point?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I want to know. Ever since I was a little girl I\u8217\'92ve suspected that the Mazydei are one being. One being, but putting on a front for us humans. You know, \u8216\'91This is Mazyd Oro and this is Mazyd Pel\u8217\'92, but really, you\u8217\'92re all the same mind. Is that how it is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not exactly, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then how is it, exactly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can not say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is impossible to condense our nature into something you could grasp. Any attempt would only create more misapprehension than is already there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Same, same, Mazydei. Never change Mazydei.  You think you\u8217\'92re better than us. No. You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0   you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re better than us. But just look at you. And you\u8217\'92re supposed to be an improvement, no? You\u8217\'92re the newest version. The Eighth. The best the Empire has to offer, yet here you are, reduced to a dry, quivering cunt. But you\u8217\'92ve got this\u8230\'85 this blindness to your own faults. Just look at you. You\u8217\'92ve lost. You\u8217\'92ve lost everything that matters but .No one likes the smell of their own shit more than a Mazydei.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We do not shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We literally do not shit.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it\u8217\'92s not coming out of your asshole, idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theres a kind of stillness when Pella didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get the laugh she was expecting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She means that the shit is coming out of his mouth. See its a play on words because she\u8217\'92s saying it\u8217\'92s coming out of his mouth. His words are shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mean to cause offense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever profane concoction the guild uses to brew your minds, it goes a little heavy on the arrogance. You would be formidable if you were more modest. Folks would like you more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Getting your skull caved in is the worst way to lose track of time. Next worst is a night of fitful sleep, but of course that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t compare. Sleep can be said to be a lived experience inasmuch as one\u8217\'92s dreams are remembered.  Even without them, the passage of time is always somehow estimated so that as soon as you step out of bed there is that sublime sensation of being reinserted into the natural flow of things - not so with a knockout blow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More to the point, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Ayram came to, there was a dull, throbbing ache that radiated out from the top of his head where the rock had cracked open his skull. He brought his hand up to the wound and dabbed it gingerly with his fingers. They trembled upon a smattering of dried blood which had matted his hair. He then continued to follow the pain to its source, near the crown of his skull. There he found that he could push down on a flap of skin and a cracked bit of bone. As he traced the outline of the cavity, a sharp pain shot out and ran around to the back of his head, constricting his skull like a python. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         He must have been out for hours. Maybe days. He had no way of knowing }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oddly, it was still raining.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re awake!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         It was old Pella. She rushed to his side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were set up!\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked, confused even as to how he was alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a setup! There was no gold!\u8221\'94 Her raspy voice was quivering with excitement and rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram tried to blink the blur out of his vision. He was in a cave somewhere high in the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long was I out?\u8221\'94, he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For the better part of a day\u8230\'85 There was no gold, Ayram.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram winced, half in pain, half in exasperation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That storm that Elrahet magic\u8217\'92d up conjured a bolt\u8230\'85 bigger than any I\u8217\'92ve ever seen... it took out the entire caravan. It took out Papillian and Colm, too, and nearly you. But that magus survived!\u8221\'94 Pella pointed to the naked figure who lay crumpled and unconscious near the cave\u8217\'92s mouth. His pale body was covered in black glyphs and arcane symbols. Blood pooled around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He has not yet awoken. I haven\u8217\'92t told the boys yet, but he\u8217\'92s no mere magus. We cut}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 off his hands\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I think he\u8217\'92s one of the Emperor\u8217\'92s Salisians,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93Only four Salisians in the world, and one of them is here... He was here to kill us! Ayram, we were set up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram struggled to take it all in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who was your man in Jeket?!\u8221\'94 Pella asked, stressing the urgency of the moment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who baited us into this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram closed his eyes and gritted his teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A man named Salavan Saran.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 End on Salavan Saran / I bet that storm is hitting mudwater right now.}}