{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Problem:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Need them to be box-in in the temple}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bad solutions:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Medium beast - do this in Amalgamete battle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Swarm - do this in climax battle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Potential solutions:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Greskalun gone crazy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Problems - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab Tribe appearing from nowhere meme}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab Didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Greskal eat them???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab Sacrifice???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 How to separate Ayram, because before he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d been leaving to delay the Hrks.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 \tab \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where is Ayram!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 \tab \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He must have seen the Greskalun before they saw him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Look:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab They appear, capture/kill everyone. Force everyone, Ayramun + Hrks together into the Temple.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Children of Greskalun}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Problems}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Too weird.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Massive beast}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab What is it????}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Naked man standing in the middle of the path. Gaunt, scrawny as a pilgrim, but obviously not one, for where pilgrims valued cleanliness, this man was slathered in dirt. His body was so starved and skinny that whatever personality he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had was gone to make way for the skull. Only his eyeballs maintained their fullness, and they swiveled in their sockets with an uncanny brightness, darting between Seb and the rest of the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sun\u8217\'92s up,\u8221\'94 Seb said. A typical outland greeting, but the man did not reply. He traded in his hungry, pleading look for a menacing scowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s hungry,\u8221\'94 Motaeh said, and she began to fish around in her pack for a loose morsel he might eat, but Moteah .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay back!\u8221\'94 Elrahet snapped. \u8220\'93His belly!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sign of Schisol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Upon seeing their disturbed faces, the man traded in his menacing scowl for a smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto drew his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93, demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mirror-grime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 You should not draw up water which you cannot\~reach\~(}{\f3\fs20\b0\i1 1 ms. has instead:}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0 \~grasp): it will make you weak.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its eyes are equipped with nictitating membranes (transparent third eyelids) which protect the eyes from flying dirt while the  badger is digging. Small well-furred ears also help.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Falling from the mountain brow}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 scrap of shadow}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Javelina chew as they walk so bits and pieces fall from their mouths, sometimes leaving a short trail.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }{\f4\fs24\b0\i0 The self is grime on a mirror.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Wipe the grime from the mirror.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your guess is as good as mine,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay here, and stay hidden,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to see what they want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram paused a few yards outside the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gate, forcing the scribe to cross the greater distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the horse and rider finally neared the giant, Ayram laid down his spear. And though the scribe was high in his a saddle, they met almost eye to eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you Greskal?\u8221\'94 The rider asked, impressed at Ayram\u8217\'92s size.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The answer took the scribe by surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you the master of this tower?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram glanced behind him and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This tower has no master. As you can see, it is empty, save for me and mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stern man said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We know that the Mazidobo resides in this tower.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So it does,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then bring it forth. I wish to speak with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can speak with me,\u8221\'94 said Ayram gruffly. \u8220\'93I will pass your message along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not the time for games,\u8221\'94 he warned. \u8220\'93We found the body of the Mazidariga of Shuls out in the desert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, has the Mazidobo lost its flame? We saw no scorch marks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are welcome to test that interpretation, should you wish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe sneered and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We know the Mazidobo has acquired some means of reversing the Mazidariga\u8217\'92s charm. We know that it escaped the leash of his Minder. We wish to come to terms with it, so as to avoid any further loss of life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse was growing more perturbed by the moment. Its eyes were wide and its nostrils flared and it kept trying to resettle its rider, as if preparing to bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell the Mazidobo, that as we speak, a battalion of Hrkan Skulsi marches into the eastern mouth of the Goree Pass. At their head is the Mazidurn. Behind me, as you can see, is a column of swords, and coming up from the south, from the Solgi, is the Mazidban, who shall be with us shortly. As such, you are all surrounded, and should it come to it, you }{\f5\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be overwhelmed. There is no way out excepting the event in which you and yours peaceably disarm yourselves, and the Mazidobo offers itself up into my charge. In exchange, all lives will all be spared, and the Mazidobo shall be allowed to retire from service after submitting to examination. We do not need violence here, nor do we want it. More than anything, we want the Mazidobo alive, for we wish to learn from its malfunction.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t much like those terms,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe frowned and his horse bucked slightly, sharing its rider\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not a matter for you to decide,\u8221\'94 the scribe said. \u8220\'93Bring my terms to the Mazidobo, or bring the Mazidobo and I\u8217\'92ll tell it myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram stroked his beard. He looked up at the sky, arced his shoulders, and he drew in a breath that could fill an ox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach, enough air to think for a good long while. In the intervening silence, the scribe\u8217\'92s horse began to clip-clop its agitation, bouncing the scribe uncomfortably in his saddle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Settled down you crooked beast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gave his horse a foul kick in the ribs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An unleashed Mazid would be no good for any of us. But if it will only speak to a Mazid, then we will have to wait, for the Mazidban will not be here for at least another hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe bit his lip in frustration. He looked up, took in the tower, then spied the long distance behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93But I won\u8217\'92t do this business in the shadow of this accursed place. We\u8217\'92ll meet where the tower\u8217\'92s shadow meets the light of Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With the sun approaching its noontime zenith, the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow extended out into the desert a mere forty yards or so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before the scribe and his horse ran off, he said,  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no sense in playing me, poke. There\u8217\'92s nowhere to run if you resort to trickery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen shines on us!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 soon Mandri was so far behind that he rarely caught a glimpse of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beige robe, much less anyone else beyond her. He chased the sounds of their paddling feet until he came to a fork in the road. He didn\u8217\'92t know which way to take, for the Ayramun had charged ahead without sparing a care for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before he could get too panicked, a packless, Elrahetless Ayram came sprinting back from the leftmost way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep up!\u8221\'94 he growled as he charged towards Mandri. It seemed as if the giant was about to tackle him, but the man stuck his iron spear into the sand and vaulted right over Mandri\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  They were arguing about something, and as Mandri approached he heard Moto say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85and no lip. And that goes for you too, Seb. You\u8217\'92ve been getting all uppity it\u8217\'92s time to stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb soured at this sudden turn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t give lip. I give the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I swear,\u8221\'94 said Moto, glaring. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got me halfway to breaking your jaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They all made way for Mandri and Ayram to join their huddle in the shadow of an oblique standing stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was the one to answer Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s questioning look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t carry all this,\u8221\'94 he said, pointing to Ayarm\u8217\'92s propped up pack. \u8220\'93We have to stop and sort it out.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrkan Riga stole our Mazid\u8217\'92s breath. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m in charge,\u8221\'94 said Moto firmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Riga stole Obo\u8217\'92s pseudospark, so he\u8217\'92s going to steal the Riga.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All by himself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened. He pointed a finger at Moteah and declared, \u8220\'93Then }{\f5\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  carry it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah scoffed and got right up into her brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93How about, for once, }{\f5\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 take up the weight when Ayram gives it to you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the muscles in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders tensed up, and like a slapback lizard unfurling its frills he rolled his shoulders back to puff his chest. The siblings might have come to blows if a wad of borcandi juice didn\u8217\'92t go flying right between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry it,\u8221\'94 Seb grumbled. \u8220\'93If\u8217\'92n it means you two stop bitchin\u8217\'92 and we can get on with it. I\u8217\'92ll carry the damn thing. Sol\u8217\'92s sake, lash it to my spine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93We stop here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We make our stand here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought we were going to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is perfect spot. There\u8217\'92s scraps of shadows everywhere. The Hrks will come in thin, then we\u8217\'92ll snag the Riga and keep running.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what about\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Het will take Mandri up ahead. He\u8217\'92ll be the bait. The rest of you...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of them were already dumping their packs and preparing for a fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the fight was upon them before , }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah-HA!\u8221\'94 he exclaimed triumphantly. \u8220\'93As I predicted.\u8221\'94 He was a zosan, dark skin, with a natural limp in his step. The soldier next to him fumbled with his horn, but the scribe caught his elbow. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a little soon for that, don\u8217\'92t you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stood straighter. His nose flared as he sniffed that elevated air of authority, and shouted towards the Ayramun, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you\u8217\'92ve given up the chase! There is no place where we would not have followed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked for the riga, but did not see it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You pokes never learn. When you try draw up water you cannot reach, the effort makes you weak. You end up worse off than having nothing at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Well pleased with his proverb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hand over the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about a trade?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have nothing I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, you misread the situation. That Mazid already belongs to the Lordship. It is a simple matter of retrieving it. If you do not resist we might\u8230\'85well\u8230\'85to be honest, you should probably resist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For there, a naked child with a distended belly sporting Schisol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s swirl stepped up to the edge. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Look around in utter confustion, not least the scribe. He turned to a nearby soldier and commanded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You there, bring that thing down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said bring it down, not kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And stepped forward, the child had thrown a rock right at his head. And crumpled him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto turned to leave, but as he did, a black shadow scurried through Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s threshold. He yelped and jumped back, and good thing he did, for standing there, framed by the doorway, was a demon roach the size of a dog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had an oily-black shell and human hands sprouting out the ends of its segmented legs. Its face was an unholy mix between an insect\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s and a man\u8217\'92s, flat and bug-eyed, lidless, staring up at the ceiling. Its mouth gulped the air like fish out of water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get back!\u8221\'94 Elrahet shouted, but Moto and Moteah were already on their way, swords drawn. Mandri retreated all the way back to the statue of Solraheen. He would have climbed up onto Solraheen\u8217\'92s lap if he didn\u8217\'92t consider it to be sacrilege.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only a hag-beetle,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said as the creature climbed up onto the wall. \u8220\'93It does have a spine inside its shell which can kill\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 careful when it opens.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both Moto and Moteah did not look eager to engage. Mandri clung to Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet pointed to the demon and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stiffen up and kill it!\u8221\'94 She sneered at Moto\u8217\'92s shoulder rolling gutlessness. She was about to hit him with her cane when ten more hag-beetles scurried in from outside.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What now!?\u8221\'94 Moto shouted as he aimed his sword at the lead beetle advancing along the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet said simply, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Run.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fear rooted to Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side as Seb and Elrahet rushed by and fled into a hall nearby. Moto grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s robe by the collar and yanked him along. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t find his feet until he got over the thought of Elrahet\u8217\'92s incompetence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if she could see the future, she should have been able to see a swarm of demons trapping them in this temple. Either she couldn\u8217\'92t see very far, or she\u8217\'92d led them here on purpose.}}