{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F33BAqF0tCM"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F33BAqF0tCM}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fraser MacBride}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When philosophy study meta-philosophy, they can\u8217\'92t do philosophy anymore. I\u8217\'92ll stand behind Russell and Moore and the other early analytic philosophers.. The aim of philosophy is to give a picture of the whole of reality, the fundamental things in it, and the most important ways in which those things are related to one another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - my conception is still philosophy as such; philosophy as model optimization and transversal of the possibility space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course this is a blank cheque, because you want to know what \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91generality\u8217\'92 means, or what it means to be \u8216\'91fundamental\u8217\'92, what are important was of being related, what does it mean to be related. This is a rough shape for what things should turn out to be, and it distinguishes philosophy from science in the following fashion - in contrast with science, philosophy concerns itself with the fact that such and such are the *only* kinds of things there are. Because of its general character, philosophy also enters into question of exclusion, about what there isn\u8217\'92t in reality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Philosophy is further removed from the tribunal of experience than any other discipline. The underdetermination fo theory by data is far greater there than elsewhere -Quine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As such philosophy is far less certain than any other discipline.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How order arises in the world and how thought directs itself upon these things.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The question of realtions is one of the most important issues in philosophy, as most other things turn on it. Order is one of the most fundamental things about the world, events are arranged in space and time, events have causes, configured upon the laws of nature, can be measured. How is any of this possible? If order}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 isn't possible then we will have to condemn what science and common sense say about the world to the bin of appearances and self-contradictions. If there is no order then the true reality which cannot be ordered will be confined to inscrutable something concealed behind the phantasmagoria of number, space, time, and matter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and indeed that was exactly the conception that bradley proposed in 1893 in his appearance in reality}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the world we encounter because it fundamentally consists in things related to one another in these ordered ways}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and cannot ultimately be intelligible must be mere appearance because order is unintelligible so reality must be something}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fundamentally unordered but which since we don't encounter it remains ultimately inscrutable to us}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  so far as moore and russell's were concerned nothing said by a philosopher}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 could possibly justify drawing the conclusion that there was no order in the world}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 we are far more certain of the findings of science and common sense than of the validity and soundness of any philosophical argument deployed against them. The reasoning here was later developed by}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 moore um in his defense of common sense realism about the external world he famously offered to refute the skeptic by holding up his hands and saying here are hands and he thought that namely here or two external external world items and he thought there was no philosophical argument you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 could raise against the validity and soundness of that argument who whose character was more certain than the argument that i just gave\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 so it's because we have we are certain or relatively certain of what science and common sense tell us the philosophy has to ultimately to be constrained to make sense of what science and common sense say to understand how ultimately the things said by science and common sense can hang together in a unified synoptic world vision}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ffirming that relations are necessary to our world view doesn't tell us what relations are and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 10:18}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 what i'd like us to talk about a little bit today is some of the specific accounts that russell provided}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 10:24}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 microexplanations if you will of how relations actually actually succeed in fulfilling the metaphysical responsibility fall into}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 10:30}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 them of explaining how order arises i said earlier that um so i'm skeptical}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 10:36}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of there being any uh fulfilling or deeply enlightening meta philosophy}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the first which arose in around 1903}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 11:40}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is the view that relations are essentially endowed with what frege called sense or sometimes direction not to be as}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 11:45}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 confused with  frege\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s notion of sense for those who are interested in frege. this view was destined to become the mainstream view amongst philosophers indeed i think it still is the mainstream view amongst philosophers}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 11:58}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 um let me point you to what he says here. A relational proposition may be symbolized by A or B where R is the relation and A and B are the terms. okay now we get the idea of direction that is to say it's a characteristic of a relation of two terms that proceeds so to speak from one end A to the other B and this is what we call the sense of the relation and as is we shall find the source of order and series in the world. Things can come from first, second, and third, is that there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a direction involved, applying first to A, and then to B. From this we get the converse relation, which is the ralation that holds between B and A whenever R holds between A and B. The difference between an asymmetrical sign and its converse. E.g. John is taller than eve, eve is shorter than adam.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Russel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s synonomy arguemnt}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before and after only differ linguistically, there is not a different reality corresponding to them.  - Neutral theory of relations. Relations dont have a direction they dont travel in one way rather than another. This view was dropped, and russle returned to his early view that relations are inherently directional.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two theories of relations, two theories of judgement. 1.) propositions were essentially external items}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Avoid the fate of idealist philosophers, to maximise our exposure of the human mind to what there is in reality, not hide behind the veil of apperances. So they made the contents of our minds the propositions not internal arrangements of ideas but actually identified the propositions with combat with complex unities composed of the very entities they were thinking about}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When russell declared to russell in 1901, that when you think about Mont Blanc, Mont Blanc and all its snow fields is literallly a constituent of your thought, theres no intermediary that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re aquainted with which gives you access to that proposition rather your thought which is directly out and encapsulates mont blanc with all the snow feilds thats what we\u8217\'92re all doing right now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Judgement is then conceived as a binary relation between a subject and a proposition conceived of.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S judges that P - gives the logic form of judgement. A subject to a proposition is a unified complex entity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Russell and moore started to worry about what is this complex entity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First theory said that judgement was a binary rleation between subject and proposition - true and false.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His second theory was that judgement is a multiple relation. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a relation which doesn\u8217\'92t take you between a subject and a single proposition, but takes you between the subject and all the things that intuitively speaking that proposition is about.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1910 paper - nature of truth and falsehood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A loves B. This consists of a relation of the person judging to a and love and b. i.e. to the terms A and B and the relation \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91loves\u8217\'92, but the judgment is not the same as the judgement b loves a, thus the relation must not be abstractly before the mind but must be before it as proceeding from A to B rather than from B to A.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The corresponding complex which is to make our judgements true consists of a related b by the relation which was before us in our judgmenet. The idea is, instead of hte mind simply embracing a proposition you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re to imagine the cognitive tentacles reaching out from your mind and then touching on the individual elements of a proposition rather as you might touch on the notes of a keyboard to play a melody. It\u8217\'92s the critical order in which the mind reaches out and touches upon the things it\u8217\'92s thinking about that constitutes as being a proposition. And what you think is true when the way in which the judgment relation touches upon the elements that you\u8217\'92re thinking about corresponds to the way in which those things are actually arranged in the world. So the idea is that the fact that Subject judges in this way has enough unity to render a truth valuable, but not so much as to make a mystery of the difference between true and false propositions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So by thinking about truth as an extrinsic property of our judgement rather than intrinsic feature we can see how we can judge false propositions well in order to get the theory precise. What you have to do is explain what it means for the cognitive tentacles to touch upon the elements of a proposition in the right order in the right way and to conceive of the relation proceeding from a to b. What does it mean to hold a relation before the mind is proceeding from a and b, well that was where russell devoted his attention. Then Wittgenstein arrived on the scene. So here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the anti-hero of our story. Russell was writing about these views in his theory of knowledge manuscript which he abanded as a result of criticism\u8217\'92s in 1913. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I showed wittgenstein a crucial part of what I\u8217\'92ve been writing and he said it was all wrong, not realiesing the difficulties that he had tried, my view and knew it wouldn\u8217\'92t work, I couldn\u8217\'92t udnerstand his objection, in fact he was very inarticulate but I felt in my bones that he had seen something that I had missed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Witt- I believe it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s obvious that from the proposition A judges, say that A is in relation R to B, that, correctly analyzed, the proposition A or B or Not A or B must follow directly without the use of any other premise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 every right theory of judgment must make it impossible for me to judge that this table pen holders the book russell's theory does not satisfy this requirement proper theory of judgment must make it impossible to judge nonsense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 quoted cd broad from 1925 this is from his um mind in this place}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 26:13}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 in nature he said i'd like to know what this is what this means actually in the meanwhile i retire to my well-earned}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 26:18}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bath chair from which i shall watch with a fatherly eye the philosophical gambles of my younger friends as they dance to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 26:24}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the highly syncopated pipings of hair wittenstein's flute\~}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem of false propositions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The American philosopher\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norman_Malcolm"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Norman Malcolm}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~credits\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piero_Sraffa"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Piero Sraffa}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~with breaking Wittgenstein's hold of the notion that a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proposition"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 proposition}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~must literally be a picture of reality by means of a rude gesture from Sraffa, followed by Sraffa asking, "What is the logical form of\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?"}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophical_Investigations#cite_note-Malcolm-3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~In the Introduction to the book written in 1945 Wittgenstein said Sraffa "for many years unceasingly practiced on my thoughts. I am indebted to this stimulus for the most consequential ideas in this book". }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wittgenstein develops this discussion of games into the key notion of a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Language-game"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 language-game}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . For Wittgenstein, his use of the term language-game "is meant to bring into prominence the fact that the speaking of language is part of an activity, or of a life-form."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophical_Investigations#cite_note-:1-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~A central feature of language-games is that language is used in context and cannot be understood outside of that context. Wittgenstein lists the following as examples of language-games: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Giving orders, and obeying them\u8221\'94; \u8220\'93describing the appearance of an object, or giving its measurements\u8221\'94; \u8220\'93constructing an object from a description (a drawing)\u8221\'94; \u8220\'93reporting an event\u8221\'94; \u8220\'93speculating about an event."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophical_Investigations#cite_note-:1-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~The famous example is the meaning of the word "game". We speak of various kinds of games: board games, betting games, sports, and "war games". These are all different uses of the word "games". Wittgenstein also gives the example of "Water!", which can be used as an exclamation, an order, a request, or an answer to a question. The meaning of the word depends on the language-game in which it is used. Another way Wittgenstein makes the point is that the word "water" has no meaning apart from its use within a language-game. One might use the word as an order to have someone else bring you a glass of water. But it can also be used to warn someone that the water has been poisoned. One might even use the word as a code by members of a secret society. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Investigations}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~deal largely with the difficulties of language and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meaning_(philosophy_of_language)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 meaning}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Wittgenstein viewed the tools of language as being fundamentally simple\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophical_Investigations#cite_note-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 a]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:No_original_research#Primary,_secondary_and_tertiary_sources"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1\super non-primary source needed}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super ]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and he believed that philosophers had obscured this simplicity by misusing language and by asking meaningless questions. He attempted in the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Investigations}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to make things clear: "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Der Fliege den Ausweg aus dem Fliegenglas zeigen}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to show the fly the way out of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fly_bottle"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fly bottle}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophical_Investigations#cite_note-7"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The individual words in a language name objects\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sentences are combinations of such names. In this picture of language, we find the roots of the following idea: Every word has a meaning. This meaning is correlated with the word. It is the object for which the word stands. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The essential point of this exercise is often missed. Wittgenstein's point is not that it is impossible to define "game", but that\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 even if we don't have a definition, we can still use the word successfully}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ernest_Gellner"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ernest Gellner}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~wrote the book\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Words and Things}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , in which he was fiercely critical of the work of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ludwig_Wittgenstein"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ludwig Wittgenstein}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._L._Austin"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 J. L. Austin}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gilbert_Ryle"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gilbert Ryle}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antony_Flew"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Antony Flew}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/P._F._Strawson"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P. F. Strawson}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and many others. Ryle refused to have the book reviewed in the philosophical journal\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mind_(journal)"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Mind}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(which he edited), and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bertrand_Russell"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bertrand Russell}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(who had written an approving foreword) protested in a letter to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Times"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Times}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . A response from Ryle and a lengthy correspondence ensued.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophical_Investigations#cite_note-36"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 35]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Besides stressing the differences between the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Investigations'}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Tractatus}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , there are critical approaches which have argued that there is much more continuity and similarity between the two works than supposed. One of these is the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Wittgenstein"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 New Wittgenstein}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~approach.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hacker argues that these are indeed problems, only not empirical ones. They are conceptual problems and puzzlements that are to be dissolved or resolved by logico-linguistic analysis. It follows that scientific inquiry (learning more facts about humans or the world) does not help to resolve them anymore than discoveries in physics can help to prove a mathematical theorem. His 2003 book "Philosophical Foundations of Neuroscience", co-authored with neuroscientist\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Max_Bennett_(scientist)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Max Bennett}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , contains an exposition of these views, and critiques of the ideas of many contemporary neuroscientists and philosophers, including\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francis_Crick"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Francis Crick}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antonio_Damasio"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Antonio Damasio}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Dennett"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Daniel Dennett}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Searle"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 John Searle}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and others. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Hacker"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Hacker}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hacker in general finds many received components of current\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophy_of_mind"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 philosophy of mind}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to be incoherent. He rejects\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Type_physicalism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mind-brain identity theories}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , as well as\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functionalism_(philosophy_of_mind)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 functionalism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eliminative_materialism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 eliminativism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and other forms of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reductionism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 reductionism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . He advocates\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Methodological_pluralism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 methodological pluralism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , denying that standard explanations of human conduct are causal, and insisting on the irreducibility of explanation in terms of reasons and goals. He denies that psychological attributes can be intelligibly ascribed to the brain, insisting that they are ascribable only to the human being as a whole. He has endeavoured to show that the puzzles and 'mysteries' of consciousness dissolve under careful analysis of the various forms of intransitive and transitive\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consciousness"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 consciousness}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and that so-called\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qualia"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 qualia}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~are no more than a philosopher's fiction. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Russell despised psychologism; he wanted a strict and clear relationship between analytical language (in logic and mathematics) and the physical world. Even as early as the\~Tractatus, Wittgenstein was focused on trying to deal with the paradoxes and outright holes in Russell\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s kind of analytical philosophy, though in the\~Tractatus\~he was merely looking for a means to limit philosophical language to what actually could be rigorously representative. By the time Wittgenstein got to the\~Investigations, he was fully committed to the idea that language was social and conventional, not objective and analytical, and while there was no way that Russell could refute that, there\u8217\'92s also no way that Russell could accept it without abandoning his own life-project.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Thi s stun g m y vanity an d I ha d difficult y i n quietin g it . }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 "When they (my elders) named some object, and accordingly moved towards something, I saw this and I grasped that the thing was called by the sound they uttered when they meant to point it out. Their intention was shewn by their bodily movements, as it were the natural language of all peoples: the expression of the face, the play of the eyes, the movement of other parts of the body, and the tone of voice which expresses our state of mind in seeking, having, rejecting, or avoiding something. Thus, as I heard words repeatedly used in their proper places in various sentences, I gradually learnt to understand what objects they signified; and after I had trained my mouth to form these signs, I used them to express my own desires."  - Augustine}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 These words, it seems to me, give us a particular picture of the essence of human language. It is this: the individual words in language name objects\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 sentences are combinations of such names.\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 In this picture of language we find the roots of the following idea: Every word has a meaning. This meaning is correlated with the word. It is the object for which the word stands. Augustine does not speak of there being any difference between kinds of word. If you describe the learning of language in this way you are, I believe, thinking primarily of nouns like "table", "chair", "bread", and of people's names, and only secondarily of the names of certain actions and properties; and of the remaining kinds of word as something that will take care of itself. Now think of the following use of lang }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 That philosophical concept of meaning has its place in a primitive idea of the way language functions. But one can also say that it is the idea of a language more primitive than ours. Let us imagine a language for which the description given by Augustine is right. The language is meant to serve for communication between a builder A and an assistant B. A is building with buildingstones: there are blocks, pillars, slabs and beams. B has to pass the stones, and that in the order in which A needs them. For this purpose they use a language consisting of the words "block", "pillar", "slab", "beam". A calls them out;\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 B brings the stone which he has learnt to bring at such-and-such a call.\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 Conceive this as a complete primitive language. 3. Augustine, we might say, does describe a system of communication; only not everything that we call language is this system. And one has to say this in many cases where the question arises "Is this an appropriate description or not?" The answer is: "Yes, it is appropriate, but only for this narrowly circumscribed region, not for the whole of what you were claiming to describe." It is as if someone were to say: "A game consists in moving objects about on a surface according to certain rules . . ."\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 and we replied: You seem to be thinking of board games, but there are others. You can make your definition correct by expressly restricting it to those games. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A child uses such primitive forms of language when it learns to talk. Here the teaching of language is not explanation, but training. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An important part of the training will consist in the teacher's pointing to the objects, directing the child's attention to them, and at the same time uttering a word; for instance, the word "slab" as he points to that shape. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This ostensive teaching of words can be said to establish an association between the word and the thing. But what does this mean? Well, it may mean various things; but one very likely thinks first of all that a picture of the object comes before the child's mind when it hears the word. But now, if this does happen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is it the purpose of the word?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Yes, it may be the purpose.\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I can imagine such a use of words }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But if the ostensive teaching has this effect,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 am I to say that it effects an understanding of the word? Don't you understand the call "Slab!" if you act upon it in such-and-such a way?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Doubtless the ostensive teaching helped to bring this about; but only together with a particular training. With different training the same ostensive teaching of these words would have effected a quite different understanding. "I set the brake up by connecting up rod and lever."\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Yes, given the whole of the rest of the mechanism. Only in conjunction with that is it a brake-lever, and separated from its support it is not even a lever; it may be anything, or nothing }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We can also think of the whole process of using words in (2) as one of those games by means of which children learn their native language. I will call these games "language-games" and will sometimes speak of a primitive language as a language-game. And the processes of naming the stones and of repeating words after someone might also be called language-games. Think of much of the use of words in games like ring-a-ring-a-roses. I shall also call the whole, consisting of language and the actions into which it is woven, the "language-game". }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {11. Think of the tools in a tool-box: there is a hammer, pliers, a saw, a screw-driver, a rule, a glue-pot, glue, nails and screws.\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The functions of words are as diverse as the functions of these objects. (And in both cases there are similarities.) Of course, what confuses us is the uniform appearance of words when we hear them spoken or meet them in script and print. For their application is not presented to us so clearly. Especially when we are doing philosophy 1 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {12. It is like looking into the cabin of a locomotive. We see handles all looking more or less alike. (Naturally, since they are all supposed to be handled.) But one is the handle of a crank which can be moved continuously (it regulates the opening of a valve); another is the handle of a switch, which has only two effective positions, it is either off or on; a third is the handle of a brake-lever, the harder one pulls on it, the harder it brakes; a fourth, the handle of a pump: it has an effect only so long as it is moved to and fro }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {13. When we say: "Every word in language signifies something" we have so far said nothing whatever; unless we have explained exactly what distinction we wish to make. (It might be, of course, that we wanted to distinguish the words of language (8) from words 'with\'02out meaning' such as occur in Lewis CarrolPs poems, or words like "Lilliburlero" in songs.) 14. Imagine someone's saying: "All tools serve to modify some\'02thing. Thus the hammer modifies the position of the nail, the saw the shape of the board, and so on."\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And what is modified by the rule, the glue-pot, the nails?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "Our knowledge of a thing's length, the tempera\'02ture of the glue, and the solidity of the box."\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Would anything be gained by this assimilation of expressions?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}