{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were three people in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s backpack. Two were dead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Obo and the Riga\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and their elbows, shoulders, wrists, and hips bulged the bottom leather. Elrahet sat on top of them, her head was poked out the top, ancient but very much alive. She glared out at the rest of the Ayramun who lagged behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Faster!\u8221\'94 she barked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The start of the Goree Pass was a gently rising wagon path leading into a wide canyon valley, but Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pace was furious, and he scrambled up a slope to the left, a near vertical scree, and Mandri had a hard time following. At the top was a shelf of sturdy rock, and they bumbled along this parallel road for a finger until it dead ended into a crack which ran right through a solid wall of reddish stone. The crack\u8217\'92s opening was hardly an inch wider than the width of Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulders, but Ayram barreled into it without so much as a stutter step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms and legs bumped and scraped against the striated walls, layers of red and off-red rock stacked on top each other composed dramatic sweeping forms that towered overhead and bracketed a thin, winding strip of bright blue sky. The sun played a game of peekaboo with Mandrameen as he ran along, and such was the height and cant of the walls that the sunlight never touched the mushy pile of sand and fallen rock that was the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri might have savored the scene if he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t having such a hard time keeping up with the blistering pace. The way twisted and bent, right and left, and he was so far behind that he rarely caught a glimpse of Purl, much less anyone else beyond her. He was chasing the sounds of their paddling feet, and that was enough until he was confronted with a fork in the path. The Ayramun had charged ahead without sparing care for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri forced himself up and he scuttled onwards, finding untapped energy in his legs. This new path curved around and almost ran back on itself, then gradually meandered north. The way was rough, and soon a whole hand had passed, measured out by the oppressive eye of the sun as it crossed the thin bridge of blue above. The air was heating up, and unlike the desert proper this air was not so dry as to lick the sweat right off Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin the moment it beaded up. He ran on and on, and the longer he ran, the soggier his robe and brow became. Few feelings are more uncomfortable than that of a soggy lower back being patted by a heavy pack. The vortex of steamy air that emerged there in that gap was a weather system unto itself, and this self-sustaining convection current, shaped by the contours of muscle and spine, was there to stay as he didn\u8217\'92t have time to throw off his pack, rip off his shirt, and rag himself dry.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No backtalk\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and that goes for you too, Seb. You been getting uppity these days, and it\u8217\'92s time to stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb scoffed at this sudden turn. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t backtalk,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I give suggestions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No suggestions, then. I swear, you got me halfway to breaking your jaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Ayram was confident that Seb had absorbed enough of his ire to fall in line, he turned again to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but for now you\u8217\'92ll be following Moto.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto perked up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me? Where are you going?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to scout for the Hrks,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. Then he added, smiling, \u8220\'93and if I happen to smash a demon\u8217\'92s skull on the way, then the world is better for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where you want to meet up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greskalun or no Greskalun, we\u8217\'92re going to Shulgi. If the Mazyd was right, it will be empty. We\u8217\'92ll meet up there, in the highest columned room. If you\u8217\'92re not there, don\u8217\'92t worry\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92ll find you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, he grabbed his iron spear and leapt up the western slope, jumping from rock to rock with a dexterous, grace that defied his giant frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His leaving left an uneasy silence which stayed unbroken until Elrahet growled in disappointment. Without Ayram to carry her, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to walk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She climbed out of the pack and stretched her legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whose going to carry these two?\u8221\'94 She asked, kicking the bag of bodies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, standing a little straighter now that he was in charge, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s time Mandri pulled his own weight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto reached down into Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack and pulled out Obo\u8217\'92s pale and lifeless corpse by the neck. Then he grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s litter and stuffed Obo into it as best he could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry Obo,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93but I\u8217\'92m telling you, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 cannot}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  carry both of them. My back is already near breaking.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto froze, looked Mandri square in the eye and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll do what I tell you to do.\u8221\'94 This was, unquestionably, a threat of violence. Mandri shrank back and raised his hands to surrender. Moteah laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got something to say?\u8221\'94 Moto asked to his sister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on,\u8221\'94 said Moteah. \u8220\'93Look at him. He\u8217\'92s a twig, he can\u8217\'92t carry all that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw went tight. He stood up even straighter. His nose flared as he sniffed that elevated air of authority. He pointed a finger at Moteah and declared, \u8220\'93Then }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  will carry the Riga.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah scoffed and settled into an incredulous pose, hand-on-sidethrust-hip, and not to be outskilled in art of finger-wagging, she flicked hers right back at Moto and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about, for once, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 take up the weight when Ayram gives it to you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the muscles in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders tensed up, and like a slapback lizard unfurling it\u8217\'92s frills he rolled back and puffed his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat a wad of borcandi juice in between the siblings. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry it,\u8221\'94 he grumbled. \u8220\'93If\u8217\'92n it means you two stop barkin\u8217\'92 and we can get on with it, I\u8217\'92ll carry the damn thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no room in your pack,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For Sol\u8217\'92s sake, lash it to my back then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb unshouldered his pack and dropped it at Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. Moto, unhappy with Seb\u8217\'92s act of charity, kept his grudging eyes fixed on his sister as he pulled the limp Riga child up and out of Ayram\u8217\'92s sagging pack. A few wraps and knots of vinecord later, and the dead Riga was fixed into a makeshift harness against Seb\u8217\'92s pack. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bore his new burden with the stolidity of an ox, and he charged ahead into the canyon beyond, though his springy kick-step was reduced to hurried shuffle under the weight. It was a frightful sight, the Riga child. It was swaddled in black from head to toe, bundled like a block of meat, and as Seb walked the child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head lolled from side to side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet followed after him, and then Purl followed after her, and then Moteah brushed by her brother with a smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fit neatly into Mandri\u8217\'92s pack\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92d been squashed down into the side of it, and his arms were folded up and stuck straight up into the air like a rabbit\u8217\'92s ears. When Mandri got the pack settled on his shoulders, the bouncing unset the arms and the elbows went limp and the forearms banged against the back of Mandri\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stopped him from fixing the issue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walk,\u8221\'94 he said, and Mandri walked, and they walked like that until they }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}