{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As the days wore on, Seb began to drop further back in the marching order so that she could deliver sermons to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear. There was the common thread in all these sermons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she didn\u8217\'92t think highly of people. As the days wore thin, she talked more and more about what ridiculousness people got up to without divine governance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She spoke of how, in the distant age of temple cities, there was an Old Jandri custom that forbade anyone from selling land. The purpose was good-natured, as the wise sages of those cities had enough history to know what causes a city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collapse; wealth attracts wealth just as sand attracts sand, and inevitably the wealthiest end up with most of everything. Since the larger mass of people have nothing, they either leave, or simply rebel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To combat this, the city sages decided to prevent the sale of land completely. The law stated that land could only ever be had through inheritance, that way fruitful land stayed in the family, regardless of whether the family was rich or poor. If a childless couple found their work too heavy in their old age, they could adopt a few straight-backed persons to till their fields and reap the harvests, and these surrogate children could stand to inherit on the condition that they provided grain, oil, and clothes to their adoptive parents for as long as the old folks lived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the rich were too clever for it. Judges were bribed, councils were captured, and by hook or by crook they weaseled their way into the lines of succession. This practice carried on for more than one hundred years in the heart of Old Jandri. What began as a few rich, wicked schemers evolved into wicked consortiums of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sons\u8217\'92 who shared pools of silver and gold from which poor landowners were forced to turn to in times of drought, signing over the birthright of their trueborn children to the adopted rich. Such was the depths of depravity that a single man was once the adopted child of five-hundred and fifty-two different sets of parents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By the time common pokes realized how they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been done, all wealth had concentrated into so small a spot it could not be stabbed. According to Seb, this was the birth of the Old Jandri banking system. The pretense of adoption was eventually shed, and more sophisticated systems of accumulation were devised. It wasn\u8217\'92t overthrown until the Hrks put a stop to it. Of course, the Hrks brought wicked systems all their own. Her point was that, even if they were to succeed in killing the Burshageet, peace and prosperity were impossible. Who needs demons to trouble us when we have our neighbors?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She also said there was no point in getting mad about it. All this was only an act in a play. The resolution was coming.}}