{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man who expects too much sets out into the Sand alone. Unbeknown to him, a woman who expects too little sets out from the opposite direction. The two travelers happen to cross paths in the shifting middle of the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Empty Portion. They are hundreds of leagues from any farm or road, hundreds of years from anyone ever setting foot in that spot of the world again. It\u8217\'92s an unlikely convergence in space and time, in the most inhospitable desert, yet the man who expects too much will doubt the significance of this meeting. He actually expects to find a bit of strangeness out in the great sand sea\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 after all, the desert is large but the world is small and full of chance encounters. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looks at the woman who he has stumbled upon and all he can see is the fulfillment of expectation. That is all it is to the man who expects too much. No need to invoke the name of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The other traveler, the woman who expects too little, she is stunned by the significance of the moment. She did not expect to see another person in a place where no one else should be. After all, this part of the Sand is large and full of nothing. For this to happen, for two Sparks to meet in such a wasteland without intending to, well, it could not be a simple coincidence. She and he must have been brought together for some purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Overwhelmed by this glimpse of the divine plan, she turns her eyes to the heavens and invokes the name of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The story ends there. It is nine long lines in the original Old Jandri script, nine lines scratched into an old clay tablet the size of a washing board. Some say the ending is missing, that there is another tablet hidden in a secret vault of some ancient city buried by time, waiting for providence to be revealed. Solitants preach that there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 must}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be another tablet, one which proves that the story is about Solraheen Himself. They say Solraheen is the man who expects too little. The woman is his bride. It is the story of their meeting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But what do they know?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re freaks. Maybe that man was just a man and the woman was just a woman and that\u8217\'92s all there is to it. That\u8217\'92s what Seb Ugluu believed. Sometimes he\u8217\'92d dare to venture even further and say that the man and woman never existed at all and that the story is a fable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d tell anyone who\u8217\'92d listen to his liquored up sermons that this story, the raw events, were not important. What was important was the lesson, and there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a lesson in those nine lines, a lesson that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s made easier to see by asking a few simple questions:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  What would have happened if the woman had journeyed into the desert and made it through safely without encountering a soul? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Absolutely nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And if nothing had happened, would she have glimpsed the divine plan? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Absolutely not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She would have trudged along the ridges of the ergs, her shoulder set against the wind, and she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have given a single thought to Solraheen except to pray for her safety.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She never would have been overwhelmed by His mysteries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She never would have shed a tear at the wonder of chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She never would have turned her eyes to the heavens and laced His name with magnificence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And yet, Solraheen would have been there all the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92d be the lesson,\u8221\'94 Seb would say. Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand is there and it is always there. It is there in the meeting, and it is there in the absence of it. It is there in the pain, and it is there in the pleasure. To be struck dumb by the sight of His plan in one case and not the other is the same as to not see the plan at all. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The key was to avoid expectations. Expectations turn the vividness of the present moment into an ignorable blur. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb liked to put it a little more bluntly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Expectations will get ya up the ass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said it, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, none of this stopped him from having expectations himself. No one is perfect. Not even Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was something of a master of low expectations, because thirty years of living in a desert land that most languages call Emptiness made it easy to keep expectations as low as possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like clouds. Seb did not expect to see clouds. This close to the coast one might have expected to see a bit of moisture pluming the sky but Seb knew better. He knew how the Hias mountains shadowed the Junei hills from rain, how the Istil wind was too weak to carry water up and over those peaks. It was strange because the Hias were hardly mountains at all. The Burgos mountains, those were mountains, fully grown mountains with bald heads and stern granite faces frowning at pilgrims passing by. The Hias were nothing but big mounds of dirt pimpled with boulders. Chins tufted with thornscrub. It seemed like even the weakest watering wind should be able to make it up and over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The winds used to be able to do it, in some ancient age. The evidence was there in the foothills. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d walked the ridges of the Hias and he\u8217\'92d looked east towards the Junei Plain where he could see the lighter orange clay of long-dried washes snaking through the red foothills for as far as there were foothills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, when he was down in those foothills he never noticed the washes. Down there he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only see sun baked clay and that clay is so hard that he couldn\u8217\'92t imagine it had ever seen rain. One night, Seb spit on the ground and when he woke, five whole hands later, that glob of spit was still there. The ground was so hard his spit couldn\u8217\'92t seep into it. Some of that might have to do with the fact that Seb\u8217\'92s spit was thick and sticky from all the borcandi spines he chewed, but still, it proved the point. It was like the ground had been dry for so long that it didn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 to get wet. Like that story of the lonesome spearman who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been at war for so long that when he returned home to the kindness of his wife he killed her. Just couldn\u8217\'92t deal with a good loving. The Hias hills were like that. A lot of the Sand was like that. Hateful. Nothing lived in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Absolutely nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were lizards, but lizards were everywhere so they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count. Piss on a rock, any rock, and some little lizard will scuttle out from nowhere to sip the urine. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Birds don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count either because they\u8217\'92re only passing through. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beetles could be found by ripping the waxy bark off bamber trees. Sometimes Seb would have to bore all the way into the tree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stringy, yellow core to find them. But green crust beetles don\u8217\'92t count as \u8216\'91something\u8217\'92. The problem with them is their shells guard a smell that makes the stomach curl, and that smell can\u8217\'92t be boiled or steamed, so they aren\u8217\'92t good eating, and as far as Seb was concerned, if it\u8217\'92s not good eating it might as well not exist. The only things worth paying any mind are things that kill and the things that keep him alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everything else is nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s men out in the Sand, but men are boring. There\u8217\'92s women, but that\u8217\'92s all Seb would say about them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they\u8217\'92re out there. There were other things too, but mostly there was nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what Seb saw as he stood atop one of the Junei foothills and looked out over the red and empty Junei plain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he saw nothing. Mostly he saw nothing because his eyes weren\u8217\'92t good at seeing way far out. It was mostly a blur. But even if he could see he knew there wouldn\u8217\'92t be a horizon because it\u8217\'92d be lost in the shimmer of a mirage, the kind that looks like water only it's not. A mirage was the perfect metaphor for how Seb viewed the Sand, because it looked like something, but really it was nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lots and lots of nothing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}