{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a dark and stormy night. Guy says \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91dark\u8217\'92 is redundant. This ignores the change in the rhythm of the sentence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 trying to find fault in something that is perfectly fine just because the culture demands you to find fault in it. Like gays.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pirate captain - please surrender peacefully. Damaging cargo hurts profits. I want people to be eager to surrender; Would never hurt - a kind, ruthless pirate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Moral question - morality as a word . Moral agents are made out of ignorance. Every moral question boils down to: What should we do, given ignorance??}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hammer home the - history is written by people who do well, and are priveleged by life. No great writer was born with leukemia. Reality ends up optimistic; but then it chafes because we *all* see the suffering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forget tearing up the sidewalk, like 90% of speedster examples are at stated speed so high that the mere compression wave of them moving through air would undergo fusion reactions }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dash's speed wasn't so great that he was separate from the world he exists in, so his stakes were the same as everyone else's, and it's brilliant. He trips over stuff, gets pincered, doesn't plan his routes, and it gets him in trouble, and thus we're right there with him stressing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's amazing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Incredibles really was lightning in a bottle huh}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You might even say it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 exceptional. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Atma pure self - spark watching the play inside the mind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Debate between buddhists and vedantists on the existence of the self; atman}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Secondary debate on the issue of a god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Threadbare philosophy. Discussed threadbare.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Philosophical debate technique of, whatever philiosophical point you have I will be against it. Because the truth is beyond philsophy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}