{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bin Habeet hunched over the open ledger. He scanned each line with his finger, hoping to find a number and a date that would relieve the pressure of the dreaded \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91End of Month Dues\u8217\'92. He\u8217\'92d already been through half a stack of this year\u8217\'92s accounts, but there wasn\u8217\'92t anything in them that he could fudge. He was already operating at the edges of reality and even so he wasn\u8217\'92t sure he\u8217\'92d break even. As things stood there wouldn\u8217\'92t be enough to match the interest on his loans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Debt was looming on the horizon, and today was the last day he could do anything about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The candle sitting on his desk was flaming out so he lit another. Bin had picked this windowless closet to be his office because the close darkness helped him focus. Out in the light of day his mind had a habit of wandering off. The downside of this closet was that it was comfy-cozy. A simple yawn could lead to a nap without him even noticing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He yawned. Then he rubbed his eyes and tried to shoo off the oncoming sleep by blinking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 something}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But what? But what? But what?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bin shifted in his chair. His sides rubbed up against the closet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s narrow walls. How he\u8217\'92d gotten so fat under this mountain of stress, he did not know. But he had to block that worry out of his mind. He needed to focus. He needed to find the right spot in one of these ledgers to sneak in a sympathetic number. Maybe in the grain shipment logs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But even his men would joke about his belly. They shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He paid them well. He took care of them. A little chuckle wouldn\u8217\'92t have bothered him if they\u8217\'92d included him in it. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a curmudgeon,\u8221\'94 Ben told himself. But his boys would go behind his back and laugh at him. They said he spent so much time in his closet that he that he was taking on its dimensions. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bastards couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t appreciate that he was trying to figure out how to pay them a living wage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bin sighed, closed the ledger, and then took another from the stack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This one was titled, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grain, Months Bel through Filn\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He opened it and started anew on page one of fifty. His stubby finger traced the lines as they recorded the output of his farms down south.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 12th of Bel, 1231 bushels of wheat. 0 of Barley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each day the incoming shipments were less than the day before. An untimely summer drought had slimmed his profit margins.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 15th of Bel, 925 bushels of wheat. 0 of Barley}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s protuberant eyes stared in disbelief at the dwindling of his little empire, the one founded by his father. It was all right there in the clear, ignorant script of the Hrkan scribe. Crisp, black ink.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 16th of Bel, 401 bushels of wheat. 0 of Barley. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he read he noticed the length of the next line in the blur. It was longer than the rest. He tried to will it to say something other than what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d knew it would way. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 18th of Bel, 621 bushels of wheat. 0 of Barley.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - Seized by order of Seculla, wife of Plentyman Desinor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bitch!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Bitch\u8217\'92 was the only word he\u8217\'92d say out loud in his closet office. That bitch had been plaguing his ledgers for over a year. Upstart whore who\u8217\'92d let her marriage out of whorriage go to her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He rubbed the spine of the book down flat with his fatty hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then there was flurry outside his door. A knocking, an indistingushed shout and rustling. Bin was about to turn and yell for the boys to keep quiet, when the door to his little closet flew open and his man Palat stumbled in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Palat was breathless. Nearly couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t \u8220\'93You said to come next time she does it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s doing it!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes sir.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where? Has she gotten there yet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No sir, she\u8217\'92s on the way. And she\u8217\'92s got another mob of shitters in tow. Headed for the barges docked at slips one to ten. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you absolutely sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s got a few men there already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bin pushed Palat out of the closet, shouting \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get out!\u8221\'94 as he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The closet was a kitchen closet, and there was an open door from the kitchen to the alley. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jim stood up, retrieved his sword from the harness hanging off the door, and stormed outside. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Makes it to the docs before Seculla and mob. Dispatch of a few advanced guard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Starts barking orders to undock the barges and push them upriver, to garan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s place, ten in all. Down to the last one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who the fuck tied this knot?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla and mob turn the corner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Starts dumping the grain into water. Wheeling grain gulls and a swarm of fish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mob pulls up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla is like wtf you doin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d sooner offer it to the River than let it be taken by you. You didn\u8217\'92t work for this grain. This is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 my}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  grain.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t look like you worked for this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla turned to the crowd and spoke louder so all could hear. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t look like he worked for this, does it? They have fat bellies in the fields these days?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The crowd groaned and spat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is your name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not afraid of you. You have no cause to take my grain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been selling grain for higher than the High price.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Horseshit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, it doesn\u8217\'92t even matter, because here you are, dumping grain into the Hrk. I\u8217\'92ve seen it with my own eyes. Doing it to spite the hungry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To spite you, you bitch!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since you\u8217\'92ve seen to rob people of their rightful share, they\u8217\'92ll get it from your belly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pulls out }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no no. Don\u8217\'92t just stab. Slice off the fat. Go on. Yes, good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gets back in cart with Pella.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella is like, damn that was good. Slice off the fat. That will be echoing through the streets by day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the idiot poured the grain into the river he gave me no choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I mean what the hell did he think I was going to do with a blood-rushed mob when they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen him do that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perfect. Went as well as it possibly could have.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Would have been better if the people had something to eat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You know what I mean. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But now that its done, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s more important business.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}