{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Sober, Pyetle would take the opportunity to wallow in his depression. Sober as he was, and stuck in the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pit cave, he had little else to do, so he closed his eyes and conjured up the memory which would not let him be: the memory of his father marching out into the Sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle could still recall the excitement of the day. All of Drissel had turned out to see his father off because the prospect that Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Stone could be found by the men of their town was a point of local pride. It was also a holiday, the twelfth of Zun - Sol\u8217\'92s birthday. That meant all the little boys got to chase the Great Demon Damdramood through the streets. Even though Pyetle was only ten, and small for a ten-year-old, it was he who tackled Damdramood and knocked the prop stone out of his hands. As part of the celebrations, he gave the stone to his father. His father joked that now he didn\u8217\'92t have to go, since Sol\u8217\'92s Stone was sitting right there in his hands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His father was marching under the command of a pale Imperial prince, and they were marching out to the Inner Mountain to find. His father was twenty-eight. The pale Imperial prince who rode at the head was just fourteen. Pyetle waved and waved until he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t distinguish his father\u8217\'92s white silhouette from the rest of the expedition. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Later that day, a smithy  could remember those telling him how legendary his father would be, how proud he should be. But Pyetle had reached that age where people arent sure how much the child really understands, how much he really sees, so the didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make any around him to hide their jesting comments of doubt, their smiles and about open positions here there, fresh opportunities for advancement. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was then he realized that no one thought his father would make it back. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle had no more tears for this memory. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d already cried at every part of it. At the _. At teh _. And that\u8217\'92s what made so effective as a depressing instrument; it was a long drawn note that had lost it\u8217\'92s soul. IT could no longer stir the fire inside of him. At this age, it had finally pulled it all out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Out in the sand, Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s story wasn\u8217\'92t an uncommon one. He looked at around at the rest of the Ayramun, at their strange deformities, and wondered just how bad they\u8217\'92d had it as kinds. That tempered the mood. He had spent his long life feeling sorry for himself , but now, stuck as he was in the cold shadow of the Ayramun\u8217\'92s pit cave, he felt a little guilty about it. Only a little, though. All the other Ayramun had clothes and leathers to keep out the cold breath of the Underworld as it crept into the pit cave. All Pyetle had was Hill\u8217\'92s cloak. The thin, ragged tunic he\u8217\'92d gotten from Salavan\u8217\'92s wasn\u8217\'92t doing a thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he asked if he could climb up and out of the cave so that he could get warm, Hill had said no; no one was allowed to leave until dusk for fear of being spotted by Imperial eyes. Pyetle wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allowed a fire for the same reason. Hill told him to just bear it. \u8220\'93This the life of us Ayramun,\u8221\'94 he had said. \u8220\'93And it not so bad. You not complain earlier?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill left before Pyetle could explain that the reason he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t complain earlier was because he drunk, so when the icy breath of the Underworld chilled his fingers and toes he couldn\u8217\'92t ignore it. His sobriety was making him regret the whole situation, so he decided to scan the cave for signs of alcohol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of the Ayramun were mostly huddled together in little groups. None of them were drinking. Those that weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sleeping were whispering about things Pyetle couldn\u8217\'92t hear, sometimes in languages he had never heard. Without anything to do dwell on his discomfort, Pyetle turned away, wrapped Hill\u8217\'92s cloak tighter around his bare skin, and tried to sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He lay there for half a hand or so, shivering, counting his miseries: Twenty for his freezing fingers and toes. Five for the cuts he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d gotten on his hands and feet while scrambling through the Underworld. Count his blessings? There weren\u8217\'92t any. At least, there weren\u8217\'92t any until Moteah sauntered over with a bothered look on her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did Renny come by yet?\u8221\'94 she asked as she leered over him. \u8220\'93He was supposed to give you some clothes.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93I Haven\u8217\'92t heard of anyone named Renny.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course you haven\u8217\'92t. I should have known. He is an idiot.\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93One thing you should know is that most of these boys are idiots. Idiots in their own, unique, way. You\u8217\'92ll never stop being surprised by new kinds of dumb. Come on. Let\u8217\'92s get you sorted out.\u8221\'94 She motioned for Pyetle to follow, and so he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they made their way across the pit they passed Mazyd. He was sleeping comfortably under a blanket. Just beyond him a burly man sat smoking a sash of freeweed. As Pyetle stepped closer he realized this man wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t thick-set, he was just hunchbacked and his head seemed impacted down on his shoulders. At a distance it gave the impression of a strong upper body. Like the rest of the Ayramun, Renny\u8217\'92s sun-leathered skin had gone red from years of lathering it with protective kell-oil, and his greasy hair was sunbleached like a Jandrian child\u8217\'92s. All the Ayramun were blended together by years of kell-oil and sun; pale Carcinians, dark Zozans, native Jandrians, at a glance the Ayramun could be mistaken for a blood tribe. If it weren\u8217\'92t for the more glaring physical deformities it would be hard to tell them apart. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah stopped right next to this man, shook her head, and pointed at him with an accusatory finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you give that Seilsi a blanket?\u8221\'94 she asked. The hunchback nodded and said, \u8220\'93I did. I wanted the bastard to freeze but Sob was sick of the whimpering. Made me gave him a full set of wools, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unbelievable,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. You\u8217\'92d think Sob would want to make the bastard uncomfortable. Sob should want it more than anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah then nodded towards Pyetle and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Renny, do you know who that is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renny\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked to Pyetle. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the new guy,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His name is Pyetle,\u8221\'94 Moteah corrected. \u8220\'93And is there anything wrong with him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renny paused is piping and gave Pyetle a good once-over. As his eyes went up and down, his leathered face slowly scrunched up, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d smelled something bad. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a bit old, isn\u8217\'92t he? It\u8217\'92s not nice pointing out flaws though, is it?\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah gave Renny a quick smack on the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s nearly naked,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You were supposed to get him some clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Sob\u8217\'92s fault,\u8221\'94 Renny whined. \u8220\'93I tried to get Papi\u8217\'92s clothes from Sob, but he wouldn\u8217\'92t give them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He wouldn\u8217\'92t give them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renny pointed over his shoulder with his thumb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sob is right over there. Ask him yourself.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s no excuse. You were supposed to get the clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t deal with Sob. Man\u8217\'92s an idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right over there,\u8221\'94 Renny repeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seemed to Pyetle that Moteah was seriously considering giving Renny another smack. The way that Renny was trying his hardest to flaunt a lack of concern, by smoking his weed, pretending to savor it with a easy sigh, pretending to let Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s glare run off his hunched shoulders, it was as good as challenge. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But with the grace of a woman whose learned long ago to pick her battles, Moteah turned on her heel and headed off to where Sob was sleeping. Pyetle followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob was a gangly man, and he was stretched out against the cave wall. He was sleeping in such a way, face down, that it seemed like he was trying bury himself into the crack between the ground and the foot of the rock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah pointed at him with an upset finger. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is Sob,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob stirred when he heard his name, but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard the the irritation in Moteah\u8217\'92s voice too so he just grunted and didn\u8217\'92t move further.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Moteah jabbed Sob in the ribs with her foot, and Sob rolled over to sneer. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shock of Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face nearly knocked Pyetle over, for Sob\u8217\'92s bony features were twisted around his head to the right, as if something had knocked his face that way as a child and it just kept growing in that direction. It was so askew that his right eye and his nose were almost even with his right ear. His left eye and mouth were more or less where they were supposed to be, so his whole face was stretched in two directions. He could look at two things at once. When Sob glared at Moteah, he other eye was glaring at Pyetle, too. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was unmoved. She gave Sob another kick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a damned idiot,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come off it,\u8221\'94 Sob moaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gave the Seilsi a blanket, clothes, but you left Pyetle in rags?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob shrugged and made to go back to sleep, so Moteah gave him another kick. This one was a little harder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey!\u8221\'94 Sob shouted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got shit for brains,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That Seilsi wouldn\u8217\'92t stop whimpering \u8216\'91til I propped him a cover,\u8221\'94 Sob protested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And Pyetle? Should he have to whimper to get your attention?\u8221\'94 Moteah then pointed to Sob\u8217\'92s pillow. It was a bundle of clothes that had been rolled up with twine. \u8220\'93Are those Papi\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob patted the bundle with care. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I needed a pillow,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Besides, this old boy, Pyetle is he? He\u8217\'92s no Ayramun. Not yet. Let him freeze.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah tried to kick Sob again, but Sob recoiled before the blow could land. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright! Alright!\u8221\'94 he shouted. \u8220\'93Put your damned pointy foot away. I\u8217\'92ll get him out o\u8217\'92 those tatters.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the many unfortunate things about Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twisted face was that it gave him the sense of being two-faced, because even when he put on a genuine smile, the right half of his face didn\u8217\'92t seem to agree with it. Nonetheless, he made an effort, and Pyetle was present enough to take it for what it was, even though it made the hairs on his arm stand on end. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on, then,\u8221\'94 Sob said, tossing the wrapped bundle of clothes at Pyetle\u8217\'92s feet. \u8220\'93But you need be remembering whose clothes those really belong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re Papi\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Sob scowled. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re Ayrams.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s?\u8221\'94 Pyetle repeated in astonishment. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t fit into his clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ayram\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s,\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91ere. Clothes on me back. Even your tatters. Moteah\u8217\'92s shoes. The food in yorn belly. It\u8217\'92s all loaned out, if ye like. We\u8217\'92re the Ayramun. Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s. Never yours. But go on. Pick summat out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle picked up the bundle. He pulled at the plaited hemp string and unrolled the clothes onto the ground. He picked out a few items that looked comfortable. There was a thick white linen tunic that was crumpled with salt and sweat, some brown leather pants with a black stripe sewn vertically down the sides, and a pair of rawhide sandals that, when he put them on, seemed cut perfectly to size. It was all in good shape, but the shirt had a blood stain around the collar and the the sleeves were singed near the wrists. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t complain though. He was just thankful to have some comfort from the chill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he had finally put it all on, Sob looked him up and down with a keen interest and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those be Papi\u8217\'92s things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said they were Ayram\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s. Papi was wearin\u8217\'92 them, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is Papi?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His name was Papillian,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lad\u8217\'92s dead,\u8221\'94 he said. He pointed to Pyetle\u8217\'92s shirt and his lips spread into another warped smile. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s three days old blood, that is. He was wearin them clothes when he died, he was. Bit rude to be wearin\u8217\'92 them clothes so soon, innit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked down at the burn marks on his sleeves. He wondered if this was some kind of joke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose you\u8217\'92ve got anything else I could wear?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing wrong with those,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t want a run of Papi\u8217\'92s luck, I take it?\u8221\'94 Sob asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He won\u8217\'92t have to worry about that,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s got Hill\u8217\'92s cloak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does he now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah smirked and affirmed it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s got Hill\u8217\'92s lucky cloak. In fact it\u8217\'92s already saved him once.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill\u8217\'92s lucky cloak, has he? Well\u8230\'85 How\u8217\'92d you get it off him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle spread the cloak out behind him with a flourish. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill gave it to me,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t know it was a lucky cloak, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He simply gave it? Lucky you. But not so lucky now with Papi\u8217\'92s things, I think. Probably the clothes all cancel it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a good luck cloak there but bad luck everything else. Bad luck \u8216\'91cause, well, Papi was wearin\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91em, weren\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, the luck all cancels out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aye. But you can\u8217\'92t have no luck at all. No luck is just bad luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sob knows all about luck. Don\u8217\'92t you Sob,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right I do. Here - what\u8217\'92s your name again?\u8221\'94 Sob asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Pyetle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob took a round pouch the size of a fist from his things and loosed the string to reveal an assortment of rocks and pebbles rolling about inside. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Pyetle, take one o\u8217\'92 me rocks. As token of apology. These rocks have been tested. They\u8217\'92re only small measures of luck, sure, but they should do the trick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re lucky rocks?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked as he eyed the stones with an eyebrow raised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 Sob said with a sneer. The fact that Pyetle was expressing doubt seemed offensive to him, and so Sob drew out his frustration with a sneer. \u8220\'93If I say they\u8217\'92ve been tested, they\u8217\'92ve been tested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tested how?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob threw up his hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you test anythin\u8217\'92? You pick it up, try to do somethin\u8217\'92 with it, then see what happens. If it works, good chance the thing is lucky. If it works ten times over, then its been tested, ain\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You keep the real unlucky rocks, too,\u8221\'94 Sob continued. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not as good as a curse pot, but if someone gets to pesterin\u8217\'92 you, and you think they need a spot of bad-luck, slip a bad-luck pebble into their pocket. They\u8217\'92re good for that. Little stones of retribution. I keep mine separate.\u8221\'94 Sob then took another pouch from out of his things, and opened it to reveal another bunch of rocks. Each of these had a white \u8216\'91X\u8217\'92 carved into them. Sob picked one of them up and smiled at Moteah while he thumbed it\u8217\'92s grooves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ever seen one of these, Moteah?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle, eager to cut through the hostility that was shaping up between the two, decided to distract the hostilities with a question. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to put much effort into pretending to care about the answer, because this was a tactic he\u8217\'92d learned from his mother while even in the womb. \u8220\'93The thing I don\u8217\'92t understand is, how does it all work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Sob asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How does luck move from a thing to a person? Does luck rub off like dust, or is it some kind of \u8216\'91aura\u8217\'92 which accounts for all the things on a person, or what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t get him started,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, but Pyetle\u8217\'92s question had hooked Sob with ease. The poor man jumped right into his theory of luck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a bit strange, isn\u8217\'92t it,\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93You could certainly think of it like luck rubbing off. But I suppose more like a flow of energy. But there\u8217\'92s mechanics to it. There\u8217\'92s little quirks you got to learn by experience. You may wonder why I was restin\u8217\'92 my head on Papi\u8217\'92s clothes, considerin\u8217\'92 they\u8217\'92re unlucky. See, when your sleepin\u8217\'92, unlucky things will drain the un-luck out of ye, and good luck things will drain the good luck out of you. But that\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 only}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  when you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re sleepin\u8217\'92. \u8216\'91Cause when we\u8217\'92re sleeping we become inanimate things, subject to natural forces. Otherwise, when we\u8217\'92re awake and moving about and decidin\u8217\'92 things, it\u8217\'92s the normal mechanics of luck. But like I say, there\u8217\'92s quirks to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are the normal mechanics of luck?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know - luck. You know how luck works.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85 A fella as old as you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s putting you on, Sob,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Nobody cares about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not,\u8221\'94 Pyetle lied. \u8220\'93I want to know how luck works. I mean my life\u8217\'92s been shit, and maybe that\u8217\'92s because I\u8217\'92ve not been paying attention to this kind of thing. If there\u8217\'92s mechanics to luck, it\u8217\'92s worth hearing about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was stunned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at him,\u8221\'94 she said, pointing to Sob. \u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s possible to know how luck works, you think }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  knows about it? Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the unluckiest bastard I\u8217\'92ve ever met. Look at his face. Oh, he doesn\u8217\'92t mind. He knows he\u8217\'92s ugly as hell. But even without that, it\u8217\'92s not like he\u8217\'92s in a better way than any of us. He\u8217\'92s Ayramun, and by any law of Nature, he should be dead, just like the rest of us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle was a little stunned by Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bluntness, but Sob wasn\u8217\'92t. Neither was he offended. His face was alight with relish, his smile was the wry smile of a man whose combantant had just set him up with the perfect stage to make a point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s just the thing!\u8221\'94 he said, left eye wide with excitement. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the lucky ones that don\u8217\'92t know a thing about luck because they don\u8217\'92t need to! They putter around, never steppin\u8217\'92 in any holes, and so they think that holes don\u8217\'92t exist! Never trust a lucky man\u8217\'92s view of things. But someone like me, I\u8217\'92ve stepped in all the holes, I know my way around them by now. I\u8217\'92ve got Luck mapped as well as anybody whose ever lived.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  thing as luck,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Moteah countered. \u8220\'93And if there is, you certainly don\u8217\'92t know about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob turned to Pyetle to plead his case. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, if I shoot an arrow at you, what says whether or not it kills you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah interjected. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck has nothing to do with it. It\u8217\'92s skill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s luck!\u8221\'94 Sob retorted. \u8220\'93Skill says whether or not you hit the target. Aim at the neck, and if you\u8217\'92re skilled, you hit the neck. Luck says whether it hits a vein or the muscle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah groaned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one walks away from a shot in the neck,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you call this, then?\u8221\'94 Sob replied. He pulled at his collar to reveal a long white scar that wrapped round the left side of his neck. \u8220\'93Arrow that did this was shot from just twenty paces. Right through me neck. Was a shot by some merc from the Isle of Screte, no less; as skilled as any Aryamun with a bow. But his arrow as unlucky. The count of the luck between the the wood, the feathers, the glue, the string, the arrowhead, it wasn\u8217\'92t enough to beat me. And half my luck is these stones. I\u8217\'92d wager more than money that my stones is what saved me. Like you say, my natural luck is shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright then,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s make a bet. Let me}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91test\u8217\'92 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 one of your \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91lucky stones\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know I don\u8217\'92t bet. Not morally right for me to be takin\u8217\'92 advantage of others in matters of luck. But enough talk,\u8221\'94 Sob said, eager to move on before Moteah could press the issue. \u8220\'93Go on, Pyetle, take one o\u8217\'92 me stones and see for yourself.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually I was thinking that I want to get some experience myself.\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.  \u8220\'93Like you say, learn the quirks. I think I\u8217\'92ll just pick up a stone off the ground, then test it, like you say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face lit up. At least, the left side of it did. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good! That\u8217\'92s the spirit!\u8221\'94 Between his exlamations, Sob\u8217\'92s nose wiggled and WRM.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stepped over to the cave wall and pulled a little black shard of rock from it. He chose that particular piece because it stood out from the red sandstone. He thought it was a piece of jet, but it was quite rough to the touch, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t catch the light the same way, and it was shaped like a short, fat, carrot, fitting quite comfortably in his palm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Odd choice.\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93I go for smaller, rounder stones. Easier to accumulate. But before you get to testin\u8217\'92, you need to be makin\u8217\'92 sure your luck is balanced out as best can be. How\u8217\'92s your natural luck? Naked as you came, how unlucky are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d say I\u8217\'92m pretty unlucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could be cursed. Are you cursed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How would I know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You best be finding out, no? But Hill\u8217\'92s cloak is strong, I\u8217\'92ve seen it in action. It should keep you nice and balanced. Keep in mind, though, it takes time to get a feel fer these kind o\u8217\'92 things. You shouldn\u8217\'92t be expectin\u8217\'92 quick results.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stuffed his new stone into his pocket. Then he pointed at Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pouch of rocks. \u8220\'93What if Ayram wanted those?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob cocked his ear. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, they\u8217\'92re not your rocks, right? They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s. You said everything was Ayram\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that everything was Ayram\u8217\'92s,\u8221\'94 Pyetle repeated. \u8220\'93 You said that everything is \u8216\'91loaned out\u8217\'92. That includes your lucky rocks, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob glared at Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now why would you want to know about that?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just wondering. You said that -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now hold on. I want to know what you\u8217\'92re on my lucky rocks fer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just wondering if -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be out here wonderin\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 Sob said, cutting Pyetle short. \u8220\'93Wonderin\u8217\'92 about other people and what they\u8217\'92ve got will get you into trouble. So you just worry bout your rocks and I\u8217\'92ll worry bout mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I warned you not to get him started,\u8221\'94 Moteah muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get me started?\u8221\'94 Sob said in mock offense. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not started. I\u8217\'92m just tryin to keep the man focused on what\u8217\'92s he needs to be focused on, his own damned luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, alright,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, trying to calm Sob down. \u8220\'93What should I do then. How should I test my new rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle thought for a moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to get up and out of this cave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how it works,\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t wish-upon-a-stone. You\u8217\'92ve got to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 use}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the stone to do somethin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 like -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But before Sob could finish explaining that the stone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got to be part of the test, that it\u8217\'92s got to be thrown or stabbed or something, he was interrupted by a bird whistle fluttering down from above. It was a soft little twitter, nothing obnoxious, the kind of thing Pytele would\u8217\'92ve brushed off if Moteah and Sob didn\u8217\'92t look like they\u8217\'92d just heard a divine command. Even when the twittering died down, the two kept their eyes skyward, clearly expecting something more. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for Pyetle to put two and two together: this wasn\u8217\'92t some rare desert bird peeking in, tweeting warnings that big mammals were near the nests and holes; it was an Ayramun signal. It had come from one of the scout\u8217\'92s up above, a near perfect imitation of the real thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked around at the rest of the Ayramun - they were all awake, alert, and silent. Most had their heads craned upwards like Sob and Moteah. All were clearly expecting another message.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When nothing came, Sob broke the silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might just get your wish, Pyetle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle was about to ask what he meant, but Moteah shushed him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then another tweeted song came floating down. This one, Pyetle recognized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a purple starling,\u8221\'94 he said under his breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An Imperial starling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as the words were out of her mouth, the cave went abuzz with whispers and ruffled movement. Here and there, Ayramun rushed to roll up their tarps and padded skins. Some simply dropped whatever they were doing and started to climb up and out of the cave. Hill was one of them. He and a few others free-climbed up the wall via series of ledges. Even though they carried bags up with them, strapped to their backs, they kept a clean, steady pace. Pyetle assumed they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done this hundred\u8217\'92s of times, this particular climb. There were no searching hands or feet, they just floated up the rock-face. Once at the top, they disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well ain\u8217\'92t that interestin\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 Sob said as he finished bundling the clothes that Pyetle wasn\u8217\'92t using. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re stone is either the luckiest in the world, or the unluckiest. Might just be cursed.\u8221\'94 He looked up at Pyetle with excitement. \u8220\'93Needs more testin\u8217\'92, don\u8217\'92t it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do I mean? Gods man, no wonder you\u8217\'92ve not got a grasp of luck, even when it slaps you in the face.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is just coincidence,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not like a bunch of Imperials popped into existence as soon as Pyetle wished to get out of this cave. }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Coincidence?\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93The man says he wants to get up and out o\u8217\'92 this hole, and next thing comes, and its up and out o\u8217\'92 this hole he\u8217\'92s gettin\u8217\'92. \u8216\'91}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Just a coincidence\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Listen to yerself.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seems like good luck to me,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now hold on there.\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93Might not be }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 good}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  luck. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not sunshowers and sugarplumbs drivin\u8217\'92 us out o\u8217\'92 this hole. It\u8217\'92s a herd of Imps marchin\u8217\'92 straight towards us. On horseback no less.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Horseback?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked. \u8220\'93You got all that from a tweeting bird?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aye,\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93The count, too. Roughly fifty of \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is just a precaution,\u8221\'94 Moteah assured Pyetle. \u8220\'93What they\u8217\'92ve spotted up there, some company of Imperials, they\u8217\'92re still a long ways off. They don\u8217\'92t know that we\u8217\'92re here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As may be,\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93But that don\u8217\'92t mean they ain\u8217\'92t lookin\u8217\'92 for us, \u8216\'91cause they\u8217\'92re definitely lookin\u8217\'92 for him!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob pointed to Mazyd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re on horseback. Riding out into the Sand. I\u8217\'92d wager more than money that\u8217\'92s a search party. Only people Imps care about are those damned Seilsi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s ridiculous,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93Sand\u8217\'92s too big to search like that. Horses don\u8217\'92t do well out on Charnel Roads.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s just the thing. Makes no sense to be out on horses in this heat unless they know exactly where they\u8217\'92re goin\u8217\'92. And what\u8217\'92s out here for them to find? Nothin\u8217\'92 but us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah cast a wary eye at Mazyd. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 think}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it was possible for the Imperials to know where they were, but she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard stories about the Seilsi like all the rest. Mazyd didn\u8217\'92t have hands, but there might be some hidden magic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Regardless, she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t argue any further with Sob. There wasn\u8217\'92t any time. So, she made to help Sob wrap up his things. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sight of Moteah helping Sob was strange to Pyetle. Just moments ago, Moteah looked like she wanted to kill the man any way she could, now, she was gathering up his things - a pipe, a scattered bunch of tresla, sandspit - and putting them into a larger leather sack. Pyetle chalked this kindness up to the urgency of the moment, but he wondered if it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a sense of kinship driving it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most of the others were already finished gathering up their things because they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have much, and what they did have was made to be quickly folded and packed in sacks. These sacks had corded loops for easy hauling, and already some of them were being pulled up and out of the cave with ropes. The rest of the things to be hauled out were being lined up at the foot of the wall. Among them were the tarred leather bags packed with foodstuffs, the waterskins, bundles of bows and arrows wrapped in cotton sheets, and Mazyd, all wrapped up in his new cloak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn to be hauled up came, the rope was wrapped around his chest and groin. Mazyd\u8217\'92s new leathers took the brunt of the biting rope, but as he ascended up into the air, he would bounce and scrape against the rockface. He couldn\u8217\'92t do anything about it because his arms were tied up against his sides.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was watching him go up, wincing all the while. When Mazyd was finally, roughly, pulled over the top, and the rope was thrown back down, she told Pyetle he was next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t I just climb up it?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked as she started to tie the rope around him. She couldn\u8217\'92t answer because she had to use her mouth to hold one end of the rope steady as she wrapped it around him. Only after she was done, and before she tied him in with a knot, did she entertain Pyetle\u8217\'92s fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think you can climb this?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93Do you even know how to climb a rope?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You just\u8230\'85 climb it, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. There\u8217\'92s no time for this. This will be safer, believe me. It\u8217\'92ll be easier. I don\u8217\'92t think you can climb it, anyways.\u8221\'94 She then looped the rope around each leg and knotted it tight around shoulder blades. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re skinny as hell.\u8221\'94 She then gave three tugs on the rope and Pyetle began to rise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weight wasn\u8217\'92t centered on the rope, so as soon as he was hoisted up into the air he started to spin. It wasn\u8217\'92t a violent spin, but it was undignified nonetheless, and it was just enough to prevent him from catching himself against the rock-face with his hands and feet, meaning with each tug upwards he\u8217\'92d bump and scrape against the sandstone, just like Mazyd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And upwards he went. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long because whoever was pulling him was clearly intent on being done with the whole ordeal as soon as possible. When Pyetle\u8217\'92s head finally breached the surface, he found that there were two men pulling him up. Both black as Moteah. One of them was missing an arm, just like Moteah. The other, upon seeing Pyetle\u8217\'92s bald head pop out of the ground, nearly dropped the rope in surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh shit! Gammel, stop! It\u8217\'92s a person!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But the Seilsi already up here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the new guy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You hold steady. I\u8217\'92ll help him up. You got it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He light as air.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. I thought he was a bundle of dried pilk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The nearest man, the two armed man, he dropped the rope and stepped over to the lip of the cave where Pyetle hung half-in, half-out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry bout the rough pull,\u8221\'94 the man said with a deep Zozan lilt. \u8220\'93I thought you were a bundle of dried pilk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He then grabbed the part of the rope which was wrapped around Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest, and with one forceful yank, he pulled Pyetle out of the cold shadow of the cave and in into the Sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was still afternoon, so the ground was still hot. Pyetle wanted to just lay there and revel in it, but the Zozan who had pulled him out was already fiddling with the knots that kept Pyetle bound to his rope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Roll over,\u8221\'94 the Zozan commanded, and Pyetle did. \u8220\'93Oh, and I\u8217\'92m Zouga,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re Pyetle, right? That there is Gammel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gammel waved. Pyetle noticed that he only had one arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zouga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s deformity was clear as day: his upper lip was cleft in two. It wasn\u8217\'92t nearly as bad as some Pyetle had seen, where the whole upper jaw is cleft in two, but nonetheless, Zouga\u8217\'92s front teeth were permanetly fixed in a grin. Zouga had evidently filed them down to a point, so they stood out from his face like fangs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t a good look, my friend,\u8221\'94 Zougaz said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? Is something wrong?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a good look if you can\u8217\'92t pull your own weight, friend. I mean you literally can\u8217\'92t do it. I joke, but really, not a good look.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mind. I don\u8217\'92t care. It\u8217\'92s everyone else who gets all pissy. Got to pull your own weight around here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t weigh that much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zougaz laughed as he pulled the tangle of rope out from Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tangle of bones. \u8220\'93Right. You don\u8217\'92t. You don\u8217\'92t. Still, what do you do? Some of us have got a little bet going. Gammel\u8217\'92s got you down as a slinger, seeing as we picked you up near Dremmel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A slinger? What? No, I haven\u8217\'92t handled a sling since I was a child.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gammel groaned and cursed the dirt. Zouga smiled wide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a cook, aren\u8217\'92t you? I bet you know all the herbs from here to Changrala. Last fellow we had who could do up a lizard just right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a terrible cook.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a cook?\u8221\'94 Zouga asked, shoulders slumping. \u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92d Ayram pick you up then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zouga threw the rope back down into the cave, and reassumed his position next to Gammel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone here\u8217\'92s got a thing they do,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know beans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know beans?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I know bean-curd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bean-curd?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bean products, but mostly bean curd.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You not a cook?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s more the buying and selling of it. Back in Drimmel I would buy kelly-beans in bulk from farmers out in -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You a middle-man?\u8221\'94 Gammel asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not as simple as that,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said defensively. \u8220\'93But...I guess it doesn\u8217\'92t matter. Sure. I\u8217\'92m a middle-man. Not that it matters though. Not many beans out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not much buying or selling out here either.,\u8221\'94 Zouga said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s more\u8230\'85 killing and stealing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He a middle man,\u8221\'94 Gammel said. \u8220\'93He as good a thief as any.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, I did no work for the Empire,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said defensively. \u8220\'93I only provided a service. I didn\u8217\'92t even make a profit. Why do you think I\u8217\'92m here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You a bad thief, then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zouga laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92ll learn, eh? You can teach him, Gammel. Oh, wait! Stop!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They stopped hauling the rope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Gammel asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s another person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Moteah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked towards the big hole in the ground, and sure enough, the top of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head was there, bobbing up and down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eager to seem useful, Pyetle rushed over to pull her up, but Moteah was already climbing out, so he just knelt there and looked ready-to-help while she mantled the lip of the cave. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hell are you doing, woman?\u8221\'94 Gammel asked. \u8220\'93Climb out yourself, like the rest of \u8216\'91em. We\u8217\'92ve got things to pull.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond. Instead she calmly undid the knot of rope around her chest, and then threw the length of it back down into the cave. Then she stood up and dusted herself off, all the while pretending not to notice that she\u8217\'92d pissed Gammel off. This, of course, pissed Gammel off more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woman!\u8221\'94 Gammel shouted. \u8220\'93I asked you a question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah ignored him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright Pyetle,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Time to get a move on. Ayram needs to see you. Come on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Gammel wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to let her leave. He dropped his rope and stomped over to her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zouga shouted after him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get your hand back on that rope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gammel stopped in his tracks, clearly torn between lettin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 Moteah have it, and gettin it from Zouga. After a tense moment, he spat, and returned to the rope to continue hauling. There, the only thing he could do to Moteah was stare daggers into her back as she and Pyetle walked away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gammel really doesn\u8217\'92t like you, huh?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, once they were out of earshot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. He\u8217\'92s my brother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your brother!? Huh. I can see that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, just the, uh, physical resemblance. Strange that you two are both missing arms. Opposite arms though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s because were born joined together. He\u8217\'92s my right arm, and I\u8217\'92m his left.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two were conjoined?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were separated after birth. There wasn\u8217\'92t much connecting us, thankfully. I wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to stand it if his mouth was always yapping away right next to my ear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. He\u8217\'92s an asshole. I rode the rope up just to annoy him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I never would have guessed. I figured you were just born without an arm. Conjoined twins\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92ve heard of it but never seen it. Is that a common thing with Zozans?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. It is what it is. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you safe from him? He\u8217\'92s got violence in his eyes. No mistaking it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about me. You need to worry bout yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure? He seemed pretty-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, really, don\u8217\'92t worry bout me. You need to worry bout yourself. And speaking of - there are things out in the Sand that only Ayram can save you from. He won\u8217\'92t be able to save you if you haven\u8217\'92t taken the oath. Since we\u8217\'92re goin out into the Sand, you need to be taking the oath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does this oath involve?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t too painful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Too}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  painful?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a blood oath. There\u8217\'92s gonna to be blood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle grimaced. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, we\u8217\'92ll kill you if you don\u8217\'92t do it." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you shouldn\u8217\'92t take the oath just because you don\u8217\'92t want us to kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked. \u8220\'93You got to be doing it for the right reasons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what reasons are those?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s different for everyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did you take the oath?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s between me and Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So I either take the oath, or you kill me. That just doesn\u8217\'92t seem\u8230\'85 Well, let\u8217\'92s say I took the oath, but I just said the words without meaning them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no words.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, ok.... Then suppose I just went through the motions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t that kind of oath. Maybe oath ain\u8217\'92t the right word. It\u8217\'92s more\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know. It\u8217\'92s hard to describe. It\u8217\'92s more like an experience.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah pointed at a hill just down the road. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See that hill with the dead tree right on top of it? There\u8217\'92s a cave in that hill. Pella, the witch, and Ayram will be waitin\u8217\'92 inside. That\u8217\'92s where you make the oath. Don\u8217\'92t make \u8216\'91em wait long.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You aren\u8217\'92t coming?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s your oath,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got other things to do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle watched Moteah walk back towards the pit, where the other Ayramun were strapping up for the journey ahead. On the way she stopped, picked up a rock, and rolled it around in her fingers. Pyetle wondered if she was thinking about luck. He wondered if she really thought there was no such thing. As if to give him an answer, she threw rock side-arm over a little mound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stone made a funny noise wherever it landed; a kind of delayed echo. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bother Moteah, but Pyetle was intrigued - there seemed to be another pit. He walked over to check it out, and sure enough, a deep and wide hole opened up into the ground. Another pit cave. No one was in this one, and it didn\u8217\'92t seem to open up into the Underworld. It was just a big hole in the ground, unconnected to anything but the outside air. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It got Pyetle to wondering just where he was. In the Sand there is a place called the Pitted Portion, a place filled with sinks and holes and caves, but that was a thousand leagues from Dissel, and he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have made that journey in just one night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just to be sure, Pyetle scrambled up a little graveled hill and climbed atop a boulder to get a better view of the place. He expected to see something familiar, like the Blackshell hills or the . The Blackshells were indeed there to the east, but only their peaks, so far away that their white tips barely gleamed through the thick haze of distance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rocky ground all around wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t clay, it was rock. Thickly pitted for miles. Most pits weren\u8217\'92t so dramatic as the one he\u8217\'92d come out of, as most edges were sloped and sagged or cratered instead of dropping sheer into the earth. In between these holes there were wide, flat spaces of dry sandstone, but there were also great mounds of boulders and gravel, just like the one he was standing on. Undoubtedly , this was the Pitted Portion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one knew how these pits came to be. There was no river running through it, nothing to carve a winding canyon. It was just like the rest of the Junei plain, only with holes and the rubble that had, presumably, once filled them. Standing there, Pyetle felt certain in Truth of the Solean Myth of Damdromidon - what else but a great demon looking for the buried heart of the earth could explain this cavernous plain?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  When Pyetle had looked at maps to trace the route had taken, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come to expect a clear delination between portions. Pitted is here and windy is there. But looking out he wondered if the pitted portion ever ended, if the names given were even useful. If the different parts of the sand were even clear enough to warrant a category, or if it was one big clusterfuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then a voice shouted from the base of his little promontory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle! What are you doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle turned in fright and saw Ayram standing there, looming large even though he was a good thirty meters away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted to take a look,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93Is this really the Pitted Portion?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram ignored his question. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did Moteah make it clear to you that there are Imps about, looking for us?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle took a quick look around for any sign of Imperial riders.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see any.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think that they see you?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his rush to scramble off the boulder, Pyetle fell butt-first onto the slope of the hill. He was able to catch himself, so instead of rolling down the scree, he slid down it. When he got to the bottom, he stood up in front of Ayram and apologized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry. I was just curious. I\u8217\'92m not used to the whole desert bandit thing. Hiding in holes and whatnot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram was watching the cloud of dust that Pyetle had kicked up. It rose slowly into the air, twirling in on itself, measuring both the vortex/convective wind and the magnitude of Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do people find you to be annoying?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw would have dropped at the bluntness of the question if it weren\u8217\'92t already drawn tight by embarrassment. As such, Pyetle could barely stammer out a weak, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need to understand something, so I\u8217\'92m going to state it clearly,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93If you endanger the lives of my people, then you\u8217\'92ll die a death that ravagers dream of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You nod, but I don\u8217\'92t think you understand,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. He was looking down at Pyetle, like a father whose looks to son whose pooped the bed. \u8220\'93The Sand demands a sharp mind. You can be stupid to a point, but you can\u8217\'92t ever be unaware. There\u8217\'92s no shame in getting killed, but killing yourself through carelessness, is that how you want to go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Things out here are trying to kill you. Right now. The sun. The Imps. There could be a beatboar a mile away, hogging your scent. Where are they? What are they planning? What can you do about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram smacked his teeth, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just tasted something foul. \u8220\'93You can make mistakes, Pyetle, but out here the kind of mistakes that require apologies are the ones that get people killed. If you ever need to apologize to me again, be prepared to suffer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I still don\u8217\'92t think you do. Come. I will make it clear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle followed Ayram around the lip of the pit and back to where Moteah had left him. From there they went to the hill with the cave where he was to take his oath. The entrance to it was narrow, and it matched Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s height, so Ayram had to duck down and shimmy sideways to get in. Pyetle stopped at the entrance, and tried to see inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The interior was lit by a narrow sliver of sunlight that cut down from the entrance and crawled along the floor. It was enough because the cave was small, and the light could bounce around. It was almost like the inside of sandstone ball, with Ayram standing at the far end. To his right, was Pella, hunched and. To left was the witch Elrahet. In between them, cut into the rock floor, was a round hole the width of a foot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Pyetle stepped into the cave, his body cut out the light. Elrahet and Pella each grabbed a wrist, and then Ayram dropped something into the hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you feel about the Empire?\u8221\'94 Pella asked. Her grip was firm and tight, stronger than Pyetle had expected from a woman of her age.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t really care about it one way or the other,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. He was sure that Pella had been expecting him to say he hated the Empire. All the other Ayramun seemed to. But something about the scene suggested simple honesty was the best course of action. He felt that something was considering him, sniffing him out. Some sense oustide the normal, which could target truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Empire kills and it rapes,\u8221\'94 Pella replied. \u8220\'93It grinds the wealth and culture of the world to dust. Have you not seen it? Is that not why you are here among us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle was unsure of what to say. His answer would obviously be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91no\u8217\'92, so he didn\u8217\'92t understand why Pella was pressing the issue. She was trying to catch him out. For what reason, he couldn\u8217\'92t fathom. Maybe she just didn\u8217\'92t like him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the end it was Ayram who answered Pella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle is here because he followed me here. It is as simple as that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No passion, then,\u8221\'94 Pella croaked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remove your shirt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An odor began to rise out of the hole in the ground. A green glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Elrahet stabbed in him the belly with a knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel much. Wanted to scream but couldn\u8217\'92t. The words caught in throat, and he couldn\u8217\'92t breath. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram then reached out, grabbed his shoulder, and threw him him face down to the earth. Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, and his open wound, was flush over the hole. Then his sense started to dull. He could no longer smell the sulfur. But instead of going dark, his mind began to swim with visions. Flashes of  color, different scenes. The outlines of Ayram\u8217\'92s eyes swirling through them, part of them, edges lost but still there, watching. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Coming to\u8217\'92 moment where ayrams true visage are loaded behind the eyes. Pyetle begins to wonder if Ayram gave him the vision or share in it. If he knew what he was thinking, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After some time, which Pyetle later learned was only a minute, Ayram pulled him up from the ground. When Pyetle searched his belly, he found there was no wound, and that in its place was the brand of the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Rise my child, Pyetle of the Ayraman. You have been consecrated.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oddness with his blood. Indicates that he isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t commited. -swirls it around a bowl to check the body, the thickness, how many drips fell down the side of the bowl. Elrahet- \u8220\'93His blood is thin but sharp.}}