{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab No one has a more intimate relationship with the Truth than a liar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The Truth has a certain shape and weight and feel to it, and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to play with it to really know you\u8217\'92ve got the genuine article, because on the surface, a lot of lies look just the same. Its like a fake gold statue - looking at it, you might not tell. Convey the metaphor through the object.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This led to the poem The U.S. sailor with the Japanese skull, which described one method for preparation of skulls for trophy-taking, in which the head is skinned, towed in a net behind a ship to clean and polish it, and in the end scrubbed with caustic soda. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consumed by the body}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab So that it can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feed the Spark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab So that it can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Move the flesh}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab So that it can be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consumed by the body}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your eyes will adjust to the darkness.\u8221\'94 - morality}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skin of the amalgamete naturally healing. Around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re giving him a spark, we can\u8217\'92t control him. We\u8217\'92ll two mazyds to deal with instead of one!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Speactuaclur magical display.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo comes out. A white liquid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Stands\u8217\'92/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You din\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opens up his chest, pulls out Purls hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you want this back?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, that\u8217\'92s poor taste.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our deal? Yes. Our deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will kill Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smile of a whose been caught.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That remains to be seen, doesn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We made a deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We did, but you see\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I feel bad about this, I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We made a deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Breath melt he blade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am afraid of death. I don\u8217\'92t want the one spark. I am afraid that I would die before all of the Mazyd are free. and I don\u8217\'92t yet have the knowledge to do that. For that, I need you. You, Elrahet, are the most precious thing to me in all the world\u8230\'85This life you\u8217\'92ve given me,  think of it as a proof of concept. I\u8217\'92m interested what you have to offer. What comes next\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  we can haggle over the details.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s next is you kill Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I kill Solraheen for you, and you\u8217\'92ll have gotten what you want so you can decide not to honor your debt. Conversely, if you give me knowledge of the Spark, I have no compelling reason to help you. Having no higher authority to appeal to in case of a breach of contract, and no real reputations to maintain, we find ourselves at an impasse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already done what asked you asked, and you changed your stance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Precisely. How could you trust me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no point in arguing with him. He\u8217\'92s not going to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Calls them a death cult.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Death cult?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet - get him to understand why she wants solraheen dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like I said before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Come, you want to know who I am? Come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Say a good by to ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get my blade. Moto tries, Obo succeeds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I loosened it up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gets the burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They disappear down the hole.}}