{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Somewhere<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 gnise him to be salava}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb can see auras. Being able to see an aura is the only thing that lets you distinguish between which god you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re serving.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Pre ambush<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Mandri wanders into the sand and dies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - body discovered by seb and gugi as they are setting up an ambush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - recognise him to be salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s son}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - takes him to pella.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - pella is like, this is fucked}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - moto is like, this caravan is odd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab -rock crystal lens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - pella is like, the boy might be a sign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - need to bring him back and question him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - gugi. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m going to need your spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Seb argues. Gugi accepts. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - you argue with me, boy?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab - No. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Cut him open. Spark of life transference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - mandri wakes up. Startled. Finds it difficult to speak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Interrogation, mandri said he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a pilgrim. reveals that mandri\u8217\'92s dad is the one that sent them out there. They\u8217\'92re all out there because of salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - do we go through it ornot? Little argument. Pella gets a little hissy. MAYBE pella doesnt want to do it. Moto says yas. Pella gives ayram a signal that she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disagreeing fakely, wants ayram to overrule her. Give him a signal that you don\u8217\'92t pick up until much later when she gives Mandri/Moto/etc. The same signal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Ayram shows up. Says its on. Not least they need a prisoner to give Gugi a spark. You made that decision when you cut gugi open.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Ambush<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambush in a ravine is set up. Target is a gold caravan. Much is made of the source of the information, salavan saran. When Lafri sees ordered riders, theres some trepidation, but they decide to go through with it anyways. The witch Elrahet summons a fog - no rain, no mud, no thunder. It will have to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Caravan come through ravine, arrows fly, Hrkans circle up. Aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even firing back. Just holding ground. From there ranks comes a mage. Dudes dying around- obliterates both sides of the ravine. Mandri sees Lafri get disentegrated. The hillside is dug out. Rocks melted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone dead but Mandri. All is still. Beam and bandit disintigrates. One by one they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re getting picked off. Shelter in place. The slightest whisper. Pella shrieks. Beam up the cliff. Then mandri sees  She screams, body bursts, then an orb shoots at troops and explodes him. Mandri is only person alive. Walks to rim of crater, sees teh mage unhurt but unconscious.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Pyetle\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Field<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle languishing in his field. Accompanied by a scribe Soreel. Pyetle is drunk, just kind of rambling about the mistakes of the gods. Soreen stops him, says its time for you to come back with me. Says he needs to work off his debt. Salavan Saran has purchased it. He is to work in Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brewery - make the best brews.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle is like, fuck salavan. No way am I working for that rich asshole. Soreel is like, its already done. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re coming. Pyetle says he\u8217\'92d rather kill himself. Soreel kind of flips shit. Says you\u8217\'92re coming one way or another. She pulls a knife on him. Threatens to kill Pyetle\u8217\'92s ox. \u8216\'91Not your ox anymore\u8217\'92. Soreel kills the ox. Ox bolts then collapses. Pyetle hits Soreel in the head and knocks her out. Mercy kills his ox, then heads out to salavan\u8217\'92s house.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Mudwater<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle gets super drunk. Goes to Mudwater, goes to Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house.  Salavan is surprised to see pyetle alone. Asks where soreel is. Starts convo about business interests. Tries to get at pyetle\u8217\'92s recipe. Kind of rags on pyetle and his failures in life. Pyetle is like I was going to come and kill you, but you\u8217\'92re just a dick. Sal is like, you\u8217\'92re not going to work for me? No. Where the fuck is soreel?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan then tries to kill pyetle. Gets close to doing it, until pella/mandri/ayram/hill show up. At first it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just pella. Salavan immediately changes his tune. Super worried. \u8216\'91Tell ayram I didnt know.\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91Tell him yourself.\u8217\'92 Ayram shows up, salavan just kind of melts. Ayrams presence gets salavan to spill his guts. Then mandri kill him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs36\b1\i0 Underworld}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle follows the theives into the underworld. Along the way there are some strange doors that ayram and pella go into. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Underworld?\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91the place is more prosaic than the stories - but also much stranger\u8217\'92. Mandri, Hill, and Pyetle chill outside. Introductions. Magics? Piss hole. Pyetle falls/jumps in. }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Seculla Home<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Danserd is in garden fretting over plants.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Senate Trial<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In cart with sister-in law. Sister in law giving a run-down of what is going on - they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to pin the loss of mazyd oro on you. You know the knife they\u8217\'92ve been looking for? This is it. I told you so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Little strategy session.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reveals Mazyd Oro is missing. Who is responsible. Seculla was responsible for the mission.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Pit Cave<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle is put in prison w/ mazydei, who is in bad condition. Bit of a bonding moment between the two. Mazyd reveals himself to pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They two are pulled out of their little cave and brought out to a pit cave, where some of the Ayramun sit. Somber atmosphere. Disgust directed towards mazyd. Pyetle gets taken under the wing of moteah, who gives him some food. Brief descriptions of characters -lizard brothers, moto, sob, ayram, pella, hill, suri. Pyetle gets some cloths from sob. Talk about luck. Maybe mention one of the lizard brothers goes up top to scout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where are the rest of the ayramun? At camp, hunting beasts.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Pit Attack<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella and Ayram walks out into the pit, ayram interrogates mazyd. Mazyd hits right back. Interrogation interrupted by a body dropping down into the dirt. Its the ayramun sentry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look up, theres a few heads looking down. One standing there with a recurve bow - its an ambush. Shoot sob to prove they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a chance to run away. Pull the ayramun up as prisoners. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once up they do a blood bomb to collapse the cave. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91We\u8217\'92ve got a long way to go. Dont want any of you in there\u8217\'92. Then they try to blow up, of all people, mazyd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd manages to take the shade with him. Mazyd is split in half, but still alive. Ayramun pick him up and head towards minting rock.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Minting Rock<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where band melts shit into coin. 2 areas - spring, and smelter. Pyetle is ordered to help Mandri and purl to melt down what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got. Mandri starts to despair and complain. Pyetle chuckles at his naivety. Interrupted by something hiding in the coal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The three flee the scene thinking theres some kind of demon in there. Ayram and pella et.al. Come running. Dont go in there. But Mazyd is in there. While arguing, black figure comes out and says hello, im no demon. Everyone is like wtf is this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd is conscious - oh look at that. Pyetle spins around - mazyd is like spin me back around. Oh its another shade. Ayram is like fuck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Journey in the desert<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram and co. Set up a trap for their pursuers by using creatures. Lizards. Set up bait.  Using physiology of creatuers to lure them onto pursuers. Maybe purl gets pricked with something - she offers herself as trap because she knows she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dead anyways. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opportunity for moto to show his quality. Dispatches one shade. The other runs away.  Need to wait out creatures feasting on the bodies. Then foreign Jandrimun tribe people come and clear out the creatures.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Captured<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brought to old temple. turns out the jandrimun are a death cult. They consume the unfinished corpses of the ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pursuers. Put into cages. Ayram is brought before the big dude. Big dude is like, can\u8217\'92t fucking wait to eat you. Bet your flesh is god-tier. Ayram explodes, killing everyone. Pella picks her way out of the cage. She runs over to ayram and picks him up. Tells other ayramun to clear away some rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Holy fuck theres an entrance to the underworld down there.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Escape<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella rushes into the underworld to heal ayram. She follows strange writings in the dark. The reach door, she goes in with him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone is like, damn, ayram is the shit. Mazyd is like, this is fucked. You wonder how the hell she knew that the underworld entrance was there?  She fucking knew where to go. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not ayram. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Try to end on emotional note, where pyetle finds purpose in the sense-experience of being a human being. Foreshadowed by convo with mandri perhaps - awe/love/adrenaline/etc. Maybe the beauty of the struggle. Learns it from mandri dying or something. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s death, the fight for what he loved, was the most beautiful thing he\u8217\'92d ever seen. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gbenga akinnagbe = moto}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram comes out, is shook up. Pella is all snappy.  Help him. Leads them out. They see Jandri out in the distance. Massive city. Tents spread out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>Jandri<!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0>}}