{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 , you\u8217\'92ve won if you can bring your blade to a narrower angle than the opponent. Because that means you\u8217\'92ve got a quicker path to the belly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just stand here , sword to sword. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pytele copies the pose}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So here, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re even. Now if I pull my sword to swing, you\u8217\'92re winning. One step and stab and I\u8217\'92m dead. If I take a step back, and out of your range, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter. This is the first beginner lesson: you start the swing out of range, finish it in range. If you\u8217\'92re going to give the opponent the angle advantage, then stay out of range. Like so}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright, back to the the start. One way of gaining advantage might be to simply knock the opponents sword, like so:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My sword\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s on the line, yours isn\u8217\'92t, so I\u8217\'92ve won. But theres an easy counter, I\u8217\'92m sure you can think of it. Yes, you can simply move the sword out of the way, but you\u8217\'92re moving the sword off the line. You\u8217\'92re giving it up without me hitting it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A practiced swordsman will know all the moves, all the tricks and traps. So if you run into one, your best bet is to simply maintain a safe distance. You should run, if the mood calls for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do I know if my opponent is skilled?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll know in an instant whether or not your opponent knows about the line, about distance. The number of men I\u8217\'92ve killed with their sword out to the side like this, mid swing, its absurd. It\u8217\'92s like they\u8217\'92ve got this thought that if they start their swing first, that means I\u8217\'92ve got to parry it. It doesn\u8217\'92t enter their minds that I could just take a step forward, close the distance myself, and then stab them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But if enemy know about distance, about the line, you should probably run. Everyone else, the mere fact that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re considering it means your much more likely to win. And this is the thing about fighting - about everything really - it\u8217\'92s more about knowledge and experience than your god-given physical tools. I\u8217\'92m one of the smallest in the Ayramun, but no one here would fight me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what are the component parts of a duel? It\u8217\'92s these: distance, timing, balance, momentum, risk, and most importantly, the opposition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Every movement you make affects all of these things simultaneously. I take a step towards you, and I am changing the distance. I am playing with risk. I have shifted my center of balance. I am changing momentum because with this step, whatever actions come next must flow from it. After it all, perhaps during, you will react.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t possibly be thinking about all these things. Not in the middle of a duel. There\u8217\'92s no time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These and more. Really theres no end to the aspects of any art, because after all, it\u8217\'92s all made up. Just stick with the basics, drill them, and you\u8217\'92ll be competent enough to hold your own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t you just show me a few moves?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s an art, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An art? I\u8217\'92m not trying to express myself here. My aim is to survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. But \u8216\'91a few moves\u8217\'92 aren\u8217\'92t going to keep you alive. You need to be able to react to whatever is going on. To do that you need to be able to solve novel problems. Creativity, Mandri. Creativity is what will keep you alive. To be creative, you need to be thinking critically about what it is you\u8217\'92re doing. That\u8217\'92s what art is, that is what fighting is; creative problem solving. You need to be thinking this way and so we\u8217\'92ll practice it. Now stand up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Keep your hand like the head of a hawk. Always pointed towards its prey. Nomatter how the body moves, keep it pointed towards the prey.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stab instead of slash. Stab - less of the arm is exposed to the enemy than a slash. Stab requries less energy. Is easier to perform in tight formation as it limits possibility of wounding allies. A slash is more likely to be stopped by armor or bones, difficult to land a lethal blow. With a stab, a cut no deeper than 2 inchens can be lethal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stabbing saves a lot of force.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The eyes become red, swelled and inflamed, the lips and skin parched and chapped, while sever pain the chest is invariably felt in consequence of the quantities of sand unavoidably inhaled. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://6008ACF3-7D07-439E-8203-5B50FD5E2457"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Burgeon Binge}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It strips the air of moisture. Humiidity falls from 80 to 10 percent within hours. When the gale is in full cry, visibility is reduced to a few yards. Sand penetrates everything. Grit in food, grit in water (milky grit) , grit on the shets. If you close the windows, the temperature can climb steadily and reach 120, 125 degrees, when the air sears the lungs.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sandstorms can be black as night or a lurid yellow or a bleak greay the color of old ash. They may hiss or roar, rumble like thunder; the air is oven hot and crackles with static and a hand run ofver a canvas tent pops and sparks like methane breath on a smoldering coal tip; nerve-ends tingle with electricity and firefly sparks jump and snap. The camles squat in teh sand, their backs to the wind, and close their long-lashed and double lidded eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A static charge in the air. Everything sparks. Dog Cant be stroked without producing crackling sparks.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}