{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nothing complicated about terror\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or any emotion for that matter. Love, hate, terror, whatever, Mandri was old enough to see through their tired routine: first they startled him into stupidity, and then they spurred him into action, or reigned him in, according to the flavor of the moment. There was no fighting it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A roaring beam of Mazydfire lit up the night, and next thing Mandri knew, he was running through Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bowels, bumping his nose and toes on stone shelves and footings because he wasn\u8217\'92t allowed to hold a torch, and he wasn\u8217\'92t allowed, according to Moto, because that there wasn\u8217\'92t any time to light one up, even though it only took five god-damned seconds. As it goes with terror, love, hate, and whatever; reason is not allowed to have a say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri hated it. Hating hate might seem paradoxical, but that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a trick of language. This was a reasonable hate. It starts with distrust. He distrusted terror and hate and all of those other emotions for the simple reason that it\u8217\'92s possible to feel two of them at once. If you can both love and hate a person, then that proves that there is a truer, deeper, reality of which love and hate are only crude approximations\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in Mandri\u8217\'92s terms, there\u8217\'92s a color portrait to be painted here, but all we have are pigments black and white.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And to be clear, this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a trick of language. It\u8217\'92s not the case that the condition of \u8216\'91loving-and-hating\u8217\'92 is, in itself, a unique emotional state for which some genius has yet to come along and invent the right word to label it. What is really happening is that one moment there is a caring love, and in the next there is a spiteful hate, and the mind vacillates between the two, and seeing them pass by in quick succession blurs them together, but if Mandri stopped and noticed he could distinguish them, and as soon as he did that, the insufficiency of it all became readily apparent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So it is with love and hate, and so it is with comfort and terror. If Solraheen is both comforting and terrifying, well, the fault is not with Him. He could, however, be blamed in a roundabout way. He could have chosen to give Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark a more complete palette with which to paint an inner world. Instead, Mandri ran confused right through those moments where love and hatred bled together, and he despised having to grapple with the fear of a loving Divine. The end result was always the same: he\u8217\'92d get fed up with all the dissonance and decide to surrender himself to the calm, cool waters of not giving a damn, though that wasn\u8217\'92t really possible either, not completely, and not for long. Not long, at least, whenever he was lost inside a temple mountain, fleeing from the threat of a vengeful Mazyd who no doubt relished the chance to put a beam fire through his skull.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then there was whatever witchy mumblings Elrahet was whispering as she scampered along in the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t right. This isn\u8217\'92t right. This isn\u8217\'92t right. That bitch!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl yanked Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm and told him to put his sword away. He didn\u8217\'92t even know he had it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to stab someone,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who are you going stab? The Mazyd?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93I just feel safer with it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d feel safer with it sheathed, so sheathe it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri reluctantly sheathed his blade. Good thing he did, because a moment later, Moto took a sharp turn into a dead end and everyone behind bumbled into each other. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked with venom. Moto, the prime object of her ire, turned from the  and said, \u8220\'93I think we should wait here for Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t act like you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 meant}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to run in here.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb, who was bringing up the rear, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no point in waitin\u8217\'92 up for Ayram. He\u8217\'92s dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto dismissed Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dour pronouncement with a sneer, and then he added, for everyone else\u8217\'92s benefit, \u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s not dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is too,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93Consumed by Mazydfire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He fell down a canyon before the flame even touched him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not what I saw,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t see shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah asked Moto, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram fell down a canyon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He jumped into it. To escape.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they argued back Mandri would have preferred the terrified running if it hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been so dark. It was absurd that it should be this dark. No temple he\u8217\'92d ever been in was so black\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it wasn\u8217\'92t a matter of no one being around to light the candles or lamps, because there weren\u8217\'92t any fittings bolted to the walls, and the chiseled ceiling was free from the soot of ages, and unlike Minting Rock, there weren\u8217\'92t any holes to let in natural light\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Shulgi was much too thick for that. If, as the Solitants say, the purpose of a temple is to help you lose yourself, then Shulgi performed that function admirably.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was art all along the walls that Mandri was just now noticing. Rows and rows of etchings wrapped around this apparent dead end, and they were stacked upon the each other from floor to the ceiling. The walls all throughout the place were carved and , and painted in shades of black and white. There were battle scenes, with rows and rows of soldiers and slaves poking each other with spears, garden scenes where Old Jandri lord strolled along in quiet contemplation, there were farming scenes of peace and plenty, scenes of Shis and horror, scenes of martyrs screaming Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name as tongues of flame licked their ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri walked along the wall, trying to read the story that was being told. It reminded him of tomb art. Some rich prick decides to spend a fortune decorating the inside of his tomb, and when the tomb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s door is sealed, no one is allowed to look at the piece but him. After a week of putrefaction, his eyes are reduced to brown, gooey prunes, and now no one is looking. A monumental waste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was never creative. They always asked for the same stories to be painted on their walls. Tell the story of the world, in whatever flavor one agrees with, usually starting with Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s , and then , graven into the inner side of the tomb door is a panel displaying the deceased\u8217\'92s contributions. A dull tradition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But, ah, wait.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Traditions are cultural memories, borne in the distant past. Maybe that tradition started here at Shulgi, and that long before it was ever the sanctuary of the Greskalun, Shulgi was a tomb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was an interesting idea, but not all the pieces fit. To start, Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite sure what he was looking at in terms of narrative. He wasn\u8217\'92t even sure if he were reading the panels in the right direction. Should he go from bottom to top, or the other way around? Left to right, or right to left, or was it some other confused schema altogether?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked for a scene which might strike him as familiar, so that he could orient himself. He skimmed through the various displays of beneficence, torture, growth, and decay until he came to the soft edge of the torchlight, a light which blinked every time Moto by frantic arms and hands trying to express an argument. Yet it was there that Mandri found a familiar scene. It was the moment of Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apotheosis, when He emerged out of void. It was represented here by a blank face emerging from a swirl, only, Solraheen did not look so serene, for his brow was troubled by a three-fingered claw mark that dug deep into rock all the way. Each claw was as wide as two fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, guys.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The others were too engrossed in argument to hear him. Moto was dragging the others into the pits of exasperation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri raised his voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They all stopped bickering and eyed Mandri with a annoyance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at this,\u8221\'94 he said, and he pointed up at the beastly gash in Solraheen\u8217\'92s forehead. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stepped over, studied the defacement, and shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just some scratches,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet waddled over and held her torch high. She stood on her tiptoes to get here eye close to the claw mark. Mandri thought he saw her sniff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When she balanced back on her heels her face gnarled into the deepest of all possible frowns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is as I feared,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that mean?\u8221\'94 said Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet grunted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It means we need to leave.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the old witch twirled, black robes fluttering, and trotted off into the darkness, expecting everyone else to follow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto pushed past Mandri to confront Elrahet. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Ayram?\u8221\'94, he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet shrugged him off and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram can handle himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you don\u8217\'92t even know where you\u8217\'92re going!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We make for the Backgate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To hear Moto say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you said you don\u8217\'92t remember\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s protestation was cut short when Elrahet stopped in her tracks and he bumped into her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter!\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared, and she whacked her conclusion into Moto\u8217\'92s leg with her staff. \u8220\'93The faster we are out of here, the better, and that won\u8217\'92t happen if we\u8217\'92re standing still!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their journey through the dark began anew with Elrahet leading the way, waving her torch at every dark turn. Here and there she inspected the smudges in the dirt varnish that coated the walls and floor. Whenever there was choice to be made about a path to take, she chose the one that was most likely to lead downwards, because she had a vague memory that the Backgate was, in her words, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93down around there somewhere down there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They ventured so far down into the mountain that it seemed to Mandri this temple was upside down. A temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s focus should be up, not down. Temples are built in high places because that puts them nearer to the heavens, and there should be an ascension to the roof where he could await the coming dawn. But they went down, and the further down they went, the wider the ways grew, the mustier the air smelled, and the colder the stone felt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet led them down a wide fan of stairs whose ceiling bowed up into a black void. The noise of their shuffling feet and heavy breathing echoed out and echoed back, as if their own ghosts were closing in on them. And after the ceiling, the walls disappeared, as they were now so far apart that the torchlight couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reach them. Suffice to say, Mandri no longer felt like he was \u8216\'91inside\u8217\'92.  The Ayramun were a splotch of light in a sea of darkness. If not for the hard stone under his feet and the faux-brick pattern on it, he would have supposed that they had wandered straight into the depths of Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I remember now,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She practically sprinted past two enormous coiled columns. These columns were easily four times the size of those in Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance hall, and they straddled a long tongue of obsidian-studded floor which marked a processional way. The Ayramun hurried past these columns, and ahead was another pair, then another, and another, when finally, they came upon an incredible sandstone throne set atop a plinth of granite. Its seat was smooth and featureless, as if carved by a river, and its back was a petrified spire of flame licked into a curl by an unseen of wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Elrahet stopped before it, took a moment catch her breath, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a hall behind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She scuttled around the throne, and the Ayramun followed. There behind the throne was, by Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reckoning, a normal arched doorway cut out of the stne. They all filtered through, and they hadn\u8217\'92t gotten ten steps into this narrower hall, when Elrahet stopped again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something on the ground had caught her attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She set her torch low to the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There, splattered across a  was an unmistakable splatter of blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Out of the dark echoed a voice so deep and wheezing that Mandri supposed it was the voice of the mountain itself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you make of it, witch?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The voice rattled Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bones. Again he was wracked with a paralyzing terror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An unaccounted-for voice weighs heavy on the scale of terror, heavier still if it comes echoing out a dark abyss, heavier still if it wheezes and warbles as if issuing forth from the throats of a hundred death-marked souls. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto sent his torch spinning in this voice\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s direction. The torch clattered along the floor, trailing sparks and licks of flame. It slid some distance before coming to a stop before a fold of skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In its upshot light was a beast of for which terror was pure emotion. It was so large, fat, and bloated, that it seemed entirely composed of bleeding pustules and skin. Mandri knew there there must be a mouth in there somewhere, for its rasping voice echoed out again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let them shee my full gloooory.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two enormous braziers erupted in flame to reveal that there was not one creature with them in the hall, but three. Sitting in between them was a creature so monstrous that unmistakably human, a bag of human beef, bloated beyond belief, and sticking out of the top, like a cork, was the upper torso of a skinny, bearded man shawled in a tattered green robe. On his head was a crown. Demon roaches the size of dogs. Instead of legs there pitch black human arms, a human face, eternally upwards, silently gulping air like a fish out of water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri turned to run, but crouching on the wall behind, were four more of those demon beetles. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri found his sight drawn toward that demon king.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said what he was thinking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What in shis are these?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet, who , answered through \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hag beetles. Careful of them. They\u8217\'92ve spines in their shells, and their shells are hard as rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A rumbling laugh boomed out from the amalgamete\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. \u8220\'93Keep your names to yourshelf, whitch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet stepped forth, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Most putrid king,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93none of us are worthy of a names, and yet a name, the bright lord gives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature smiled. His teeth were black and his spit was tar. The beetle-demons around him clicked and clacked, vibrating with their masters mood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A name?\u8221\'94 the creature mused. \u8220\'93A NAME!? Hhhhaaaaaahhhhh!\u8221\'94 The laugh sent a shudder through its whole bloated body. \u8220\'93Poison yourselves with your names. Chain your minds to your bodies with names. I and mine are more than a name can hold. Look at me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spread his arms out to show.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have perverted your flesh, Greskal.\u8221\'94 She threw in to the prouncement of his name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature, Greskal, laughed again, burping and as it did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ugh-urp-ahuhhheheh\u8230\'85 Greskal!?\u8230\'85 Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greskal leaned his great bulk forwards. Somewhere under his bulging girth were legs, but it was doubtful he could do much more than lean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am no longer Greskal. I have become\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I am becoming itself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I am the Amalgamete!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think me ugly?\u8221\'94 he said. He grabbed a handful of his own skin and pulled it, stretching it far beyond the point where normal skin would have split and ripped. It was as if his flesh was made from rubber, and in the dim light it seemed that the lump of flesh in his grip was wriggling like a squealing piglet. He let this piglet slip, and his flesh snapped back against his body with a satisfying smack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This flesh is the world,\u8221\'94 said Greskal as he caressed the welling redness. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you see? This is the stuff of the world into which a spark thrown. The whiter the light of the spark, the more this filth gloms onto it. I wear this body as proudly as my crown. These sores announce my virtue. These boils proclaim me divine. If you had the sight to see my purity, my sacrifice, you would supplicate yourselves before me as your god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet looked down her nose at Greskal and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your son had a stronger stomach than you. Your wife should have cut out your heart and made him king.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A paroxysmal twitch shuddered through Greskal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body. He pointed to Elrahet and shouted, \u8220\'93Silence that ensnaring womb!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A black spear was launched at Elrahet. Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword lashed out with blinding speed and sent the spear bouncing harmlessly aside. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greskal grunted his annoyance. Then he said, with a disapproving stare, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should offer yourselves willingly. Be joined together inside my stomach and taste union for once in your miserable lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crackling laughter, \u8220\'93Oh? Don\u8217\'92t want us to fight back? Does stressed meat taste fouler? Poor thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greskal grimaced. Tar pooled in his bottom lip. With the natural grace of a man made king from birth, he twirled his scrawny arm, snapped his fingers, and waved his minions onward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep them off everyone,\u8221\'94 Moto said to his sister. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll make the killing blows.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to do what I need to do,\u8221\'94 Moteah said as she threw down her pack and drew her sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was sweating, staring at the door behind to throne room, and beetle-demons who were now creeping down that wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl tried to slap the terror out of his cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wake up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb looked Purl in the eye, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You insane!? We don\u8217\'92t have a chance!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl slapped him again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb! Get hold of yourself!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb spat at her feet, and then he took off running towards the throne room door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was only a ten steps distance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb made it five.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A hag jumped off the wall, straight towards him. As it flew, its shell parted open, and a blur shot out of it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body went limp. A black spike was stuck right through his chest, through his pack, and through the Riga\u8217\'92s swaddled head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wanted to scream in horror, but no sound came out of his lungs. Seb fell to his knees, and then to the floor, gargling on blood and borcandi juice as he went. His killer, still clinging to him like a leech, retracted its spike back into its shell with a horrifying\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 schlick}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri held out his sword as Moto had taught him. His arm trembled. Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lessons didn\u8217\'92t prepare him to deal with an eight-armed, black-shelled, needle beetle from Shis. And there were four of them arrayed in front of him like a pack of a dogs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do I do?\u8221\'94 he asked Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just stab the damned things!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next thought that went through Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head was that things seem to jump faster when they\u8217\'92re jumping at you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He shrieked, closed his eyes, and swung out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He felt his blade hit the beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a squelching crunch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was still alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beetle demon was dead at his feet. Its back was absolutely crushed. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s murderous spike twitched feebly on the floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword was completely bloodless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other three beetle-demons took to the walls and scurried hurriedly back towards Greskal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was about to wonder if he had some secret power\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 then he noticed Ayram standing in the shadow of the throne room doorway. His spud bar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ball was dripping black with beetle-demon blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. \u8220\'93Thank god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stepped into the hall, and all the hag beetles fled back into Greskal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s domain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His face, beard, and shoulders were plastered in sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Arm\u8217\'92s useless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His left arm was tucked into his robe. Hiding a limp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that Greskal?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram sighed and gritted his teeth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have time for this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hoisted his spud bar up on his shoulder and walked towards the putrid king.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greskal smiled at the sight. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been expecting you,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93And I have a gift for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not interested,\u8221\'94 Ayram growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me a moment. A moment, and I\u8217\'92ll show it you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greskal rolled his eyes into white and he gave his head a good shake. This seemed to knock loose some internal blockage, and his shoulders shook as a chill ran up his spine. Then a wave rolled under his great bulk like the ocean rolling under a seaweed shore. Next came a shudder, then another wave, and another shudder. Couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be called stomach contractions, for they were violent, that Greskal screamed a scream so horrifying that even Ayram wavered. The wailing the voice ragged by the souls of all of those he\u8217\'92d eaten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greskal leaned back and another wave rippled his stomach. A boil burst open, and in its place was a cavity. Blackness oozed out of it, and when the inevitable shudder came this hole ripped wider and a taloned hand burst forth. Out of the amalgamete\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach poured a great demon slathered in tar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Half man, it stood up on two legs. Half lizard, it swished and flicked its razored tail. It was bigger than Ayram by a head and had the muscles of a prize-winning ox. Its eyes were fiery red, double lidded, and its pupils were a cloud of orange. It licked the air with a forked tongue, caught Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scent, and hissed. Then it stretched out its limbs for the first time, its arms were ribbons of muscle, it\u8217\'92s back a whip of muscle, sinew, and it\u8217\'92s jaw a of black fangs. As it stretched it discovered itself, the coursing power, it curled it\u8217\'92s and seemed to know what it was meant to do; if it didn\u8217\'92t it could read it on Mandri\u8217\'92s face.  Three fingered claw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It growled, and the vibration sent the hag-beetles clicking and scratching their spikes against the insides of their shells. They turned their dumb, lidless eyes towards the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on, my children,\u8221\'94 Greskal wheezed. He winced against another violent spasm that shook his whole body. Then he fainted. Then the hag beetles began again to crawl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get back!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted. \u8220\'93Against a wall!\u8221\'94 He twirled his spud bar under his arm and spat a challenge towards the reptilian. A snarl of fangs was the answer, and the demon took a step towards his prey\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only one step. It and Ayram were twenty yards apart, but for the speed between them it might as well have been a single step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beetles were still clicking their excitement as they scurried wide around these giants. Moto and Moteah herded Mandri, Elrahet, and Purl back into a corner, and between their shoulders, Mandri saw the hag beetles close ranks behind Ayram. They weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t at all interested in the giant. They kept on creeping along the hall. Some had ascended up into the darkness of the ceiling. Mandri could barely make out the dull shine of their eyes as they took up positions directly above him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram take a step backwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then another step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then all Shis broke loose. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So much happened so fast that Mandri }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the floor, three beetles jumped at once\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe it was more, Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure because the blur of bodies and limbs and . At least two jumped straight at Moto, who ducked to the left, leaving Mandri suddenly exposed to one of these black clicking balls of death. Before Mandri could flick the tip of his sword, Moto brought his blade down on the hag beetle\u8217\'92s back, and in a flash he cut right through the narrow gap of soft tissue right behind the beetle\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This dead beetle, severed head and all, plowed into Mandri and smashed him down to the ground, bleeding its black blood all over him. Though it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head tumbled to the floor, it\u8217\'92s body wasn\u8217\'92t dead yet. Its a seizure, and its hand-legs spasmed and one of them slapped Mandri in the cheek. Mandri would have laughed if it weren\u8217\'92t for the sight of another hag beetle up on the ceiling. It dropped. Things fall faster when they\u8217\'92re falling at you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This beetle crashed into its headless cousin, knocking the air out of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest and squeezing a jet of black ooze out of the dead beetle\u8217\'92s neck and right onto Mandri\u8217\'92s face. Then the beetle\u8217\'92s spike flew out of its back, but the dumb thing missed Mandri\u8217\'92s nose because the beetle\u8217\'92s eyes were on top its head. It struck out again, and missed again. Twice more the spike tap-tapped against the stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dumb bitch!\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beetle stopped striking. It swiveled its whole head around so that it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s saucer fish eyes were staring down right at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tugged hard on the dead body between them, and as the spike flew down at his face it met instead with the dead beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shell. Tried to pound through it like a hammer, he heard swish-squish and the beetle\u8217\'92s severed spike fell right in front of his nose. The beetle squeaked as a blade jutted through it\u8217\'92s head, right between its eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl pulled her sword out and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried to wriggle himself out from under the weight of the two dead beetles. His hips and thighs were pinned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me a hand,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?!\u8221\'94 said Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got two hands,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl kicked the top beetle off him, and Mandri was able to push himself free from the other. He got to his feet, wiped his face with his sleeve and marveled at the carnage; eight dead beetles lay strewn across the floor. One more was somehow smushed into the wall behind him. What beetles were left fled back along the hall, and one of these ventured too near to the duel of duels that raged between Ayram and the lizard demon. It was sliced in half by the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thrashing tail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neither of the giants moved with anything resembling weight. Ayram swung his dig bar so fast it curved and snapped straight against the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fending tail. Sparks flew, and the demon recoiled and raged and leaped forward in a wild spin, swiping out with its taloned hand, then its tail, knocking Ayram\u8217\'92s bar aside as the next set of talons were coming round. Ayram rolled backwards, ducked just below the blow, to leave a A and a swirl of dust between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only now that they were standing still could Mandri see how much they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ravaged eachother. The demon\u8217\'92s lower jaw was hanging off the side of its head. Its forked tongue hung limp against its neck. Ayram\u8217\'92s robe had been clawed to ribbons of flesh hung off his side, exposing the yellow fat, red muscle, and three gleaming white ribs that drowned in blood every time that Ayram exhaled.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah wiped her sword on the skirt of her robe. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet bore up her cane and smacked her rump.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help him!\u8221\'94 the old witch shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both Moteah and Moto stared down the hall. They could deal with hag-beetles easily enough, but the newborn was an enemy beyond them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah took off running towards the battle. Moto cursed, half in acceptance of his doom, half because his sister had accepted hers first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They got halfway to Ayram when the lizard noticed their coming. It gargled a hiss through its broken jaw and crouched down like a cat, its long tail raised like a scorpion. Outnumbered, it slowly retreated down the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s scared!\u8221\'94 said Moto as he and his sister took up positions at Ayram\u8217\'92s bleeding side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram spat a glob of red and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Careful. Don\u8217\'92t let it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The newborn jumped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It jumped all the way up to the ceiling, then bounded off it and over the heads of the three warriors. It hit the ground running straight for Mandri, Elrahet, and Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its great chest heaved as it ran, and its open throat screamed a wild, garbled growl underneath that permanent grin. It closed the distance in four swift bounds. Wide-eyed, Mandri stared down his final moments with a terrified calm. Time seemed to congeal, allowing him to appreciate the beauty of his killer. This demon was enormous, strong, sleek, and aside from its flapping jaw, it was perfectly symmetrical. No ugly ears. Its scaly skin glistened in the sheen of its afterbirth. It leaped towards Mandri. The sheer size of it swallowed up. Curiously, it rolled in the air. The explanation for this maneuver came swiping in from the periphery: it rolled under Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spud bar, which missed. The lizard\u8217\'92s tail didn\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it ripped a gash right across Ayram\u8217\'92s exposed stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lizard crashed into Mandri and sent him sprawling. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And expecting to see the newborn hollowing out it chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was on the floor, lifeless. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blade was hilted in the top of its skull.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram sank to his knees. Blood was pouring like a stream from the fissure in his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet screamed as she ran and caught Ayram in her bosom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah and Moto sprinted up behind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s strength gave way and he slumped down onto the old witch\u8217\'92s shoulder. Moto and Moteah seized his arms before Elrahet crumbled under his weight, and they all helped him down to the ground. Elrahet gently laid his head down on the stone and wiped away the muck of battle from his brow with her thumb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My child,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93My child\u8230\'85This I can not heal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great heads were clutching at his stomach. His breathing was staggered and wet. He looked at his witch, and his eyes were filled with the wonder of a moment long expected. He tried to speak. Elrahet shushed him with a finger to her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I know\u8230\'85I will sing your name to Solraheen, and he will know. He will know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted to Moto. He reached out with his bloody hand and his fingers found the strength to grasp Moto\u8217\'92s hand as tight as vice. For a brief moment, the two men beheld each other, shared an unspoken word, then Ayram\u8217\'92s fingers loosened and the light went out of his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A gloom passed over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl almost a squeak. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do we do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one answered. They all around their leader.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah finally spoke up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We keep going. For Ayram\u8217\'92s sake. For everyone\u8217\'92s sake, we keep going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go where?\u8221\'94 Moto said through clenched teeth and frustrated tears. \u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s dead. There\u8217\'92s a Mazyd coming. Dumb-ass Seb got the Riga\u8217\'92s head split open, so unless Elrahet can pull a spark out of a mouthless corpse then our Mazyd is as good as useless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All eyes turned to Elrahet. That their long mission was at an end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto is right,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93The Riga is spoiled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we have nothing,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93And this is over.\u8221\'94 He formed his hand into the sign of Solraheen and closed Ayram\u8217\'92s lids. Then he stood up, took a moment to gather his wits, then unsheathed his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto pointed his blade at the unconscious Greskal. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to carve up that bloated fool before that damned Mazyd gets the chance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strange, because here he was, alive yet again despite the odds, this time because of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sacrifice. This should have been another reason to, and yet, he felt hopeless. Hopelessness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 now that is a complex emotion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This can\u8217\'92t be over,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl looked at him with and simply said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t what? This can\u8217\'92t be over. This is all supposed to mean something. There\u8217\'92s no way this is the end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet all the tiredness hit her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is no \u8216\'91end\u8217\'92 Mandri. Nor is there a new beginning. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A demon king with a stomach bearing horrors straight from Shis? That\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8230\'85Oh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto! Stop!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MOTO, DAMMIT!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93WHAT!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone bring the legless Mazyd. And someone get my needle and string.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stuffs Obo into Greskals stomach. And sews him up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}