{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Far from it. As you know, the note in my coffin said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92. That was a mere statement of fact\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everybody dies. My father had no intention of hunting me down. He\u8217\'92d only hoped that the awareness of death might spur me into action, and it did. I don\u8217\'92t know he ever discovered what I\u8217\'92ve made of myself, but I like to think that the abatement of his despair would have been most sublime, for he had, ultimately, triumphed against the Black. Now, I want to say the same thing to you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 listen to what I say, Mandri\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you are going to die}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I certainly hope so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen to me,\u8221\'94 Vigram said as he scooted in close. More serious than anyone ever was. \u8220\'93Listen to me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you are going to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Uneasy pause. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right now? No. Maybe. Tomorrow? What is the difference? You\u8217\'92re going to die, Mandri.\u8221\'94 A little shake of his head, as if that might shake loose the webs in Mandri\u8217\'92s will.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t really care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lora is like a blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see,\u8221\'94 Vigram said to her. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s perfect. He\u8217\'92s right on the edge of complete abandonment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rendering that leaf, giving it light and shadow and form, that would only distract the eye from true subject at hand, usually a}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram shifted uneasily on his stool. He opened his mouth to introduce her, but Pel tsked at him, and then, darkening, she stepped forward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, your future follows me,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93That much, I can see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew it!\u8221\'94 Vigram squealed. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s perfect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s on the very edge of complete abandonment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How are you feeling, Mandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This wastrel\u8217\'92s father was a carpenter,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93Woe betide this poor carpenter, his son was a profligate child. Whether it was burgeons, women, or friends, this wastrel spent his father\u8217\'92s money without caring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this story supposed to be about me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The implication,\u8221\'94 Vigram continued, \u8220\'93is obvious. We are each empty at the bottom. If we did have some purpose, surely all the wealthy people of the world would be joyous people, not whatever it is that they are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does any of this have to do with your story?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beard seemed to fractal into smoke at the edges. It was an awesome sight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is killing a question of morality?\u8221\'94 Pel asked. Somehow, her voice seemed more firm than the rest of her being. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ask it differently\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 would it be a great loss if everyone in the world dropped dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the point of this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Early chapter needs to be this event where Mandri says, I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do anything for you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chapter 2 is likely place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Instead of languishing on his farm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The escaped ox, mooing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t do anything for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bean plants. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do anything for them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But I like the element  of a creature being in  completely foreign environment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t do anything for you,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, even though he knew he could do something. He could put in effort. He stopped and turned and saw that . But then he thought about how many dogs were out there, starving. People would eat dog. He had eaten dog before.  Some religions believed that this was the sort of bad thing that happened to a creature because of its sins in a past life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rooster cockle-dooed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What kind of cruel world this was to put that rooster in its position. Cruel to him too, for confronting him with it. And so he walked away, absolutely disgusted with himself but resigned in the belief that this is the way the world was and always would be. This was the kind of person he was. It was the kind of person everyone was. Nobody cared much for other people unless they were getting something out of it. Sometimes that something is the absolution of guilt, or freedom from the discomfort of seeing another creature suffer. Perhaps those were silly things to judge people for, because why else would someone help someone else? Nonetheless, it was another reason not to help that rooster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He walked away, absolutely disgusted with himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cant change the world. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not much point in the small courtesy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In convo with Vigram, Why\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d you stop painting? Mandri says nobody really cares about it. Not really. Not deeply. It\u8217\'92s only something to do. Doesn\u8217\'92t really matter what I do. World is grey.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A more intense, boiling swirl might come soon. It would have come already if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d sipped black-eye burgeons, but only if he\u8217\'92d picked them fresh and got to the juice quick. These down-valley burgeons did things differently. They\u8217\'92d make textures slide, edges bleed, but their chief effect was that anything bright would sparkle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the ox\u8217\'92s stubby white horns, the sunlight filtering through the drifting boughs of the hornscrub tree overhead, the puffs of cloud in the sky, pretty much everything that wasn\u8217\'92t hidden in shadow would sparkle. The effect was less pronounced when the burgeon was mixed in with a nasty hooch like this, but that didn\u8217\'92t matter, because the only thing Mandri really wanted to see was the sight of that salt stain on his field sparkling as it squirmed around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing the salt move like that made him feel like he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lost a battle to an inanimate thing. That salt was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 alive}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . That swarm of wriggling white larvae were actively gnawing on his wilted bean stalks. And wrapped on poles like that, Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light, those withered stalks looked so much like martyred pilgrims.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nestled deeper into the tree trunk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s embrace as a cool breeze caressed his cheek. He sighed a little half-sipped, absent sigh, the kind of sigh that he\u8217\'92d start to make whenever he was ready for a nap. He let his eyelids slouch as he watched the flies buzz in and out of ox\u8217\'92s snout. The ox snorted to blow those fuzzy black dots out of its great big nostrils, but the flies zipped right back in to lick at the only reliable source of moisture that they could find in this godforsaken field.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Burgeon spiked hooch had never given Mandri an extra inner voice before. Odd that it should sound so much like Vigram.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The big man was wrapped in an olive robe with red-thread leaves trimming the sleeves, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri blinked, squinted, and was stunned to see that Vigram did not disappear. So, he picked up a pebble, threw it, then watched it bounce off Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly before getting lost in the blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps the man was real.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram turned and encouraged Lora to venture into the shade of the hornscrub tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram fidgeted in his chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The tree branch framing her figure swayed in the wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dust swirled against her waist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It seemed all the world was alive with movement, but she, this witch, was a pillar. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever it is you want me to do, I\u8217\'92m not interested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care what you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to do, Mandri. There is only what you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  do. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  You see, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never explained to you what makes a genius, so I\u8217\'92ll tell you now. It is something like a despairing hate. I don\u8217\'92t like the word, hate, as it has high walls, so I\u8217\'92ll say instead, it is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 aversion}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that makes a genius. A person has to dislike what everyone else is doing in order to go through the effort of finding a new solution which no one else could see. Everyone else,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he said, spreading his arms out so as to summon the masses of world into his embrace, \u8220\'93everyone else is traveling down a wide and easy road which we might call culture, and you see where they\u8217\'92re going, and it does not look enjoyable to you, so you drop off that road. A lot of people drop off that easy road, but the ones who are capable enough to forge their own path, these are the potentials. You are one of them. This is why I am excited, because without knowing, you have already taken the first few steps down an untrodden path, and I find myself in a position to help you get to where you\u8217\'92re going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her eyes turned to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s failure of a farm. To the east, the world beyond was drier, more thorny, and it was like that all the way up to the Hias mountains. Depressingly, the other side of those mountains was a desert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If a person ever finds themselves blessed with wealth and health beyond comprehension, what happens to them? I suspect you have seen it first hand, how impoverishing wealth is when a person acquires it. I\u8217\'92ve seen it through the eyes of the Hrkan Lords. Without any real concerns to distract them, you might think that they are free to pursue their life\u8217\'92s intrinsic purpose and be fulfilled, but that is not what happens. They either lose themselves to pleasure, or they begin to invent enemies where there are none. They feel boxed in. It is a frustration so thorough and complete that they lose all sense. What does it mean when wealth frees these people from the indignities of life, and they turn, naturally, into some aberrant husk of a person? Do you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do see the implication, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vision was beginning to swirl, so he could hardly see anything except for the Lora\u8217\'92s brown locks flowing out the front of her cowl. Each curl was like a river unto itself, endlessly flowing, dissolving, yet always staying in the same spot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri craned his neck to see if he could read the scrawl on the cover, but of course the burgeonsight made that impossible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She opened the book,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri snarled, picked up a rock, and he leaped after the old hag who sat watching with glee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One sharp elbow into his uglies sent him sprawling to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re not a eunuch,\u8221\'94 Lora said with an awful sneer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scrambled to reach for her robe, but the cloth appeared to melt between his fingers. And then he saw something he could not believe.}}