{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is a map of Shis hanging on the second floor of the eastern wing of the Great Library of Jeket. It is an enormous map, roughly two-men long and one-and-a-half tall, and as a child, Mandri studied every scratch of washed-out ink on that stitched-together ribbon of bleached lizard skin, which taken together look like an stiff puddle of curdled milk suffused with fungus. It occupied such a privileged position in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s imagination because the map wasn\u8217\'92t merely lines and labels, it was crawling with drawings of demons. Men with chicken heads and chicken feet breathed fire at the margins, chickens with lizard arms and phallic extrusions flopping on their backs pecked at little stick figures that represented humans. He studied that map more than any master-work, so much so that the names of places were firmly fixed in his memory\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Shusa,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Plain of Woe\u8221\'94. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Kikarukabam}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where adulterers are split\u8221\'94. Zuudramu, \u8220\'93The Pits of Apostasy\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This map was made in the Old Jandri age by a priest of the name Batata. The story goes that Batata had set out into the Sand to discover which way the fabled Shurka river flowed. No one knew precisely where the river was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 somewhere east\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Batata found it and settled the issue, he said it flowed west. Few believed him because he also claimed to have discovered the location of another fabled place\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the golden city of Kurbakee. There was a rich reward for discovering the way to Kurbakee, and Batata tried to claim it. When he was refused, and his directions were doubted, he convinced a royal map-maker to set out with him into the Sand and officially chart the way. Only Batata returned, some years later, carrying with him a map of Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribal consensus was that this map of Shis was a crude money making maneuver, and it worked, as some gullible merchant prince did eventually purchase it. The minority opinion claimed that the map was a spiritual scare tactic designed by Batata to further Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kingdom. Scare tactics were common to scribes and priests in every age because virtue without terror is impotent. People have got to be scared of divine retribution, or else they\u8217\'92ll loosen their lips, loosen their hips, and start stabbing at anything that walks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both of these were workable explanations, but Mandri disagreed with them. He thought there was too much effort on display for it all to be a cynical lie. Because that map of Shis wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only the map that Batata made. Some of the others outlined Jandri\u8217\'92s true shape, and one of these was the first to correctly place, more or less, each of the Sand\u8217\'92s eight portions. If he were correct about that, then what about those small dots that void the Sand like baby spiders, each with a postscript saying, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Shiskason}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , or, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Entrance into Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These dots were so far out into the desert that no rational person would try and verify their existence. Batata himself said that these dots were only approximations, and that he had only stumbled onto these pits in the earth by pure happenstance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not things that can be seen from a distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is one moth-eaten scroll where Batata accounts his descent into one of these \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91gashes\u8217\'92. This descent is where he gained the knowledge of Shis\u8217\'92s outlay. It is a poetic work, without much poetic value, and it was written in a mind-numbing meter which could put the most Spark-bitten child to sleep. Half its lines were eaten away by bugs, and half of the rest didn\u8217\'92t need to be written at all, and yet, there was one refrain that stuck with Mandrameen throughout the years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Batata recounted how he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been stumbling through the pitch black, torch in hand, when he came upon a relatively unassuming stone door frame. It was three simple grey-stone blocks, tall and narrow, with perfectly plumb and squared beams. Engraved into these pillars was an ancient verse. It rhymes in Old Jandri, but written out in common, it reads:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some claimed that Batata invented this verse out of whole cloth. Others took it up as a righteous creed that preached detachment from the world, and so they impressed the lines into their heads through blunt repetition. Batata himself claimed that it was a set of dark commandments, literal commandments that he named Schisol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s creed, and he claimed that they must be obeyed if one were to pass under this threshold and move into the realm of Shis. The last line was especially grim, for according to Batata it implied that if the living wished to cross into that dark realm, they must bring along a ritual sacrifice. In exchange, Schisol\u8217\'92s servants would grant the ritualist immortality, and thus, he or she would never be called to Shis again.}}