{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lost to the injuries of time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A person of great consideration - 350 lbs. Fat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The regent for ecomony sold half the royal stables, he remarked }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More sensible to sell }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Half the asses that filled the royal court - Francois - voltair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I wager I can show yous omething you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never seen? What is that? The inside of the bastille. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  convert this to a sword through the head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bouthg all the tickets in a poorly planned government lottery, made a large sum.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll beat your head until something good comes out of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The quakers asonished all christians by acting like christians.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tried to learn german, but gave it up after choking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finesse which can kill without giving offense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr haller is fantastic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He doesnt say the same of you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AH. Perhaps we are both mistaken.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 SOl preserve me from my people. I can take care of my enemies myself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr pangloss given a lesson in experimental natural philosophy to his mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chambermaid.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 One day Cunegonde, while walking near the castle, in a little wood which they called a park, saw between the bushes, Dr. Pangloss giving a lesson in experimental natural philosophy to her mother's chamber-maid, a little brown wench, very pretty and very docile. As Miss Cunegonde had a great disposition for the sciences, she breathlessly observed the repeated experiments of which she was a witness; she clearly perceived\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 4]the force of the Doctor's reasons, the effects, and the causes; she turned back greatly flurried, quite pensive, and filled with the desire to be learned; dreaming that she might well be a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sufficient reason}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~for young Candide, and he for her.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There he was made to wheel about to the right, and to the left, to draw his rammer, to return his rammer, to present, to fire, to march, and they gave him thirty blows with a cudgel. The next day he did his exercise a little less badly, and he received but twenty blows. The day following they gave him only ten, and he was regarded by his comrades as a prodigy.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 An able surgeon cured Candide in three weeks by means of emollients taught by Dioscorides. He had already a little skin, and was able to march when the King of the Bulgarians gave battle to the King of the Abares}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 they have not left one stone upon another, not a barn, nor a sheep, nor a duck, nor a tree; but we have had our revenge, for the Abares have done the very same thing to a neighbouring barony, which belonged to a Bulgarian lord."}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 and having slept himself sober,}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}