{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Just elrahet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - can have focus on the Black.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Elrahet and Lora}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - establish conflict between the two}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two philosophies in conflict.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unity/wholeness/happiness}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Diversity/Separation/creation/instantiation}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - elrahet sad}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Lora taunts her}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - resorts to pushing the Black.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bits of information needed:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two minds in one body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These two minds are set against themselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ragnarok battlefield dead }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Looking for any that can be helped, but they have been shorn. The hunger of the enemy grows strong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sees the the two crests side by side. The sun against the inverted sun. These two men knew they prayed to the same confused god.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - sees two engaged in conflict.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Battle line had spread like a wildfire beyond the horizon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Witness the two envoys of the forked god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Adjudicator}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mediator}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Arbiter}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We are all servants of the forked god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You have no power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Third}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pattern of see detail, establish thought.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If Elrahet does it, then }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve known for a long time that ultimate victory is impossible, so long as your god exists. The obvious conclusion is that He needs to die, and that would have been done, if not that He shares a body with my own god. That victory and defeat are the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Neither of us can win while the other}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}