{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Kalak rounded a rocky stone ridge and stumbled to a stop before the body of a dying thunderclast. The enormous stone beast lay on its side, riblike protrusions from its chest broken and cracked. The monstrosity was vaguely skeletal in shape, with unnaturally long limbs that sprouted from granite shoulders. The eyes were deep red spots on the arrowhead face, as if created by a fire burning deep within the stone. They faded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dude stumbling upon  dead beast/}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Even after all these centuries, seeing a thunderclast up close made Kalak shiver. The beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand was as long as a man was tall. He\u8217\'92d been killed by hands like those before, and it hadn\u8217\'92t been pleasant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Of course, dying rarely was.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 establishing that this dude dies and resurrects}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 He rounded the creature, picking his way more carefully across the battlefield. The plain was a place of misshapen rock and stone, natural pillars rising around him, bodies littering the ground. Few plants lived here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 establishing battlefield is over}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The stone ridges and mounds bore numerous scars. Some were shattered, blasted-out sections where Surgebinders had fought. Less frequently, he passed cracked, oddly shaped hollows where thunderclasts had ripped themselves free of the stone to join the fray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Many of the bodies around him were human; many were not. Blood mixed. Red. Orange. Violet. Though none of the bodies around him stirred, an indistinct haze of sounds hung in the air. Moans of pain, cries of grief. They did not seem like the sounds of victory. Smoke curled from the occasional patches of growth or heaps of burning corpses. Even some sections of rock smoldered. The Dustbringers had done their work well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 establishing this is a fantasy world with different races}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But I survived,\~Kalak thought, hand to breast as he hastened to the meeting place.\~I actually survived this time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 That was dangerous. When he died, he was sent back, no choice. When he survived the Desolation, he was supposed to go back as well. Back to that place that he dreaded. Back to that place of pain and fire. What if he just decided\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85not to go?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Perilous thoughts, perhaps traitorous thoughts. He hastened on his way.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 establishes this is a cyclical battle\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 establishes the prison aspect, and the choice not to go.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The place of meeting was in the shadow of a large rock formation, a spire rising into the sky. As always, the ten of them had decided upon it before the battle. The survivors would make their way here. Oddly, only one of the others was waiting for him. Jezrien. Had the other eight all died? It was possible. The battle had been so furious this time, one of the worst. The enemy was growing increasingly tenacious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sees detail of the meeting place - establishes the circle of ten}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But no. Kalak frowned as he stepped up to the base of the spire. Seven magnificent swords stood proudly here, driven point-first into the stone ground. Each was a masterly work of art, flowing in design, inscribed with glyphs and patterns. He recognized each one. If their masters had died, the Blades would have vanished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 These Blades were weapons of power beyond even Shardblades. These were unique. Precious. Jezrien stood outside the ring of swords, looking eastward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sees swords - lets him know that 8 had survived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jezrien?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The figure in white and blue glanced toward him. Even after all these centuries, Jezrien looked young, like a man barely into his thirtieth year. His short black beard was neatly trimmed, though his once-fine clothing was scorched and stained with blood. He folded his arms behind his back as he turned to Kalak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this, Jezrien?\u8221\'94 Kalak asked. \u8220\'93Where are the others?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Departed.\u8221\'94 Jezrien\u8217\'92s voice was calm, deep, regal. Though he hadn\u8217\'92t worn a crown in centuries, his royal manner lingered. He always seemed to know what to do. \u8220\'93You might call it a miracle. Only one of us died this time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 establishes what has happened to the eight who have survived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Talenel,\u8221\'94 Kalak said. His was the only Blade unaccounted for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. He died holding that passage by the northern waterway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Kalak nodded. Taln had a tendency to choose seemingly hopeless fights and win them. He also had a tendency to die in the process. He would be back now, in the place where they went between Desolations. The place of nightmares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  one is unaccounted for - he is dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Kalak found himself shaking. When had he become so weak? \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jezrien, I can\u8217\'92t return this time.\u8221\'94 Kalak whispered the words, stepping up and gripping the other man\u8217\'92s arm. \u8220\'93I\~can\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Kalak felt something within him break at the admission. How long had it been? Centuries, perhaps millennia, of torture. It was so hard to keep track. Those fires, those hooks, digging into his flesh anew each day. Searing the skin off his arm, then burning the fat, then driving to the bone. He could smell it. Almighty, he could\~smell\~it!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave your sword,\u8221\'94 Jezrien said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jezrien nodded to the ring of weapons. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was chosen to wait for you. We weren\u8217\'92t certain if you had survived. A\u8230\'85a decision has been made. It is time for the Oathpact to end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Kalak felt a sharp stab of horror. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What will that do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ishar believes that so long as there is one of us still bound to the Oathpact, it may be enough. There is a chance we might end the cycle of Desolations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Kalak looked into the immortal king\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes. Black smoke rose from a small patch to their left. Groans of the dying haunted them from behind. There, in Jezrien\u8217\'92s eyes, Kalak saw anguish and grief. Perhaps even cowardice. This was a man hanging from a cliff by a thread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Almighty above,\~Kalak thought.\~You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re broken too, aren\u8217\'92t you?\~They all were.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Kalak turned and walked to the side, where a low ridge overlooked part of the battlefield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There were so many corpses, and among them walked the living. Men in primitive wraps, carrying spears topped by bronze heads. Juxtaposed between them were others in gleaming plate armor. One group walked past, four men in their ragged tanned skins or shoddy leather joining a powerful figure in beautiful silver plate, amazingly intricate. Such a contrast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jezrien stepped up beside him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They see us as divinities,\u8221\'94 Kalak whispered. \u8220\'93They rely upon us, Jezrien. We\u8217\'92re all that they have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They have the Radiants. That will be enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Kalak shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He will not remain bound by this. The enemy. He will find a way around it. You know he will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps.\u8221\'94 The king of Heralds offered no further explanation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And Taln?\u8221\'94 Kalak asked.\~The flesh burning. The fires. The pain over and over and over\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better that one man should suffer than ten,\u8221\'94 Jezrien whispered. He seemed so cold. Like a shadow caused by heat and light falling on someone honorable and true, casting this black imitation behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jezrien walked back to the ring of swords. His own Blade formed in his hands, appearing from mist, wet with condensation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It has been decided, Kalak. We will go our ways, and we will not seek out one another. Our Blades must be left. The Oathpact ends now.\u8221\'94 He lifted his sword and rammed it into the stone with the other seven.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jezrien hesitated, looking at the sword, then bowed his head and turned away. As if ashamed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We chose this burden willingly. Well, we can choose to drop it if we wish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do we tell the people, Jezrien?\u8221\'94 Kalak asked. \u8220\'93What will they say of this day?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s simple,\u8221\'94 Jezrien said, walking away. \u8220\'93We tell them that they finally won. It\u8217\'92s an easy enough lie. Who knows? Maybe it will turn out to be true.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Kalak watched Jezrien depart across the burned landscape. Finally, he summoned his own Blade and slammed it into the stone beside the other eight. He turned and walked in the direction opposite from Jezrien.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And yet, he could not help glancing back at the ring of swords and the single open spot. The place where the tenth sword should have gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The one of them who was lost. The one they had abandoned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Forgive us,\~Kalak thought, then left.}}