{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Centuries of purpose weaving by both Solraheen and Schisol leads to the witches on either side mistrusting every line.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose is in a state of disrepair.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 Very few lines of fate. Only those somewhat recently laid by Pel and Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The gods are truly dead.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 The \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91story\u8217\'92 of the world is a mess.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 There is no resolution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pel and Elrahet struggle against eachother to draw lines which reach a conclusion in the other\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s defeat. Their Sparks were both imbued with the words for weaving fate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet bequeathes her Spark to Mandri, believing that he will defeat Pel where she could not, and secure the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s continued future. She sees that Pel will willingly bequeath her Spark to Mandri, as Pel believes that Mandri will end the world. But Elrahet believes that Mandri will not do this; the will to existence is too strong. Both witches are acting on what they believe to be is Mandri\u8217\'92s character.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cosmology:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Allwhite exists and is infinite. The Black exists inside of the Allwhite, and is finite. Allwhite spreads around, presses against, derives its form, from the spherical shape of the Black. They are co-eternal, but the Allwhite is indefinite, whereas the Black is the definite. There is complexity at the boundary\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  patterns stick to time. A cosmic broil of indefinite popping into the definite, and back out again. One of these fluctuations became fascinated with the finite, and the urge to explore it was so great, that it tunneled through the boundary. And so, a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  measure of the infinite found itself trapped inside of the Black. This measure was Solraheen.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the realm of the finite, He discovered the existence, the power, the pleasure, of the word, which could not exist in the infinite, nor at the boundary, at least, not for any reasonable length of time. Through the power of the word, he was able to remove a chunk from the Black, and a permeable barrier between the infinite and definite was exposed. He spoke another word which defined a bounded infinite set within the finite realm, and infinity flooded into it. This flood of Allwhite condensed into the Allwhite Spark. Solraheen pulled from this to explore the finite. This was his work of Creation. He created living things, and became fascinated with finite change, characterized by death. Eventually he wanted to experience death for himself, became convinced that meaning is greater if given boundaries. So he stepped through the permeable part between the Black and the Allwhite, to be rejoined with, and obscured, inside the Allwhite. But the infinite is always full, so in crossing that boundary, his infinite volume squeezed out another measure of the infinite into the Black. This condensed into Schisol. Schisol saw creation, was disgusted by it, rejoined it with himself and tried to return to the Allwhite. But the infinite is always full, so in crossing that boundary, Solraheen was popped back out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solraheen, confused, assumed that creation had somehow condensed itself and passed the boundary. He began his work again in earnest, this time creating humans to act as stewards to ensure that creation stayed where it was suppose to stay. He leaves, Schisol pops back out, and Schisol sees creation, is horrified.  He enlists humanity in his act of destruction. Some humans resisted, were \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91tortured\u8217\'92 (injected with the infinite), became gods themselves. Schisol made them this way so as to make them see reason. But they resisted, and were able to banish Schisol into the Allwhite. Solraheen popped out, and the problem was revealed - he and schisol were the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solraheen set about fixing creation, but Schisol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s minons were alert. They summoned the first Burshageet, who gave birth to an assassin which banished Solraheen. Out popped Schisol, and the state of things was explained to him. He decided to make an envoy to spread his message to Solraheen to stop this nonsense, and figure out how to be rejoined with the Allwhite. He then popped back into the Allwhite, and Solraheen returned. Solraheen denied Schisol\u8217\'92s request, and they two have been fighting over the fate of the finite ever since.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Schisol invented the word fate, and used it to subvert the action of independent wills. Solraheen countered this but cutting these threads with shards of Fabled Black pulled from that original chunk which floats somewhere out there in the void. But both sides employ fate and chop it up in the hopes of achieving ultimate victory; Solraheen to have the world persist, Schisol to have it condense. Solraheen was the most recent Being. He organized the world well enough so that his side would have the upper hand in any future conflict, and then called down the chunk of Fabled Black to obliterate himself. He hoped, then, that Elrahet and the Hrkan world would be able to manage to end Schisols minions by themselves. Or, alternatively, Solraheen was losing and decided to destroy himself, thus obliterating all hope of Schisol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s minions of being rejoined with the infinite.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Option A}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Only Elrahet and Pel have purpose streaming out. Everyone else has web of threads that behave according to their character - Ayram dominant. Moto scratching. Moteah to Mandri. Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s largely limp and/or attached to herself. All Sparks netted, sense a yearning. Him like an object. Sparkless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own webs are absent. Stuff sticks to him, he doesn\u8217\'92t stick to stuff.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Option EXXX WHAT IS MANDRI}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mandri has some glowing property to him. Shows that he possesses some measure of the infinite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Some measure of the infinite was put in him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pel and Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Sparks are fading???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pel knew she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t outlast Mandri\u8217\'92s infinite??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - If he has the spark, then what the fuck is the deal with the breath???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - In Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lungs!?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - HAS TO BE Sparkless to make receiving Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spark matter. But if the power is in the lungs and that power is robbed, then receiving the Spark wont resolve that against the Burshageet\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2 separate problems}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Riga disables Mandri with breath. = no breath}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Moteah disables Mandri with will. = no Spark}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Getting Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark enables will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where does he get his breath?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WHERE IS HIS MEASURE OF THE INFINITE LOCATED???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lungs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Heart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Option B}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - All have spark trajectories set up by Elrahet - but this is counter to her goals\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - NO \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91web\u8217\'92. Fate is fate. Either it\u8217\'92s there or it\u8217\'92s not.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Option C}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Short line trajectories. In line with the character - Seb basically none. Ayram extending far. Elrahet further. Basically the thread is an extension of will; how far ahead into the future they are thinking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}