{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Only problem with this is no reveal after Amalgamete dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - unless it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Ayram who gives the reveal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - while he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dying, he tells the story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Mandri kills Elrahet in secret while high. Everyone is just like, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s off to do witchy things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Greskal will help us.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Other problem - two sacrifices one after another.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Make Mandri the Minder????}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After Demon Bit}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Ends up in Shiskason cave}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Poultice + convo with Purl why you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t control me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Seb tempts Mandri with some burgeons}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - burgeon scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Pell says the boy is destined for great things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - says need them to head right for the Amalgamete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - When the time comes, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll take care of that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - gives Mandri a burgeon}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - march to Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - threads of purpose???? - Mandri takes burgeon here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - all plays out minus the poultice scene}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - post minting rock plays out}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - sees wilding out of Elrahet. Doing voodo arm wavy magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Have you seen this Amalgamete before?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -No. I can feel his Presence. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Oh, you feel it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Somewhere in the Goree Mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Togetherness}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - mandri tries to convince purl to dump Elrahet. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve seen your Spark its just as bright????}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - She can see the threads, see the future. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s harsh on me, but it\u8217\'92s for a purpose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Ugmukheen}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - need to change plans. Go for the Goree Pass instead of the Bullr Basin. Won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to make it to Bullr now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see Sparks. I can see threads.\u8221\'94 I bet this helps. I can get you a Spark. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Journey}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Mandri is on the god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye. Tripping balls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - sees lines of purpose leading towards a rock. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a god damn demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Ayramun treat it like it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stupid. Throw rock at it, it hides.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Opportunity to test purl. Mandri see\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s everyone\u8217\'92s Sparks + the threads tying them together. Elrahet is doing her shit, waving arms around gathering up threads, cuts them with her knife, to get Purl to focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Purl fails.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Elrahet freaks. Gonna kill her. Mandri kills Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Ayram freaks/she must have seen something}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Purl tells the story - solraheen and schisol are the same entity. Elrahet and Pell are their consorts. Been doing battle against eachother for a millenia. With Elrahet dead, there is no one to challenge Pell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - What about me? I can shoot Mazidfire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - But can you see the threads?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Mandri says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see the threads.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But can you weave them?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Goree Pass}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Pretty standard}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - No Hrkan soldiers if we do , we need to bring back in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Shulgi}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Add in, The Amalgamete is here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Enter into dark room - whistling - Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pseudospark flies out of his body. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - Ayram does a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay here, I\u8217\'92ll go check it out\u8221\'94. But they must move and are chased down \tab \tab \tab into the depths.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Amalgamete}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Stumble down to Amalgamete chambers, Purl is despondent.\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Stumble upon room with Salavan + Mazidariga. Amalgamete is in the shadows behind them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Purl is like, Mandri, you have to do it. Take my Spark. She kisses her own Spark into him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Mandri gives it to Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Obo kills all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab We did it!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab No, we are witchless. Pell is still alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pell lives in Shis?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - We can do it. Come on Mandri. Venture down to Shis to fix the problem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a hole. A tunnel by the looks of it. How hard can it be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Shis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - They quickly become lost}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Mandri stuffs up burgeons, sees thread of purpose. Follows it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Reach the gate of Shis - Pell comes out}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Trade barbs - we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve killed your Amalgamete, we\u8217\'92ve come to end you. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve already won. I\u8217\'92ll start with you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Waves her hands,  light of purpose gunning for Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Encounter horde of demons, which Obo slays, but they ruin him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Alternatively, Everybody but Mandri dies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Mandri is able to cut himself free, but not everyone else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Pell and Mandri convo}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab Mandri}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}