{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nobody who knew Mandrameen could describe him without descending into sarcasm. He was an artist, and prone to an artist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s excesses; too many big ideas, too many shallow excuses, and he thought far too much of his own work, such that the only way to speak of him was to use his own inflated language, followed, of course, by something like a wink. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91friend\u8217\'92 might say, \u8220\'93This painting really moves me,\u8221\'94 and then make a show of walking away. Another might say, \u8220\'93I weep at every stroke of color,\u8221\'94 and then flash a knowing smile. They rest comfortably in the knowledge that Mandrameen was a safe target for derision, maybe he was the only safe target, because it wasn\u8217\'92t really him they\u8217\'92re making fun of, it was that famous \u8216\'91Artist\u8217\'92s Temperament\u8217\'92. Nobody seriously faulted him for that, because everyone knows that it takes a certain kind of person to push through the barbs and put themselves in front of others. It takes a tough skin, unreasonable confidence, and a flair for the dramatic. Without any of that, an artist is doomed to live a life of sad obscurity. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, none of that is actually true, but the truth of it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really matter. The point is that skilled artists tend to be pricks, and they tend to say prickish things. It should come as no surprise, then, to find that Mandrameen believed that his opinion was better than everyone else\u8217\'92s. That is, perhaps, the best way to come to terms with him, he was a young man who stared reality straight in the face and claimed, with all the certainty of a , that subjectivity does not exist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seems like it shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be possible, this miracle of denial, just point him to the fact that two people can look at the same painting and walk away disagreeing about its worth. That doesn\u8217\'92t work. Ask Mandrameen and he\u8217\'92d say that one of those people was wrong. Maybe both were idiots. He\u8217\'92d tell you who was what once he\u8217\'92d seen the painting for himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Mandrameen\u8217\'92s fault that he felt that way, for he\u8217\'92d lived all his bright-eyed years being told he was perfect, Solraheen\u8217\'92s gift to humanity, and it wasn\u8217\'92t just his grandmother saying this, it was everyone. They said it because Mandrameen, at the age of ten, could paint a portrait in oils that rivaled the old Jeketian masters. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And these were real dynamic works, not polish-jobs where the paint is thin, the brushstrokes invisible, and every hair is rendered into being. When Mandri painted a portrait, he observed an economy of strokes. With a single stroke of color he could define the skin, the cheek, the skull underneath, the light, the shadow, even the mood of the piece. Courtly scribes would marvel at how he packed so much information into so little. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These are the marks of genius,\u8221\'94 they\u8217\'92d say. Wink, wink, wink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  good, though. Young as he was, it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  impressive. A visible brushstroke, the impint where the horsehair has scraped through the paint, fat edges, these little details invite the mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye to imagine Mandrameen standing there in front of the canvas, all four feet of him, casually flicking the wrist, a simple slip-slap-boom, and there\u8217\'92s a true likeness of a Hrkan prince.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t effortless. Mandri would spend hours making those single strokes. He\u8217\'92d put one down, carefully wipe it away, put it down again, and repeat as necessary until the stroke was right. This process took so long, that Mandri\u8217\'92s real talent wasn\u8217\'92t portraiture, it was his tolerance of tedium. If people had known how long it took to fill up a canvas nine by twelve, his work would have lost a good deal of it\u8217\'92s charm. There\u8217\'92d still be a some praise, because again, this was all coming from a little brown boy with puppy eyes and the most unruly mop of hair you\u8217\'92d ever seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he grew up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The simple rote behavior means people are stupid. If they think that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impressive. Begins to believe that he\u8217\'92s got some special character. Simple to him, incredible to them, these people must be stupid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, it was expected that he should grow up to be a bit of an ass. Mandri put so little value in other people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s opinions that he could comfortably ignore them altogether. To him, subjectivity was just a word. Things had intrinsic value and he alone could see it. That\u8217\'92s why he was here on this earth, to point out that value to others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The unexpected thing about Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life was that when he did grow up, he didn\u8217\'92t fulfill any of his promise. His paintings didn\u8217\'92t get much better. His style didn\u8217\'92t evolve. People lost interest. The day he woke up with stubble on he chin, he actually heard a woman say:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are we paying attention to him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such is the doom of the child prodigy. Without his jug-ears and suckling chin, there was no way for people to know, just by looking at him, that he was better than everyone else. He was officially a man in the Jandri tradition, and no one talks about a full-grown man as having \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91tantalizing potential\u8217\'92. To make matters worse, no one talked about Mandri as being a \u8216\'91full-grown man\u8217\'92 either. He never filled out of his gangly frame, and his blah blah blah\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With each passing year, Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s provincial fame dwindled. It got to the point where people would walk right past his paintings to chat up a friend, or even worse, to look at someone else\u8217\'92s work. Being who he was, Mandri convinced himself that the reason none of his paintings hung in the palaces of Jeket wasn\u8217\'92t because other artists were better, it was because everyone else was ignorant. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t upset him. People weren\u8217\'92t willfully ignorant, so it wasn\u8217\'92t their fault. It was his own fault because he simply refused to market himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See, Mandri was an artist, a painter, and in such a craft there are limits. Once you achieve a certain degree of skill, everyone is more or less as good as everyone else, and so the only thing that separates professionals is how willing they are to ingratiate themselves with governors, princes, and priests. That means that success has nothing to do with quality, or skill - especially not subjective taste - it was about preening tongues and critic\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pens, it was about how many people knew the raw fact of your existence. In other words, it was about manufacturing popularity any way that you can. Being the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  artist that he was, Mandri refused to debase himself by doing what it took to succeed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This, also, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t upset him. It\u8217\'92s hard to upset a young man who. When he walked away from the craft of painting, he did it for completely different reasons. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But why would he give up the thing he thought he was purpose built to do?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Enter the recurring hinge of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s adult life: hallucinogenic drugs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The very first time that Mandri picked some brown burgeons, crushed them up, and smoked them instead of using them for pigment, he came to a life-changing conclusion: Art was essentially pointless. Obviously pointless. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t try to argue, you\u8217\'92d be wrong. Insist on arguing, and Mandri would point to the fact that every artist who has ever tried to capture the beauty of Nature has failed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was an undeniable fact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had traveled to every city on the holy continent, and he had seen every painting and every sculpture worth seeing and they all fell short of Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s creation. Naturally, this included his own work; first and foremost his own work. And the problem was always the same: art is seduction, its purpose is to divert attention away from what is really there to what the artist wants you to see. When it comes to Nature, what is really there is Complexity. If artists were smart, they might be able to approach it, but artists are people, and people are dumb, so they boil that complexity down into something digestible. They boil it down to a single tangible thing which has got them transfixed. In Mandri\u8217\'92s case that usually meant a pretty face or a nice pair of tits (cleavage framed by a boustie). Maybe it\u8217\'92d be a flower. What matters is that he\u8217\'92d try to rip the thing from the fabric of reality and stitch it to a frame, then he would hold that up like he\u8217\'92d captured what makes life worth living and people would actually buy it. Some plucky merchant would mount it on his wall, and Mandri walk in and see it and be struck dumb by the feeling that the piece was better suited to the floor, next to the sprawling, headless hides of lizards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In time, Mandri came see the whole practice as being absurd, music excepted (he thought there was something primordial about music). Art - painting, sculptures, and poetry - was boring. The commissions tore at him. Paint an oasis, and in so doing he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to reduce a palm leaf to a fleck of green. The beauty of a living leaf, its complexity, its pattern, its anatomosing veins pumped full of vital fluids, its birth and death and eventual decay, the role it plays on the branch, the branch on the tree, the system within a system, a whole universe unto itself nested inside a greater one - all that complexity, that beauty, reduced to a fleck of green.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reduced, because again, the artist has something more important he wants you to look at. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a naked woman bathing in the mossy water. There\u8217\'92s no need to properly render the leaf. In fact, rendering that leaf, giving it light and shadow and form, that would only distract the eye from the droplets of jade gleaming on her cinnamon skin. The sensible thing to do, if you must paint the leaf, is to slightly feather its edge into the sky so that eye doesn\u8217\'92t get caught on a hard line of verdant green set against a chalky blue. Maybe remove the leaf and the tree altogether if the thing doesn\u8217\'92t slide a wandering eye down towards the temptress\u8217\'92 curves. And then you\u8217\'92ve really done it, you\u8217\'92ve not only reduced the leaf down to a daub of color, you\u8217\'92ve erased it from existence entirely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just the leaf, it was the rock, the cloud, and the tree, and how it all fit together. Even the sand played a role. The true part of Nature\u8217\'92s beauty, the grandeur and complexity of it, was absent. Maybe one can say that Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t trying to paint Nature, he was trying to paint a woman, and so of course he wouldn\u8217\'92t capture creation\u8217\'92s essence, but that hardly matters. Go and try and paint Nature. Try reducing that infinitely nested beauty to a still image, to a brushstroke. Take as long as you like. Take twenty five years, as Mandri had done. Take a lifetime. Take ten lifetimes. Then go and stand at the edge of the wilderness, a place with a big sky and maybe mountains, smoke some valley burgeons to get in the mood, and then let the shock of Nature\u8217\'92s overwhelming beauty hit the spinal cord. If the mood is right, it will hit with an intensity that no poet or painter could ever hope to achieve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, there was no point in trying. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how Mandrameen felt about it, so that\u8217\'92s how it was. Insert absurdity here. He ended up selling what little he owned and bought an ox and a farm twenty leagues outside of Meskalim. Then he spent a few years trying to turn a profit by farming legumes. All different kinds. Mostly, he\u8217\'92d smash up the beans to make a variety of curds. He\u8217\'92d then dry those out into little curd-bricks and crunchy curd-skins, but that never made enough money. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nowadays, the two of them - the former child prodigy and his ox - would laze away the days together under a solitary hornscrub tree in the middle of a barren field. The ox would sleep and Mandri would drink or smoke whatever he could get his hands on, because being sober got in the way of enjoying the moment. Plus, getting high made everything move. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s one feature of reality that couldn\u8217\'92t be captured in a painting - true movement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri found that if he dried out some brown burgeons, crushed them up and mixed them into a milky-white barley beer that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left steeping in a hole in the ground, well two mouthfuls of that and he could start to see the salt actively ooze out of the ground and into his ruined field.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was something in the burgeons that skewed his vision and made anything tinted white seem to sparkle and breathe. What it was, who knows. Divinity? The of God? Mandri honestly didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care. He just enjoyed the sight of the salt stain squirming around his scattered stalks of wheat, gnawing at their stems, because that made it seem like he hadn\u8217\'92t just lost a battle to an inanimate thing. The salt was alive. His field no longer looked like a sweaty shirt that he\u8217\'92d left to dry in the sun, it looked like it was being overrun by an army of wriggling mites.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d managed to feed something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, that is what Mandri liked to do - drink his burgeon beer and sit in the shade of his tree, his ox companion at his side, and watch the salt stain emerge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was what he was doing when a strange woman came to visit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was sitting, thinking, and sighing to himself, sighing little half-sipped, absent sighs, the kind of sigh that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d start to make whenever he was high and drunk and making too much sense. Then he saw that tall woman\u8217\'92s domineering figure marching up and down the hills in the distance. When it became clear that she was coming towards him, Mandri\u8217\'92s sighs turned into groans.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His first instinct was to drink as much of his jumped-up beer as he could, because no doubt this unwelcome guest would want some, and he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to give her any. He took one big, stomach-swelling swig, and when that hit him too hard, he stopped. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He then considered dumping the rest of the beer into the dusty earth out of spite, but that seemed almost sacrilegious. This was a special drink. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made plenty of special drinks, but this one was extra special because it was right there, a thing of the present. He could maybe try to hide it, tuck the clay jug away somewhere, maybe just nudge it behind the tree, but no doubt that harpy\u8217\'92s eyes were staring him down as she closed in. She\u8217\'92d see everything. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen decided, as drunkards and __ often do, to do nothing but enjoy the pleasantness while it lasted. He leaned back into his favorite tree crook and let his eyelids slouch as he watched the flies buzz around his ox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snout. The ox would snore and blow those fuzzy black dots out of its nostrils, and then those flies would zip back in to lick at the only reliable source of moisture they could find in this fiery midday sun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wave when she marched into Mandri\u8217\'92s field. She didn\u8217\'92t even say hello when she stepped into his shade. She looked to Mandri, then the ox, and then back to Mandri, and then wrinkled her nose at the smell of alcohol, musk, and feces, evidently unsure from which the worst was coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then she asked a question. Her voice was tinged with an elder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rasp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you Mandrameen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri grunted in acknowledgment. He peered into the shadow of the woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blue-and-black shawl. He couldn\u8217\'92t find her eyes behind a nasty squint and a nose that was impossible to reason with. She wasn\u8217\'92t too old, just sun-leathered, and she stood with a steady, strong back despite the obvious weight of the bloated canvas bag strapped to it. That bag nearly doubled her size.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The strangest thing about her, aside from her very presence, was that she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come adorned with the usual veneer of civilization; no shine-black bracelets, or bangles, or silver hoop earrings, no makeup or gold-threaded leaves trimming her robe. The only ornament she carried was a turtle-shell comb that she kept fashionably crooked in her waistband. The rest of her tawny self seemed slapped together in a reed hut on the banks of the Jarka river. She was a feral thing, light on her feet, unwashed and yet somehow clean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And her teeth were somehow perfect; bright and sun-bleached. Mandri wondered if it was the burgeons making them look that way. They practically outshone the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked him up and down and then asked a peculiar question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you still have your testicles?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her teeth flashed as she spoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me?\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head pitched into a suspecting tilt. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not a eunuch, are you? The girls in Meskalim all say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer my question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I have my\u8230\'85 who are you even supposed-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do have your testicles, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman sighed as she unshouldered her heavy pack. It hit the ground with a dull thump, and this disturbed the ox, who raised his heavy head. The ox saw the woman, gave a snort, then promptly went back to sleep. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without asking if Mandri minded, the woman sat down. She sat down right next to the ox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head and gave him a comforting pat. Then she pulled from her ragged robe a brown paper booklet. This booklet had no cover, and its makeshift spine was composed of wax and twine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She laid the booklet flat on the ground and flipped through a few pages. There weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t many of them. Mandri tried to read what was on them, but the writing seemed to move and twist - no doubt the work of the burgeons. By this point he was high enough, that, no matter where he looked, the picture of his vision seemed like it was stretched across the surface of a slowly boiling stew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you are Mandrameen,\u8221\'94 the woman said as she flattened an unruly page with her palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who are you?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked for the second time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Pella. I am a priestess of Mid.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never heard of Mid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not many have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forgive my intrusion. I won\u8217\'92t spend more time here than is necessary. I\u8217\'92m going to ask a few questions, and then be on my way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri took another swig of his beer. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d hoped Pella would have the courtesy to fill in some details, maybe explain her presence, but the woman just sat there, scanning her booklet for something in particular.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, being drunk, and high, or whatever you call that exalted state of being where the stomach is turning and the mind is swimming in , was incapable of dealing with an awkward silence so he decided get more direct.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is Mid a place?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like I said, I\u8217\'92m just going to ask a few questions, then I\u8217\'92ll be on my way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t ask questions?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is every priestess of Mid so rude?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did I just say?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella looked at Mandri like he was stupid. And he played the part. He even let a little drool drip over his lip. But he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so far gone yet. It\u8217\'92s not that he had built up a tolerance to burgeons, it\u8217\'92s that when he mixed this particular brew he found his wits were left wholly untouched. Well, mostly untouched. Maybe a little touched. Toddler touched. Honestly, Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t sure. One\u8217\'92s own capacity for reason is a difficult thing to determine even sober. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella slapped her book shut. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what, okay. Alright.\u8221\'94 She then crossed her legs, bent her ear in expectant pose, and said to Mandri, \u8220\'93Ask your questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It stung Mandri that she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d caved so easily. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is Mid?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mid is not a place, it is a god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God of what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not a god }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 of}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  anything,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Pella said with a sneer. \u8220\'93He is simply a god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what does he do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At the moment, nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is he lazy, or what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He doesn\u8217\'92t do anything because he is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Well. That makes things make sense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you done then? Satisfied with who I am?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shrugged. Pella harrumphed and returned to her notes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just, I\u8217\'92ve never seen a priestess without a pound of gold or silver rattling around her neck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Worshipping a dead god }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 would}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  explain that general lack of propriety.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A lack of propriety?\u8221\'94 Pella repeated. Her casual squint morphed into one of downright annoyance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It means that -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what it means, you little shit.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri laughed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean no offense,\u8221\'94 he said coyly. \u8220\'93I mean, a dead god can\u8217\'92t exactly answer prayers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a little shit.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If this woman were young and less stern, Mandri would have thought she was flirting. But she really meant it. He could feel her beady eyes boring holes of hate into his bones, even if he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite see them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri took another long sip of his milky brew, then smacked his lips in satisfaction. He topped it off by saying, in his most patronizing tone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe if you found some manners I might extend my hospitality.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What hospitality could you possibly offer?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you blind, woman? I have drink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella looked on in disgust as Mandri took yet another long sip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you are the one that I\u8217\'92m looking for, then I swear I\u8217\'92ll stab the sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that why you\u8217\'92re here? You\u8217\'92re looking for someone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looking for someone who\u8217\'92s still got his balls?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella sighed, and said \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t exactly narrow it down,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. But Pella was busy with her booklet. Something on the open page had caught her eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Finally,\u8221\'94 she muttered. \u8220\'93Mandrameen Andramawmun. That is your full name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded. Evidently Pella was underlining his name with her finger. What he was doing in her little book, he did not know. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have any outstanding debts, and he wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to pay up if he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a good name,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93A strong Jandri name. An Old-Jandri name. That\u8217\'92s good. And my notes say you started learning how to paint at the age of five.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed. If this woman was looking for an artist for some backwater temple icon, she\u8217\'92d come to the wrong place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She kept on reading from her book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My scribblings say you are a decent painter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked up to gauge Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reaction. Mandri figured it was to see if the word \u8216\'91decent\u8217\'92 had offended him. He thought it best to say nothing, to do nothing, though under the influence he couldn\u8217\'92t be sure if his face doing things all its own. That\u8217\'92s another thing about drugs - some give you certainty, some take it away, but if you\u8217\'92re a certain kind of person, it\u8217\'92s always the latter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They say you\u8217\'92ve got a\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Pella bent down to get a better look at the words. \u8220\'93It says you\u8217\'92ve got a triptych hanging in the garden of Zee. Is that the one with the clouds and the demons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that all it says?\u8221\'94, he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m not a painter anymore. I\u8217\'92m a farmer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a very accomplished farmer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s what I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t want to paint?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not a matter of want. I\u8217\'92m not a painter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not anymore, you mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Not anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good. You see, the reason why I\u8217\'92ve come, is that I\u8217\'92m looking for someone who fits an old prophecy, and that someone is a painter who doesn\u8217\'92t want to be a painter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella, again, was looking at him now. Mandri silent. Struck dumb by wtf is going on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We mustn\u8217\'92t get too excited,\u8221\'94 Pella said flatly. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve more questions to ask.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She flipped to another page. Then she flipped right back to where she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry. I\u8217\'92ve not done this in a while, so I might be skipping things I shouldn\u8217\'92t. Let me just make sure\u8230\'85 Alright.\u8221\'94 She fingered a scribble, then read it aloud. \u8220\'93Have you ever prayed to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t be serious.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer the question, please. Have you ever prayed to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I have, who hasn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But have you spoken the words yourself? I\u8217\'92m not talking about being a part of a prayer circle as a child, where someone else does the heavy lifting. Have you ever run away to a quiet place and whispered words to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 think}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  so?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Look, I\u8217\'92m a little confused by what\u8217\'92s going on here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is because you are drunk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s actually a point in my favor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And there\u8217\'92s burgeons in that beer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absurd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can smell them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeon beer. Hallucinogenic. Tell me, what does my face look like right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri studied her face. At first, there was just her dark sillhoutte against the bright, sandy landscape behind, but the longer he looked the more the burgones. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It looks a face.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah! That\u8217\'92s good. Good, good, good. You\u8217\'92re fitting the mold, Mandrameen. Does that excite you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If the prospect of fulfilling a prophecy laid down at the dawn of time doesn\u8217\'92t excite you, then... Tell me, Mandrameen, how do you feel about power over all, eternal life, and infinite pleasure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, and yes, please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever killed someone before?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you feel about killing people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What has that got to do with anything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. She didn\u8217\'92t move, either. She kept looking across at Mandri as if he hadn\u8217\'92t said anything at all. A moment of this was more than Mandri could bear. He felt compelled to actually answer the question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85I guess... I mean it depends on the context, doesn\u8217\'92t it? The morality of something like that, it depends. Like, am I killing in self-defense? Are these rapists? Debt collectors?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think that it\u8217\'92s a question of morality?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me rephrase: How do you feel about people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do I feel about people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is what I asked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vibrating glare. Force the truth up out of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could do without them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t mind if everyone dropped dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Implied it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah but - look, I\u8217\'92m a person, too. I\u8217\'92m people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Observant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I might hate people, but it\u8217\'92s not anything... We\u8217\'92re just stupid. Doesn\u8217\'92t mean we all deserve to die. What is this prophecy anyways? I do something, and then a lot of people die?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s generally how prophecies work. Something happens, and a lot of people die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This prophecy, specifically, what happens?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In this prophecy, the great lord Mid will be freed to roam the earth and heal this fractured world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t sound evil at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It isn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what does that have to do with people dying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People are dying all the time. Right this very moment. A }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lot}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of people. All Mid is going to do is make sure that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re dying for a purpose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you need me to free him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone like you will do it, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It might be you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, find someone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how prophecies work. I don\u8217\'92t pick someone to play the role. You are who you are, and if you are the one who is prophesied, then that is that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri grunts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A few more questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. We\u8217\'92re done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever had a lover?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri at the absurdity. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The one I\u8217\'92m looking for is a virgin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a virgin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The resultant smirk that dawned on Pella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thin lips made Mandri feel exposed. She was looking at him from the shadow of her brow and .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe whatever you want. I\u8217\'92m not a virgin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why do the girls in town name you a eunuch?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just because I don\u8217\'92t go in for the haggard women of Meskalim, that doesn\u8217\'92t make me a virgin. And what are you on about anyways?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I already said, I\u8217\'92m looking for -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I know what you\u8217\'92re }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 doing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , but what is the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 point}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ? If what is going to happen is going to happen regardless of whether or not you, or I, want it to happen, then what are you even doing out here, looking around for \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the one\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92ve ever had a lover, then you know what its like to wait for one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella lean back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mid is my lover. I\u8217\'92ve gotten impatient with waiting. I can think of nothing else but his arrival, so, I look out the window. That\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m doing, in a manner of speaking, I\u8217\'92m here, looking out the window for a sign of his coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri scoffed at the thought of this witchy woman being the consort of anyone, much less a god. He shrugged to show his lack of concern and said,  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I see him, I will let you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You just might. You do fit all the criteria.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How? I\u8217\'92m not a virgin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll just leave that bit there to interpretation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella then closed her book and snuck it back into her robes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s really only one way to know for sure if you are the one foretold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To know for sure, you have to go into Meskalim and talk to Salavan Soreen.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that, Pella stood up and slapped the dirt off her knees. Mandri, thinking she was about to leave, leaned back into his crook, sighed, and whispered a chime of praise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m not leaving yet,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s one last thing. I haven\u8217\'92t eaten in ages.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t have any food.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have an ox.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked over to his ox, who was awake now. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fat, bulging eyes were staring blankly off into the horizon. Mandri gave him a pat on the shoulder and said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to kill him just so you can nibble at his flank.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Its not his flank that I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t have any piece of him. Gil isn\u8217\'92t for eating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You named the ox, Gil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil mooed in recognition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s Gil for, then, if not for eating? Don\u8217\'92t tell me he\u8217\'92s for farming, I won\u8217\'92t believe it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil keeps me company.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You bought an ox for company?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did. And he\u8217\'92s not for sale either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri heard the draw of a blade and was shocked to see Pella holding a long, golden knife, glinting in the dappled light of the tree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow. She knelt down and started to scrape it\u8217\'92s razor edge up and down against Gil\u8217\'92s neck. The poor beast, eager to get in a good scratch, closed his eyes and lifted his chin to make sure Pella could scratch the whole length of his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now that\u8217\'92s unnecessary,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Let Gil be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I said so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is is going to die soon anyways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you put one scratch on him, then I\u8217\'92m gong to balance and twist your jaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Without hesitation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella lowered her blade. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you are the one,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93then there\u8217\'92s an important lesson you need to learn: nothing can change the course of the divine plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that even mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It means that I can do whatever I want, and you\u8217\'92d be powerless to stop me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella smiled, glared at Mandrameen, and she looked right down into his soul as she cupped Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snout under her arm and reached around his neck with her knife. Then she plunged her blade into the ox\u8217\'92s flesh. She\u8217\'92d done it tight up against his jaw and immediately yanked the blade round to the other side, but before she\u8217\'92d gotten halfway, Gil let out a powerful bellow, deep and pitching, and his whole bulk lurched backwards, pulling his head from Pella\u8217\'92s grasp. He leapt to his feet, knocked Pella on her ass, and then bolted off into the dusty field, bleeding and bleating as he went. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella laughed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, frozen by the sudden shock of violence, watched in horror as Gill came to a stop just ten yards away. It was as if the beast had looked out into the empty distance and realized he had nowhere to go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil stood there for a moment, head bowed, blood pouring into the earth, and then he looked back in confusion towards Mandri and Pella, looked back just in time to see his old master pick up a rock, snarl, and leap after the woman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But one sharp elbow in the balls sent Mandrameen sprawling to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re not a liar\u8221\'94, Pella said with an ____ ____.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri muttered a curse. He got to his knees and reached out to grab Pella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ankle, but the woman leapt to her feet with the speed and grace of a lizard jumping from a .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then Mandri saw something he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella jumped over him and literally flew towards the wounded ox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She flew straight like an arrow flung from a bow, and as she passed over Mandri it seemed like she was nothing but a snarling head and billowing robe. For the briefest moment he saw her face unshawled: her green eyes were wild with excitement, and her bright-white teeth were fanged, and they flashed behind an unearthly snarl that burned into closed-eye mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella plunged head first into the Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body, and she tore a hole into his belly as easily as if she were an arrow made of obsidian. Gil crumpled to the ground, and Pella went with him, head and shoulders fixed into his side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Gil had the chance to spasm, Pella tore herself from his flesh. The neck of his stomach was clenched in between her teeth. She spat it out, then ripped the rest of the stomach from it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lining, and held it up to the sun. Mandri clasped his ears the moment her lips began to utter a speech which must have come from the darkest depths of Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri prepared himself to witness the final of gore and , her now radiant fangs ripping into the , but that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t what happened. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead, Pella squeezed a bright point of light from the stomach, bright as the sun, and she sipped it into her chest like one might sip a tea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beyond that point, Mandri was not able to construct a coherent sequence of events. The only thing he remembered happening for certain was that Pella stood above him, bloodripe and forsen, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Salavan Soreen. Go and see him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0}