{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Has no equal. Surpassed by many, but no true equal.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A severe slicked-back ponytail that had been plaited into the hair on the back of her head.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92d been beautiful when she was young. Mandri had an for these things. That\u8217\'92s part of the reason why he found true beauty so impressive; he\u8217\'92d painted enough old faces to know what would happen. It was only a matter of time.  It was like food dropped on the ground.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 MANDRI ARC}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Dont tell me who or what I am. I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even tell me who I am.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - You can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t run from your nature.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - no one is a master.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Smoky hair}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Press the burgeons into the beer.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lets see your paintings then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A painter who doesn\u8217\'92t paint is bad at his job.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Prophecy of the Painted Eunuch.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Painting is a sacred art.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Impotent artist. Inthe old Jandri its as ambiguos as it is in Common. Means you either can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t father children, or you\u8217\'92re a shitty artist.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m neither or those things, so its not me.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seems like you might be a shitty artist. Else you wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be out here.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll have you know I have a triptych hanging in the garden of eez.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 IN the garden?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 COuldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even make it into the house?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shut up you bitch.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  because being sober got in the way of enjoying the moment. Plus, getting high made everything move. That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s one feature of reality that\u8217\'92s noticeably absent from any painting - true movement.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If he were sober, he would have said something about standing at the edge of the wilderness, a place with a big sky and maybe mountains. Go there and suck on some black-valley burgeons to get in the mood, then let the shock of Nature\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s overwhelming beauty hit the spinal cord. If the mood is right, it will hit with an intensity that no poet or painter could ever hope to achieve.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So, there was no point in trying.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It would be presumptuous.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0}