{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The thing in itself - KANT - we can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really know it. - there cannot be a seperation between us and the world, between subject and object. - }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w85nGQ_KUgE"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w85nGQ_KUgE}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 &t=209s}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Hegel rejects - why do we feel like our knowledge is true?  Innate desire to know, to build these models.  Transform philosophy from the love of knowing into actual knowing. Dialectics - negates an preceding, contains it.  Unity of itself and its opposite. Hop off from knowing the thing in itself to the process of knowing. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Thought generates its own content by producing differences within itself. Our concept of the world pushes up against the thing in itself, but uf uts not quite right, the universe intrudes and pushes on the edges of our ideas. - the suface between the thing amd the concept. This is dialectcal movement.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Dialectical sequence }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 - affirmation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 - negation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 - negation of negation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Observe the self - I am the negation. Without me looking and percieving, the object is nothing, which iswhy Hegel needs to turn to the subject. I negate myself as negation, by including myself in the process of observations. What am I doing here? What is this process? Where am I going? Subject being aware of itself perceiving.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Knowledge is about commanding the world. THe will is free. But what drives it? Our self consciousness seems to have no content of its own. It is driven from within by a dynamic nothingness that compels me to fill the void that is myself and transform it into a something. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The terrible realization that while I have command of things, I also need things. To find the self, get rid of all thoughts and ideas and objects that are given to it - including the body. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Desire is the negative force by which the self seeks to cancel the otherness of the external world in order to affirm itself as absolute. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 True self-consciousness requires two self-consciousnesses. We come across an object in the desert of the self-conscious that we cannot destroy, discard, or consume - another self-consciousness. Recognition is fundamental - a concept of the self as recognized, I am an object myself, to myself, out there in the world. TOGETHERNESS. You are the idea the world has of you. You are your reflection in the world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The basis of self-consciousness is desire itself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 I want to be recognized by the other, but that includes keeping the other around, and vice versa. There are two self-consciousness watching eachother, registering each other\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s movements. But which one leads? Follows? Ideas? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 A conflict for recognition - recognized as free - for ourselves. In the end, on comes out on top, and one on bottom, one commands, and one obeys.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Self-consciousness is this standpoint - it must resist recognizing an other as a free being, just as, on the other hand, each must concern itself with eliciting recognition within the other\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s self-consciousness, being posited as an independent being. The single self is not able to bear the other\u8217\'92s being independent of it, so that they necessarily drift into a struggle. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Fear of lord is beginning of wisdom - the beginning of negation. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Freedom from it - the only thing that you have that no one can conquer is thought - STOICISM \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  the principle is that consciousness is a thinking being, and that something is essential for it, or is true and good, only insofar as consciousness conducts itself in it as a thinking being. Stoic says, it doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t matter what happens to me on the outside, I can choose what to think about. Stoics and skeptics negate everything that is posited to them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 ME - the canvas makes statements, the artist pushes and pulls and reacts to it. We make knowledge statements, the universe pushes and pulls and reacts to it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 We are ashamed of ourselves and our selfhood, our feebleness, and we look towards the universal idea. Unknowable.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The death of christ means that god has withdrawn from the world, and there are no longer mediators between god and the self. The unhappy consciousness concludes that god himself is dead. But the transcendent is immanent. God contaisn all relations. He is omnipresent, omnipotent. Hegel rejects traditional christianity because it seperates the self from the transcendant. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Reason as something that is split apart from the real world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Reason is transcendental. When we think in universals we are doing something which separates us from the earthly world. Reason allows us to take the particulars of the material world and systematize it in a transcendental way. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 We are born with biological hardware which allows us to, a priori, have the ability to reason. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 This operating system bends how we percieve the world. We are stuck viewing the world through our biological framework. To know the thing in itself is impossible. Hegel says that Kant builds a boundary between cognition and the absolute because he fears it. Criticized as an abstract formalist. He says we need to experience the world to fit it into our framework, but like a coward, he says we cannot really connect to that world. Hegel points out that we need the thing-in-itself, that the dialectical process takes the logic of the thing-in-itself and slowly unfolds in relationship to it. Kant might be right in that our framework bends the world, but he neglects to explore how the perspective is, throughout history, and through logic, unbent. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 I study the world empirically, geology, meteorology, etc. All those particulars, and through my reason I see universals. I see the rabbit has sharp teeth, not because of what it knows, but because of its relationship to the environment, to the idea of sharpness. Reason is getting away from the empirical world, concepts which stand above life. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Sharpness will still apply to a different thing even if the rabbit is not there. The rabbit has no idea why it has sharp teeth, but reason does. Nature has no history, reason organizes into a wider system of thought. It is more than it. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 But we try to use reason to study itself, in the same way self-consciousness tries to study self-consciousness. We don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t see much of reason when we turn inwards - we see emotion. SO for hegel, reason isn\u8217\'92t cold and detached, it is reaching out into the world to embody. Reason feels itself to be right. Others don\u8217\'92t understand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Kant is scared of this in morality. Reason is selfish. So he looks for universalisibility. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 THe problem for the idealist is they have to suppress their own selfish desires. What if I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to be nice today? Virtue is brought back down to earth as the realization of the fact that the universal runs through the individual, the finite. The idealist says, don\u8217\'92t be selfish, selflessness is the universal aspiration. The world would be a better place - but consider the negation - the way of the world. The way of the world whispers, sometimes you need to be selfish.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The idealist must get down into the dirtiness of the particulars, but with these the self can become self-confident. It doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t need kings to tell it what to do. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 I posit a universal idea, like stonemasorny, I return to myself, and I do it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Terry Pinkhard - on greece - because of the necessity of the ideal of self-sufficiency, the polis had to be small enough to enable face to face interaction. This made the greek polis too small to defend itself, and when another, well-organized powerful empire showed up at its door, it no longer had the power, motivational or otherwise, to resist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85even the most ordinary citizen would have to be able to think for himself about which law\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 the divine or human law, or even which among many divine laws\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 he was required to follow. That left citizens at odds with themselves and potentially at odds with each other.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Story of antigone - tension between family divine law, and public law, each see themselves as absolute and the other as unjust.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The greeks found purpose in public life in a way that romans could not. Rome denied the necessity of having a bounded social space that provided its members with a fundamental orientation in life\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that is, a social space in which determinate goods are available to people which are made up of the elements of a common way of doing things and institutions transmitting that into practical knowledge of the world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Why stoicism rose in robe - it was natural to want to distance oneself from the arbitrariness, the slavishness, the brutality of the roman world, and instead focus on inner-life. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The absence of an ethical whole is the soil out of which culture grows. Culture speaks of the divide between individuality and universality. For hegel we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re talking about the idea of culture, the construct which we can posit ourselves. Self-alienated spirit - the external is internal too. To become \u8216\'91cultured\u8217\'92 is to become something that comes from the \u8216\'91we\u8217\'92. To become a universal being. What fuels dialectical movement is the distinction between subject and object, individual and culture, being one, so that we feel no painful divide between our own desires and what\u8217\'92s imposed culturally.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 What the consciouseness wants is that, through the general will, the individual obeys laws that he himself has authorised. Law in this sense is not external to the individual but emanates from him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 For kant, goodness lies outside the self in some idealistic region. For hegel, it must come from within, morality, duty, etc. Becomes an individual drive rather than an abstract thought. Law for the sake of the self instead of the self for the sake of the law.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The infinite draws along the finite, whispering, this is what\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s reasonable, this is what\u8217\'92s rational, logical, etc. Substance empties itself through time, becomes more complex, fuller, more realized.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Religion - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What enlightenment declares to be an error and a fiction is the very same thing as Enlightenment itself.\u8221\'94 - Reason is as \u8216\'91made up\u8217\'92 as \u8216\'91god\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 - the Phenomenology is thus the logical reconstruction of God\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s suffering in time. It is the process by which god comes to know himself- and fully be himself. In an early work, Hegel posed as the ultimate philosophy what he called \u8220\'93the speculative Good Friday\u8221\'94. God, in separating himself from himself, suffers with us.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Aristotle\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Intellecky - a thing\u8217\'92s natural purpose - acorn to become an oak tree.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Hegel thinks all roads lead to Hegel\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s writing desk. }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Every generation thinks its at the end of history - new idea that has liberated previous world from its chains. But this is nothing new, we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve been doing this ever since Hegel.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Most people who think they are breaking new ground, are just traveling well worn paths, but just have slightly different vocabularies. And not only that, but if you point it out to them, that most of this is implicitly hegelian , they would laugh and say you don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t understand. Ever since Hegel gave the idea that history had meaning, and all of human existence has some cohesion to it, everyone feels in a priveledged position of knowing that they were somehow at the end of this. The occupational hazards of being a philosopher of history. Every philosopher of history believes that all of history leads to them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Broken through the cosmic egg.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 We all feel the need to create a novelty that is spurious but entertaining. That is our homage to Hegel. }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0}