{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BPD - core feature - who i am is determined by how I am treated.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 definitely have bpd.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 tend to}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - pattern of unstable relationships}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -become really good friends really quickly - impulsive - never played guitar, but now I'm in a band}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -fall into romantic relationships really quickly. high intensity, but can crash easily}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -strong emotional reactions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab -small things that you do will evoke strong negative reactions. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab \tab -if you get them the wrong birthday present, they'll explode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab \tab -if you start to pull away and you don't talk to them quite as much, they'll start to engage in what feels like manipulative behavior. Guilt tripping, gas lighting, to try to get you to reengage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab \tab -benign things will cause you to feel shame, anger, or guilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Wont understand entirely who they are. Dont seem to have a consistent trajectory in life. Get excited about things very easily. Ask them, who are you, what do you want in life, sometimes they'll be able to give you answers; "The only thing is you." But that's not them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Fear of abandonment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -afraid of screwing up relationships. "If i say the wrong thing, I'll drive this person away." People are waiting to leave them. "their looking for an excuse to break up with me." relationships are incredibly stressful; if you seem to clingy, they'll break up, if too standoffish, they'll break up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Internal Emotional suffering. Experience of life can be incredibly painful. Objectively here, emotional pain is more intense due to blood flow in brain/amygdala. Nerves on fire when it comes to emotional pain. Instills confusion; "this life feels harder than what my friends are going through." Feelings of pain linger, and don't see this in other peoples experiences; they bounce back more quickly than we do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - subjective feelings of emptiness}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - you don't know who you are or what you want from life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - the goals you set in life are only to move away from pain. Not moving towards something, moving away from something. "Ill get back with abuse partner, because unless they're around, I feel untethered in life. I feel empty."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - dissasociate or disconnect from life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - neurological coping mechanism. Since there is so much pain, they end up detaching from pain, and they feel disconnected.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ----}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 all this results in certain coping behaviors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The more we see these behaviors, the more outcomes get worse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Impulsive behaviors}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -I'm going to fall deeply in love, because of the emotional high.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Eating disorders}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Self harm behaviors - superficial cuts}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - substance abuse - (porn?)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - manipulative behavior - if i'm feeling abandoned, and I do something which evokes love and caring, then I'll feel better about myself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -----}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At its essence, what is BPD? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When we go through life, we carry with us a sense of self. for example, in a healthy sense of self, you wont let getting fired from a job determine your sense as a human being. I believe that I'm a good person, parent, friend, husband, doctor, etc. That one incident doesnt determine who I am. The core of BPD is that this sense of self is distorted, or not formed very well. Link with trauma. Confident sense of self comes from a nurturing and caring environment. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How I feel about myself is determined by how other people treat me. If people love and care about me, then i love and care about myself. If people treat me with hostility, I am hostile to myself. So if someone stops loving me, or even if there is a lapse in their daily reassurance, i will start to feel abandoned, even if I logically know that this person still cares about me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This can result in people becoming sort of a chameleon; if I want this person to like me, I'm going to pretend to be into the stuff that their into. Creates a false contract with the people around you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ----}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BPD has a high level of heritability. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 strong genetic component. However, may be flawed, because can't properly account for upbringing. If you have a parent with BPD, may result in high incidence of BPD in child. Nature/nurture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WE see increased emotional responsiveness in brains of people with BPD.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Feel negative emotions more quickly, and feel them for longer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Disregulation of the stress system; high stress for long periods of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sensitive to stimuli.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Study of facial expressions - stills of video of gradation from happy to angry - BPD people could detect and fixate on 30% anger, 70% happy. Normal brain needs 70% anger to tell when a person is angry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Imagine how hard it is to go through life when you detect someone is 30% unhappy with you, but 70% happy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Extremely sensitive to the negative emotions of others. Very empathic. But the kind of empathy they have is biased towards the negative. Tend to see the disattisfaction, the fear, the disappointment, the anger. And they'll react to that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -----}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 theory of development}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -What we need to start is a brain that is extra sensitive to negative emotion, plus an invalidating environment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -"three kids grow up in an invalidating, but not traumatic environment, only one of them grows up with BPD. Thats because only one of them has an itchy trigger finger when it comes to negative emotions."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Does this mean i'm screwed? My brain is busted. I've got a small amygdala.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BPD has one of the best prognoses of personality disorders. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dialectical behavioral therapy. Mindfulness helps regulate emotions, better coping strategies to things like cutting and substance abuse. Yoga and mediation stuff helps us discover who we are as people. Yogic find yourself inner journey, this works really well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 34% of hospitalized BPD are in remission, 6 years after 68%, 10 years 86% - this is with varying levels of treatment btw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Having stable relationships can rapidly improve BPD. All you really need is one person to really improve - I have the parents. The healing!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BPD is hetergeneous 'scattered'/ experiences differ greatly}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2-6% prevalence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Four subtypes - Not recognized by DSM. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1. High functioning internalizing/quiet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - tremendous amount of despair, fragility}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - when there is a triggereing moment, the person will rage at themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - high functioning, sometimes high powered jobs. Often where they are giving to others; nursing, teaching, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - if they make a small error, they will have a strong reaction, and that reaction will be self-blaming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - much more likely to have co-ocurring depression, or anxiety disorder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - many mental health professionals may miss the BPD and focus on treatment of depression or anxiety}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - break themselves by being all things to all people}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - differs from other in that it is internal, not a chaotic, external disregulating pattern; they don't get angry at others, but at themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - no narcissistic, almost no sense of worthiness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.  Petulant or histrionic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - very superfically attention seeking and emotionally disregulated}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - socially immature}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - acting out if i don't get my way}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - manipulative/victimized}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - lots of tantrums}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - lots of overlap with covert narcissism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - "one is going to bleed over into the other" --huhhh?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3. Angry externalizing impulsive}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Narcissistic}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - unhinged, unmanagable}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - disregulated rage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - triggered by abandonment crises}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - impulsive acting out, driving dangerously, suicide, etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 4. Depressive internalizing / self-defeating or self-destructive }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Disphoric and depressive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - not able to hold secure employment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - harder to mount the energy and effort to hold consistent employment, or relationships}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - triggering crises can lead to self harm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - the depression will become the central focus of treamtment, because that is what is putting the client at risk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - "I dont deserve to live, I dont know who I am, I don't know why I exist."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 you see that they are getting dysregulated  and quickly put up an emotional Shield because  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 what comes next probably won't be pretty. It will be unfiltered it could even be abusive. In this moment they are projecting negative perceptions, intense negative emotions, and beliefs  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 onto you. Don't take it personally even though they are making it as personal and cutting as possible  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 and they may or may not mean what they're saying. But they're likely going to regret the manner in  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 which they are delivering it after it's over. They may apologize, they may do nice things to  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 compensate for their behavior, or they may go back to idealizing you, but keep in mind that  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 when they are idealizing you, they are also in a dysregulated state so it's best not to take  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 too much of that in either, even though it makes you feel good, even though it feeds your ego. It's  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 best to Shield yourself from both extremes and to stay off the roller coaster as much as possible,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 so remember that whether they are projecting from an intensely positive or negative State,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 it's not so much a reflection of you or how they think and feel about you overall but a  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 projection of what's going on inside of them in that moment. As an analogy, think  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 of a time when you are falling in love and you had rose-colored glasses on. Everything  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the person did was so cute and sweet. You could easily overlook any of their faults.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now think of someone you seriously can't stand and how everything they say and do is irritating. Any  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 positive gestures are seen suspiciously through a  dark lens now amplify these two states: falling in  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 love and hating someone by a thousand. And then imagine viewing your partner through these two  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 completely opposing lenses depending on your ever shifting emotional states which you can't control  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 so just know that when your partner is  splitting it's a symptom of their disorder}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 and a reflection of their own psychological state, and it's not actually about you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ard on yourself if your Shield is not strong  enough and your stress response gets activated  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 know your own triggers and how you react when you  are going into fight flight freeze or Fawn mode  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 and have a plan on how to handle these situations  I recommend creating this plan with your partner  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 while you're both emotionally regulated and  think and talk about how you will respond to  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 symptom flare-ups mbpd episodes. But don't expect  the person with BPD to be the one to follow the  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 plan once they're triggered you will be the one  that needs to implement it but at least there  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 will be a small part of her that knows what's going on and why you're doing what you're doing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 emotional burn victim - any small slight that happens, we feel it very dramatically.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Course - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Severe in adolescence,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 level off or decrease in early adulthood}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 low severity or remission in late middle age}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BPD - urgency, lack of perseverance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 manipulative - please others as a way to soothe our own system. Gaining concern or care}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 self image - negative self appraisal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 violence - self directed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 empathy - low cognitive empathy high affective empathy - cant discern how someone is feeling but sure is trying to express and react to it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 they dont lash out, but very good at ghosting - disappearing from peoples lives.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 DSM scale}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Absent - Mild - Moderate - Severe}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1 Intense fear of Abandonment, even going to intense measures to avoid real or imagined seperation or rejection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -mild}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2 A pattern of unstable intense relationships, such as idealizing someone one moment and then usddenly believing the person doesn't care enough or is cruel}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -moderate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3 Rapid changes in self-identity and self-image that include shifting goals and values, and seeing yourself as bad or as if you don't exist at all. "If I'm not in a relationship, or I'm not being heard, or if I'm not being recognized, then I don't exist. I'm invisible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -absent(???); don't see myself as bad or nonexistant. With katherine i find myself shifting goals. Outside of that, it would be absent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 4 Periods of stress-related paranoia and loss of contact with reality, lasting from a few minutes to a few hours.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -absent(???)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 5 Impulsive and risky behavior, such as gambling, reckless driving, unsafe sex, spending sprees, binge eating or drug abuse, or sabotaging success by suddenly quitting a good job or ending a positive relationship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -absent (mild in the past i think???)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 6 suicidal threats or behavior or self injury}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -absent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 7 Wide mood swings lasting from a few hours to a few days, which can include intense happiness, irritability, shame, or anxiety}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -mild to moderate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 8 Ongoing feelings  of emptiness}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -absent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 9 Inappropriate intense anger, such as losing temper, being sarcastic or bitter, or having physical fights}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -verrrry mild}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Relationship with a BPD man}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stage 1:  Idealization}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -greatest romance}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stage 2: Fear of Abandonment and enmeshment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - just as you are starting to feel like hes the best thing that has ever happened to you, things start to change. His insecurities and fears start to crop up. He starts needing a lot of reassurance from you. He wants to know if you really love him, why you love him, maybe suggests that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be better off with someone else. You reassure him, you tell him how amazing he his, how much you love him, but this doesn\u8217\'92t satisfy him for long. He\u8217\'92s getting more and more clingy, more and more needy, getting upset anytime you spend time with anyone else, doing anything else, even if its just going to work. Also expresses fears of commitment and engulfment. So its, \u8220\'93please never leave,\u8221\'94 but also, \u8220\'93I need a lot of space.\u8221\'94 When he gets to this point, he might break up with you, or just run off without saying anything. Just days ago, he was all over you, needing your reassurance, and now he\u8217\'92s out. So you are going through an emotional crash, as he withdraws his love and attention in one fell swoop. On his side, as the love addiction started to wear off, he went back into an emotionally disregulated and hyper-aroused state, vacillating between fear of abandonment, and fear of losing his independence. He associates these negative emotions and intrusive thoughts to you, where you were once his everything just last week, now he sees you as a source of his emotional suffering, and in order to escape this emotional pain, he needs to escape you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stage 3: Splitting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - he comes back and says he was scared and feeling vulnerable. He may speak of past traumas and attachment issues. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sweet and idealizing you again. Then something sets him off. Maybe you mention a male coworker, or express something you dont like about him. He gets angry, starts making false characterizations, attacking you with the most hateful words. Where you were once the most perfect person on the planet, now you are the devil. In his mind, you betrayed him, you hurt him, you tried to reason with him, but he is off into another orbit. This is an up and down push pull; you\u8217\'92re the greatest thing that\u8217\'92s ever happened to him, you\u8217\'92re the worst. Argumentative, irritable, angry.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stage 4: Paranoia and disassoication}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -jealous, starts monitoring you, questioning your comments and motivations. Suspicious despite you are doing absolutely nothing wrong. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s getting more distant and deatched, not only from you, but from reality. He may be using more substances, numbing out, spacing out, basing his own actions on his delusional thinking. False idea you\u8217\'92re cheating, so he starts cheating. You are fighting almost constantly over trivial things. This intense fighting leads to a breakup.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stage 5: The Makeup stage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - he goes off, realizes he can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t live without you, begging at your feet, threatens self harm, emotionally blackmail you. You take him back, you make up, but you feel uneasy.  Mood swings from needy to angry to withdrawn, all of this keeps cycling. Leads to end of the relationship. No matter how hard you try, you can\u8217\'92t stabilize him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stage 7: The emotional discard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - he enters an emotional stage where he cant live with you, but cant live without you. He sees you as an oppressor. He blames and resents you for holding him back, trying to control him, and he will punish you in many ways. It is highly likely his behavior is extremely shameful.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The snake and the rope- we think we see the snake, but it is really only the rope - superimposition.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}