{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That night it was Purl\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s turn to tell a story. She flashed a meek smile and said no. Moteah and Elrahet wouldn\u8217\'92t have it. She said she didn\u8217\'92t like how excited she got when she told stories, and then proceeded to talk about a lizard.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The son of a red-crowned lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most stories in the Sand are about sons.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Red-crown lizards, if you don\u8217\'92t know, like to live in mounds made out of their own shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not quite true,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is in this story. This lizard family\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a mother, father, and their thirty children\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 they lived in a mound made entirely out of their own shit. Whenever someone had to shit, they looked for a wall that needed mending and they let loose. Then the sun baked the shit into a shit brick and that was that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Charming,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now, one lizard son didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound a shit. His parents asked him, \u8216\'91What\u8217\'92s wrong? Why don\u8217\'92t you like it here?\u8217\'92 and the son said, obviously, \u8216\'91because this place is a mound of shit.\u8217\'92 The father pretended to laugh, and said, \u8216\'91Very funny. Now go fix the front door\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This drew a chorus of laughter. Seb blew some farting noises into his elbow. He was loving it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This lizard son was dutiful son, and so he did what his father commanded, he lifted his tail and pooped on front door. Still\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 he didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound of shit. He went back to the father and said, \u8216\'91Why can\u8217\'92t we be like the finches, who live in cups of sticks and moss? Why can\u8217\'92t we be like the rats, who live deep underground in burrows? Or why can\u8217\'92t we be like the humans, who live wherever they want?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The father said, \u8216\'91We do not have wings, so sticks and moss are too much trouble. We do not have digging claws, so how can we dig into the earth? We do not have beer, so how can we live wherever we want? No, my son, we have to count on what we do have, and what we do have is poop. Now go chew a hole in the living room wall, we\u8217\'92re looking to expand.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Dutifully, the son chewed a hole in the living room wall. His mouth was full of his family\u8217\'92s shit, and he realized, now more than ever, that he didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound of shit. He decided then and there that enough was enough and he was going to leave. So he wiggled out and set off into the desert.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He didn\u8217\'92t return home for five years, which, for a red-crown lizard, made him old enough to be a grandfather. His parents were long dead. One of his lizard sisters now owned the mound.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The sister, trying to be a most gracious host, invited her long lost brother inside for dinner. The brother declined. When the sister asked why, the brother answered, \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92ve traveled the world and have slept in the houses of birds, and rats, and humans, and I\u8217\'92ve even snuck into a snake\u8217\'92s den! None of them were so foul as this.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The sister said, \u8216\'91Come now, brother, it\u8217\'92s not that bad. We\u8217\'92ve added a second floor.\u8217\'92 The brother said, \u8216\'91No thank, you,\u8217\'92 and he left. As he left, he heard his sister shout at one of her many children who was avoiding his chores. She said, \u8216\'91The floor should be clean enough to eat off!\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The old brother grew sad at this parting. After all the glorious homes he\u8217\'92d seen, it hurt to see his sister and her family living in such squalor. He decided to do something about it. He thought that all they needed was a push out the door and they\u8217\'92d see for themselves that a mound of shit is the worst kind of house to live in.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So he journeyed back to the snake whose home he\u8217\'92d snuck into. This time, however, he revealed himself to the snake. He said to the snake, \u8216\'91I know you want to eat me, but if you can hold your appetite, I will lead you to a mound of shit that is crawling with lizards. It will be the easiest feast of your life.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The snake was skeptical. It asked the old lizard, \u8216\'91Why would you betray your kin like this?\u8217\'92 And the lizard said, \u8216\'91I will you lead you there on the condition that you promise to leave at least one boy and one girl alive, so that they can carry on the family name. Also, and this is the most important thing, you have to completely destroy that mound of shit.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The snake wasn\u8217\'92t sure if he wanted to do it. He had no arms and legs, so if he wanted to destroy the mound he\u8217\'92d have to roll around in it. But the promise of an easy meal was too good to pass up, so he said to the old lizard, \u8216\'91lead on\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The lizard led the snake back to his sister\u8217\'92s home, and the snake did what he promised. He ate the sister and her husband, and most of their children too, and he rolled around in the pile of dried shit, crushing it into dust.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Only two lizards survived, a boy and a girl. Without a home they were forced to wander around in the desert. Their old, kinslaying uncle followed them from afar, eager to see how they fared. He was careful not to intrude on their new lives and the experiences that awaited them. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Eventually, the young brother and sister got tired of not having a permanent home. The girl said to her brother, \u8216\'91I just want my own bed to sleep in.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The boy said, \u8216\'91I wish the same. We should build a house.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91How do you build a house?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91I don\u8217\'92t know. What was it grandfather was always saying?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91He always said that all we\u8217\'92ve got is our poop.\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And it just so happened that right next to them was a brick of poop that one of them had left sitting there from the day before. And I\u8217\'92m sure you know what happened next\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 the two lizards built a new mound of poop to live in.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now, when the old lizard saw that his niece and nephew had reverted back to the old ways, he became distressed. He wandered back into the snake\u8217\'92s den, and the snake, surprised to see him, asked, \u8216\'91Why have you returned?\u8217\'92 To this the old lizard replied, \u8216\'91Because they can\u8217\'92t think of anything else but shit.\u8217\'92 Then the snake ate the old lizard, and that\u8217\'92s the end of the story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri screwed up his nose and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how that story goes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Purl sneered back. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it goes, because that\u8217\'92s how I said it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried to appeal to the group, all who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d certainly heard the story of the lizards and shit before, but Ayram said, \u8220\'93Purl\u8217\'92s right. The storyteller makes the rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s a little contrived for my tastes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What does that mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s about Hrk, isn\u8217\'92t it? Hrk is the mound of poop. Jeket is the mound of poop? Everyone is just too used to that way of living to imagine a better way of doing things?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You said it, not me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on, that\u8217\'92s exactly what it means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And that was the end of Purl\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s story.}}