{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The wilderness is Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s garden. It is a sacred garden. Every littler garden is sacred too. Mandri had seen his fair share of them. He\u8217\'92d walked under the royal palms of Lord Kineal, and he\u8217\'92d nearly drowned in the Lordling of Luzee\u8217\'92s terraced falls. He\u8217\'92d seen every garden that people boast about seeing, and they were all of them disgusting, those thirsty greenscapes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was always this focus on a stripe of atmosphere reflecting off the surface of a stream. This line represented death, or something like that. There might have been more to the metaphor, but Mandri knew the true meaning here: people built these gardens to appear gently born. And that was the charitable interpretation. The only other explanation was that they derived some perverse enjoyment from putting plants into their \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91proper places\u8217\'92. Bushes were stuck }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , trees imprisoned }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 there}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , flowering weeds were permitted to trim the walkways. A good slaughter every now and then ensured none of them ever rose up out of their station. Yes, it was all kept in good order by the brilliance of the human mind. Nature as god did not intend, but very pretty to look at.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s garden had no placid stream to symbolize a \u8216\'91crossing over\u8217\'92 in . There were no trees, or flowers, or artificial boundaries between them. No, when Mandri stepped through that ironwood gate and onto a plain of bone-white pebbles, he stepped into a garden composed entirely of curated stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was unique, but even so, it still obeyed all the rules. It was quick to establish a hierarchy of form, and so the stones came in a spectrum of sizes, from ox-sized to flaky specks. Each stone was arranged in such a way so as to draw the eye, or in this case, a person, through a maze of perception and towards what was important. Most rules of thumb in art have to do with manipulating contrast; sharp against soft; dark against light; so against not-so. Here, a rippling sea of smooth white pebbles flowed against jagged knots of granite, granite which grew in immensity towards the center of this snow-white field of rock, and there, in the god-spot center, stood a towering spike of Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now that was something to behold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The skewering stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shard of the firmament.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Quintessence of night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If it were a tree, and the pebbles, grass, and the granite, bushes, it all would have been too stilted, but this was a god-killing stone, and so the stasis, the general air of oppression, that was the point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri walked up to this black obelisk. He saw his own reflection in its surface sheen, split by streaks of rain. He looked worse than he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever been\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 eyes red and witless, face gaunt, lips cracked. His wet hair clung tight to his meatless skull. He was death. Perhaps everyone who looked into the depths of Fabled Black looked like death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The stone makes the most wondrous pigment,\u8221\'94 Vigram said from behind. The big man looked longingly at the obelisk. \u8220\'93It makes a black which rivals the crow.\u8221\'94 He joined Mandri and set a fat hand upon this dreadful spike, caressing it as if it were a prized horse. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s humbling to know that this is only a tiny sliver of the comet which killed Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it illegal?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93I mean, to have this out in the open\u8230\'85how did you get it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bribery,\u8221\'94 Vigram said flatly. \u8220\'93Provisions for the smuggling alone cost me thirty-five silver strings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can touch it if you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are right, there\u8217\'92s no need.\u8221\'94 Vigram pulled his hand away from the rock. \u8220\'93Merely being in its presence is enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was true. Fabled Black was notorious for its aura of doom. A small speck of it could make the happiest child feel rotten. Here in such quantity, that feeling crept down to the bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it strange,\u8221\'94 Vigram said as he stared blankly at the clouds, \u8220\'93that everything which falls from the sky should radiate such sadness? This rain\u8230\'85this stone...I sometimes wonder if the heavens are a reservoir of despair and these elemental things are infused with it. Then I consider how desperate this world is, and I begin to believe that this sadness is, instead, a longing to be somewhere else. The rain would prefer to dance in the clouds. And wouldn\u8217\'92t this stone rather gird the stars than be stuck in this spot? I think so. I should say, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  this is true, because the Black is alive and I have seen what it can do. Would you like to see this? Come, join me in my home, and see.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram spared a beneficent smile as the light rain plinked his cheeks. His teeth did not sparkle as they once did. His beard was astonishingly still. The stone, or the long march up the hill, was pushing Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind back into sobriety. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do I have a choice?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you ask?\u8221\'94 Vigram said, frowning. \u8220\'93Do you feel threatened? I have never threatened you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  might not have, but Pel...\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, heavy brow pinching. \u8220\'93Let us say that you have fulfilled any obligation she impressed upon you, and so you can leave if you wish. The choice is yours. I will rescind my invitation if you bring this }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 tension}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  into this house. But if you are at all curious about what may lay in store for you, then admit it, and we shall find it out together.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram skirted around the spike of Black to find shelter under the roof of his palace\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s portico. While Mandri dithered, the enormous palace doors opened, revealing a scrawny servant boy standing in the entry way, carrying towels and clean robes. This was enough to encourage Mandri to join Vigram on the stoop. To be sure, he was also curious, because if this house had a shard of Black sitting in its garden, then what was kept inside?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri accepted the towel. He slipped out of his soggy robe, dried himself, then dressed himself, a fresh knee-length robe, white. Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s new robe was also white, though instead of linen, it was made of silk. It shimmered like a rolling cloud as Vigram slipped into it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before we enter,\u8221\'94 Vigram said as he toweled his beard, \u8220\'93I want you to assert yourself. I won\u8217\'92t have any of your usual meekness in this house either. I might have put up with it before, but stand up straight if you can. Sol\u8217\'92s light, you look like you\u8217\'92ve just been squeezed out the womb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram tossed the towel to the servant boy then waited for Mandri to assert himself. Mandri, not knowing what to do, simply nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That will have to do,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, and then he led Mandri inside, where the wide floor was white, the ceiling white, and the walls, corners, and trim, all white on white.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It cost fifty silver strings to burn enough lime for the interior plaster,\u8221\'94 Vigram remarked. \u8220\'93You may have noticed the walls outside, and they cost\u8230\'85well, I don\u8217\'92t want to go on and on about expenses.\u8221\'94 He gave a smug and self-aware smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded along. Unlike the garden outside, this palace met expectations entirely. He could have been standing inside any number of palaces that scabbed the Hrkan world; tall arched ceilings, wide halls with skinny walls, no ornamentation, everything painted white. No color. The ostentation of color was to be abhorred in favor of natural light, Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light. Paintings were the only exceptions, for these were sacred expressions as well, though every painting must be self-contained, bounded by a frame, for it was said that Solraheen would refuse to dwell in a place that presumed to blur the line between human and divine creation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Emptiness was the rule. Emptiness was desired. This was not at odds with the extravagant games that the rich play to prove their wealth, for if one is allowed to have only nothing, the question then becomes, how much nothing could one accumulate? The height of Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sway-away ceiling measured how much emptiness he could afford. Judge the floor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the richer man\u8217\'92s floor bears nothing, not even dirt. A truly rich man could afford to employ a person or persons to always be wiping away the filth tramped in from the street. Vigram\u8217\'92s floor was as white as the ceiling, and as Vigram and Mandri walked along barefoot, the door-boy crawled behind on hands and knees with a bowl of water and a long hog bristle brush, scrubbing away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The narrow gallery was especially clean, and bright, too, courtesy of the ten or so sawtooth skylights which dotted the long hall. This strong ambient light preserved the integrity of the paintings on the wall. It was quite the feat, considering the sun outside was occluded by clouds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One painting in particular stood out, as it was set up a little higher than the others. It was Lokinvar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, \u8220\'93Man and Woman at a Window\u8221\'94. It was a simple painting. There stands a young man and a young woman in front of a white wall, both well dressed in sparkling robes, with a tall, rectangular window between them. The window looks out on the city of Jeket. Solraheen\u8217\'92s temple figures prominently there, but the couple are not interested in the view, they eye each other. There are other figures milling about, walking out of frame, looking nowhere, but they\u8217\'92re not worth mentioning except to mention their obliviousness to the hands of the young man and young woman: the young man\u8217\'92s right hand, down at his side, is clutched into a fist, while the woman\u8217\'92s left hand is open, palm facing the man. The man\u8217\'92s fist is a secret invitation to a lover\u8217\'92s tryst, and the woman\u8217\'92s palm is eager acceptance. These hand signs were well known because the painting was well known. In fact, it was one of the most famous paintings in all the world. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did you get a hold of this?\u8221\'94 Mandri wondered aloud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it was no trouble. I wanted it, and so I have it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wanted it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! It\u8217\'92s the greatest work of art I\u8217\'92ve ever seen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, you have this habit of passively mocking me. You should do it openly. Assert yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wasn\u8217\'92t mocking you. I just think this is the least interesting painting here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you haven\u8217\'92t looked at any of the others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Mandri. Could }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  have painted the satin patterns woven into their robes? I doubt it. The figures too, the subtlety in expression is second to none. I should say, real enough to escape description. All that can be said is that any man who sees it will fall in love with the lady, and ladies will fall for the gentleman, such is their vitality. That a human being could have painted this seems absurd. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the real power in the work, the awareness that a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 human being}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  painted this. A silly, stupid human being rose above his baser instincts for long enough to produce a beauty beyond himself. For that reason, it would not be a stretch to say that this is the greatest painting in all the world.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  greatest}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri mocked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram chuckled, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are merely put off by being in the presence of skill greater than your own. I know that you agree with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is there to agree with? You have your preference, I have mine. That\u8217\'92s all there is to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram stroked his beard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not a matter of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 preference, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri. This painting is}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the greatest painting in the world. It is an objective fact.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was under the impression that these things were a matter of taste.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would that be? Art is objective. Go outside, gather one hundred people, parade them through this room, and ninety of them will agree that this painting is the best work in the house.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would that prove?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would prove the work\u8217\'92s superiority.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if I trust my own opinion more than theirs?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it would prove that you have been corrupted by a degenerate culture.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri chuckled through his disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93These are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 opinions}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . I have my opinion, and the hundred people you would march through here have their own opinions. These are all subjective opinions. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to have to explain to me how adding subjective opinions together makes them an objective measure.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It simply does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See, this is why I don\u8217\'92t assert myself with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, consider\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there is a reason, a fundamental reason, why this painting is known throughout the world, and none of yours are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course there\u8217\'92s a reason. It was stolen five times in the last hundred years. Two hundred years ago, and you can look into this yourself, two hundred years ago this painting was listed somewhere in the middle of Lokinvar\u8217\'92s works. Then it got stolen, and that generated interest, and the hype took off from there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, and }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 why}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  was it stolen? It was stolen because there is something about the work which transcends\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you considered that it was stolen because it was easy to steal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  easy to steal.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You stole it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram smiled grandly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How else was I going to get it? What was I supposed to do? They had it sitting in a retrospective!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong with that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Genius lives off the main road, Mandri. You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 need}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a main road in order for a person to be }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 off}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  of it. To sit a Lokinvar next to a Lokinvar, where\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the main road? It is the cultural context which lifts him up; the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 distance}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  between him, and other people. This is an objective measure by the way, as objective as any other measurement of distance.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 Mandri said in tacit agreement. \u8220\'93But people prefer different distances, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Mandri. Be reasonable. I\u8217\'92m beginning to believe that you are arguing  merely to argue.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if I am? I mean why do you care if I think the same way that you do? If Solraheen wanted us all to think the same things, believe the same things, if he wanted us to look at the world in the same way, then why make us all different?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why indeed,\u8221\'94 Vigram mused. His smile took on a glimmer of satisfaction, as if Mandri was on the cusp of some great realization. \u8220\'93I want you to consider two facts,\u8221\'94 he said. He held out his hands as if to weigh these two coming facts. \u8220\'93First: we are all different. Second: it was never supposed to be that way.\u8221\'94 He then clapped his hands. The loud slap summoned another slave from some narrow orifice. This one carried a shallow bowl lined with finger-length wraps of freeweed. \u8220\'93Take a wrap,\u8221\'94 said Vigram, \u8220\'93and consider those two facts together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri declined with a shrug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I suppose you don\u8217\'92t need it,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93You are remarkably calm. You do have that hopeless look about you, but I always supposed that was the general malaise of the indigent.\u8221\'94 Vigram selected a wrap for himself, tucked it into the breast of his robe, then waved his slave away. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll save the gallery tour for another time. I have you here for a purpose, after all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About that,\u8221\'94 Mandri countered. \u8220\'93I can tell you right now that I\u8217\'92m not going to kill anyone for you. If that\u8217\'92s what this is about. Or do you want me to steal something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram brushed Mandri off with a polite wave. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot tell me anything about what you want to do. I should say that I know more about you than you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is my mother\u8217\'92s name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t pollute my mind with trifles,\u8221\'94 Vigram snorted. \u8220\'93Neither do you. Consider\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 do you know the personal name of a lizard? No? But you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  know more about a lizard than it knows about itself. I would hope. Your knowledge of the lizard circumscribes the minutiae of its life to paint a more complete picture. That is how knowledge works. I should go as far to say that knowledge is an advanced species of ignorance. We ignore choice details so as to avoid becoming swamped in a tide of them.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri quirked his head in confusion, because that was the maximum amount of asserting himself he felt comfortable with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see that you are going to need it explained,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93Come. We must study at least one more piece of art. Come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram led Mandri through a series of rooms, each with a ceiling higher than the one before. To demonstrate the great expense of having nothing in a world where things naturally accumulate, the place was sparsely furnished. If there was a table, it was carved from a pale slab of sandstone. If there was a chair, its legs were sanded branches and its seat was woven reed. If there was a tapestry, it was blank white, for its purpose was to be a canvas for the subtleties of Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light, which today, was cold, gray, and flattening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram led Mandri into a cavernous room that had a circular hole in its roof. A light rain suffused with silver sunlight streamed down through this hole to pitter-patter into a rainwater pool. All edges of the room were laden with pillows, all of them white, with white tassels. On the opposite side of the sprinkling rain was a fresco that spanned the entirety of the wall. Heretically, there was no frame, though it was a magnificent work of art in skill and in subject. It depicted Solraheen at the very moment of His victory over evil. He was there, stretched out, as if flying, and his face wore a beatific smile, clearly pleased with the sight of His sword as He plunged it into His brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back. In the classic Hrkan style, Solraheen was pure white with a hrkan glow, and His brother, Schisol, was an ashy black. The swarm of people surrounding them were a whirlwind cast in every color imaginable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know I spoke highly of Lokinvar, but this,\u8221\'94 Vigram said contentedly, \u8220\'93is my favorite piece. For sentimental reasons, mostly. The god of creation destroying the god of destruction. Shouldn\u8217\'92t it be the other way around? It has so much behind it, if you know what I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See this yellow?\u8221\'94 Vigram said, admiring. \u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it beautiful?\u8221\'94 He pointed to the golden rays which emanated out from Solraheen\u8217\'92s head. It truly was a fantastic yellow, extraordinarily vibrant, as if it had been painted on mere moments ago. \u8220\'93Can you guess the pigment?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This yellow, it comes from the Gabo cow. Incredibly expensive. The most wasteful pigment imaginable. To make enough for this fresco I had to buy three men to care for fifty cows. I had to put them on a strict diet, the cows. They couldn\u8217\'92t eat anything but this little squeaking bug, called a zuberant. They look like locusts, thick and stubby like your thumb, well, my thumb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You buy zuberants in bulk. Then you make a paste out of them, and feed it to the cows. Their bellies have to be stuffed full all at once. That means you have to starve them a bit so they take to that bug-paste like dogs to the bone. The next step has to be timed correctly, because, you see, this radiant pigment comes from the chyme of the cow\u8217\'92s third stomach, so you must be precise with the cutting. You must wait until the chyme extrudes into that stomach, not the first or second stomach or the color won\u8217\'92t leap. It\u8217\'92s the third stomach, and that\u8217\'92s when you cut open the beast and harvest as much of the yellow slime as you can. Then, you dry it out into a powder, and that is that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once you have the powder, you can sell the meat. I don\u8217\'92t sell the meat. I let it rot in the sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because it feels\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Vigram waved his hand in the air as if to catch the words that could accurately describe what he was thinking. \u8220\'93It feels weighty to have killed a herd of beasts for the explicit purpose of painting my wall. Doesn\u8217\'92t Solraheen look radiant? And now that you know fifty cows died to make it seem so, doesn\u8217\'92t that make the fresco take on a more\u8230\'85oh, I can\u8217\'92t find the words. It feels }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 weighty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . It feels more...\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t do anything for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s round face lit up. \u8220\'93Hah! It doesn\u8217\'92t, does it?! Well you can\u8217\'92t judge me, boy, no one can. The gods are all dead. And here are the last of them, Schisol and Solraheen, and there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 he pointed to the top of the piece, to the screaming black comet in the sky, \u8220\'93There is the stone of Fabled Black coming to end them both. Such a fine image, no? The quality of the painting is sublime, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be flippant. Assert yourself. It is beautiful. This is Ellag\u8217\'92s hand. I trust you are familiar with her work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is here, you know. I keep her here to help me find my Mazid. I should say, now, that this is why you are here. I am seeking a Mazid, and I am to be its Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  what this is about?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s demeanor shifted into something more serious as he turned his attention away from the fresco and towards Mandri alone. \u8220\'93Tell me, Mandri, do you know what a Mazid is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. Everybody knows.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does everybody know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s request for clarification suggested the man was seeking some deeper truth about a Mazid\u8217\'92s nature than mere function and appearance. Mandri had seen a few of the Mazidai from a distance, as they were never far from a Hrkan Lord. They all had a certain slightness of size, and all of them were shrouded in dark robes and never spoke. Mandri had only ever seen one of them up close. It was a young woman, underfed, and her serene expression was couched in generic Hrkan features\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin lips and sad eyes, all in near-genderless proportion. She was completely unremarkable except for the fact that she could shoot a scorching beam of golden fire out of her mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri finally said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everybody knows that a Mazid is a weapon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram relaxed, as if disappointed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is one role a Mazid fulfills,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93But it is better to think of the Mazidai as the tools which Solraheen grants the Lordship to help them rearrange the world, to organize the world, to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 paint}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , if I may, a brighter future.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, remembering. \u8220\'93A Mazid is meant to destroy evil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram chuckled as if Mandri had just said something precious and absurd. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, Mandri, how can something which does not exist be destroyed? Consider\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 can you point to evil? I can point to you, I can point to this wall, but I cannot point to \u8216\'91evil\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94 With that, Vigram put his fat finger up on the fresco and poked Schisol\u8217\'92s belly, right where Solraheen\u8217\'92s sword burst forth. A click sounded from under the floor, and a square of stone at the base of the wall levered open to reveal a narrow stairway descending into darkness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before we head down,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, \u8220\'93I must demand from you your utmost commitment. I, unlike the Solitants, value honesty, so my good character compels me to warn you that there is a chance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a chance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that as we attempt to squeeze your Spark for ripeness, you will die. It is only a chance, and a small one at that, but I want you to consider that thought before you join me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I join you?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s in it for me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the same with everything, Mandri\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what\u8217\'92s in it for you is something you can only decide for yourself. All I can say is that the experience will be\u8230\'85well, I\u8217\'92m sure you know that no one is closer to a god than a Mazid. It is said to be a permanent high.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram hiked up the hem of his silky white robe and disappeared down into the inky blackness which shrouded the stairwell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s descent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared down that stairwell, and he must have stared for quite a while because Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice echoed up, saying, \u8220\'93I said consider the thought, not inhabit it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And without really knowing what he was doing, Mandri stepped down the stairs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A slave girl bustled out from some hidden passage and closed the hatch behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At the bottom of the stairs was a narrow hall, and at the end of this hall was a squarish room with a low ceiling. No expensive plaster here. In the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s far right corner was a coal fire smoldering in a bronze brazier. Its red glow splayed out over three three wooden chairs set in the room\u8217\'92s middle, with two chairs facing one. Vigram sat in one of the two, and sitting in the chair next to him was a person draped in a white sheet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look so frightened,\u8221\'94 Vigram sighed. \u8220\'93I told you not to come down if you weren\u8217\'92t committed. You have come, and now you are here, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good. Now sit down.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri took the remaining seat, across from Vigram and the veiled stranger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram pulled the wrap of freeweed from his pocket, then stretched to light it in the brazier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s coals. He puffed it thrice to get it going.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So!\u8221\'94 he said as he slapped his leg to capture Mandri\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Are you to be my Mazid? Or are you simply a painter who is bored of painting? You\u8217\'92d be surprised how many of those we find.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram puffed on his wrap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri simply sat there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are your wits here, Mandri? Are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 here?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Use your voice. Assert yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri cleared his throat, then nodded towards the sheeted person. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is Ellag,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93Or I should say, it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Ellag. She is dead. As I mentioned earlier, I keep her here to aid my search for a Mazid. You see, I am looking for someone who understands what it means to be inspired. I find that Ellag\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence helps to demonstrate the truth of what that means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chair creaked as he laid back into it. He blew a puff of smoke out the side of his beard, as if the smoke could go anywhere in this cramped room. Between the freeweed and the smoking coals, Mandri was having a hard time finding a clean breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram crossed his tree-trunk legs. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, Mandri, what do you think Art is? If you could define it. Define Art.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri eyed the sheeted woman. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that have to with her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be coy, Mandri. This is important. You must be eased into the right frame of mind before we move on to the test itself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m more concerned about what\u8217\'92s under that sheet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that why you don\u8217\'92t want to paint anymore, you think there are more important things to be doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At the moment, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come now, you\u8217\'92ve spent too much time in front of an easel not to have some idea of what it is that you are doing. What is art? What does an artist }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt he was stumbling into a trap. Or maybe he was already trapped and he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know it. He stuttered and said, \u8220\'93An artist makes an artwork.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram sighed. He took a long drag from his wrap. He held the smoke in his great big chest, and when he finally exhaled, his round shoulders slumped so far it seemed the essence of life was leaving him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think art is merely a word,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You think that it is a label that people slap onto things for utility.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t say that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then say something! I\u8217\'92m trying to help you avoid ending up like Ellag here.\u8221\'94 He put his arm around Ellag\u8217\'92s shoulder and gave her body a friendly shake. Her sheeted head rolled limply and then settled onto his chest as if she were looking to cuddle. The sheet pulled taught over her face and a smear of blood welled up from her forehead to stain the fibers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram narrowed his eyes at Mandri. The air between them swirled with smoke. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer my question,\u8221\'94 Vigram commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is she dead?\u8221\'94 Mandri squeaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already told you, yes! She is dead! Answer the question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was the question?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram sighed again, then he steadied Ellag back onto her own chair so that he could lean forward and free his hands for explanation. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ellag thought that art was about the artist. A person goes out into the world and has some incredible experience\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like you\u8217\'92re having now. It changes them in some important, fundamental way. They look at the world differently. But how could any of their friends or family know that any of this has occurred? The change is internal, it is not written on the skin. There might be some new sparkle in the eye, their behavior might be different, but none of that will ever communicate the depth of what has happened. Consider a woman crying\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for what reason does she cry? She tells you her child has died, but you\u8217\'92ve never had a child, Mandri, so how could you understand? To understand, you would have to have experienced it for yourself. This is the problem which art purports to solve. A work of art provides a surrogate experience which allows us to break through that impenetrable barrier between our private experiences.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not one word of that made it to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear. He was too focused on finding a chance to flee. He suspected could make a dash for the stairs with a head start, because Vigram was so wrapped up in the freeweed\u8217\'92s smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Ellag thought,\u8221\'94 Vigram said. \u8220\'93She thought that art is a thing an artist does to let everyone else know what\u8217\'92s going on inside. Does that make sense?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s very sentimental.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sentimental, yes, that would be a word for it. Unfortunately, it is completely and utterly wrong. Look how wrong it can be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram bent down, grabbed the foot of Ellag\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sheet, and in one quick flourish he flipped it over the back of her chair to reveal her corpse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ellag\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dead head bobbed and settled, and as it did a trickle of blood dripped out of the empty sockets that had once held her eyes. The belly of her tunic had been ripped apart, while the belly itself had been carved open with surgical precision, skin folded aside like pages from a book to reveal a cavity under her ribs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 emptiness through to her spine. She was hollowed out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Steady, Mandri. Steady yourself\u8230\'85now, looking at Ellag, you might suppose that I think I am an artist, and that this,\u8221\'94 he put his hand on Ellag\u8217\'92s skull and twisted it about in a perverse display of puppetry, \u8220\'93this is me communicating to you in a way that lets you experience, in a profound way, who I am and what it is like to be me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He let go of Ellag\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head. It slumped down onto her collarbone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that would be a misunderstanding. Consider\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why isn\u8217\'92t speech, casual conversational speech like we\u8217\'92re having now, why isn\u8217\'92t that considered to be art? I am manipulating my throat, tongue, teeth, and lips to shape a string of sounds for you to experience. Sentences are things that can break down that barrier between our lived experiences, yes? The more skilled you are at this, the better you are at the art of speech, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At this point the freeweed was having its way with Vigram. His gesticulations were growing frenetic. He cut the air with a slicing hand and declared, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No! I am not an artist. I am many things, but I am not an artist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a murderer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a murderer, either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram took another big drag from his freeweed. The room was so small, and the smoke was so thick, that Mandri supposed it was getting to him too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, \u8220\'93that\u8217\'92s not true, I am a murderer. But I think you are referring to Ellag, here. I did not kill her. She died because she thought art was about the artist. She thought that the painter was important. She thought }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 far}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  too much of herself.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 He was churning his words into the air with his free hand, as if mixing his musings with the smoke would bring out some flavor of the truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re insane,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you should say that. Ellag was never able to make that step. She was too\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 embodied}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Like this bundle of freeweed. She was frightened.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 He leaned forward a little in his seat. \u8220\'93See, if you look into the Black when you are frightened, you are bound to see frightening things.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram made an explosion with his fingers, pretending to burst his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Her eyes exploded?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked in wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They did. You may see the stain there on the floor. It was fascinating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about her stomach?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was me,\u8221\'94 Pel said, sneaking up from behind, spooking Mandri near out of his skin. The old witch drifted by, a tall wisp of black, and stood beside Vigram. Her cowled head nearly brushed the ceiling. \u8220\'93I wished to query the girl\u8217\'92s stomach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All done after the fact,\u8221\'94 Vigram assured. \u8220\'93But we shouldn\u8217\'92t get distracted.\u8221\'94 He poked these words with his wrap of freeweed, and this shook a clump of ash free from the glowing tip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, we shouldn\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Pel agreed. \u8220\'93We should begin.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram set his freeweed onto the corner of his seat, then stood up. He moseyed over to the far side of the room, hidden by Ellag\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow. There he struggled with a square stone slab which was as black as the darkness from which he pulled it. He propped the massive thing up against his thighs and waddled it over. He laid it down flat at Mandri\u8217\'92s feet, then shuffled back into the dark to fetch three three clay jars, and set them next to the black stone panel. Each jar was filled with a black paint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel pulled from her robe a paintbrush. Its handle was short compared to the length of the brush head, which was as long as Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forearm. It looked more like a whip than a paintbrush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Paint a picture,\u8221\'94 she said as she handed the brush over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A picture of what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I may,\u8221\'94 Vigram interjected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel grunted, then stood back to give Vigram room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram crouched to evenly meet Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye. \u8220\'93Remember what I said about the true artist being a person of excess?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Vigram said, \u8220\'93I lied. The opposite is true. The true artist is empty. So, do not think about what you should paint. Do not give yourself that privilege. Do not think about what should or shouldn\u8217\'92t be. You need simply to start painting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to figure things out as I go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Do not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 figure}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  anything out. You are merely a tool. True art creates itself. It is reckoned with on its own terms. It is its own experience. It communicates nothing but what it is. You kneel there,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he pointed to the floor in front of Mandri, \u8220\'93and you become the tool by which the work creates itself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri squinted in confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If he thought about nothing, then he would paint nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Even if he wanted to paint something, it would be hopeless, because in this dim light he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to see what he was doing. And there were only the three black paints to put on a black slab of rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram returned to his seat, and the sheer weight of him plopping onto his too-small chair disturbed Ellag\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse. She slumped forward over her knees. Her limp wrists smacked onto the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This test,\u8221\'94 Vigram said thoughtfully, \u8220\'93Will determine how skilled you are at removing yourself from yourself. Now, I know you are quite skilled at this. It is why you are here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded as if Vigram was making sense. He knelt down before the black stone slab and thought about what he should do. Perhaps if he swirled some of the paint on the slab, Vigram would let him leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With no palette, the stone itself would have to be the palette. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like he was going to run into trouble mixing paints if the only color was black. So one by one, he picked up the clay jars and, trembling, poured their contents onto the stone surface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first paint came out of its jar in a clump, slopping onto the stone like a sandy gel. Inside of it, little granules of Fabled Black reflected the firelight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next paint was a clean, syrupy goo that drizzled out of the jar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The last paint was so thin that Mandri had to be careful pouring it out, lest it splash into his lap. Thankfully, the surface of the stone was ever so slightly bowled. And when he was done with all this, he cast a side-eyed glance at Vigram to see if the man approved of what he was doing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram glared back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look at me, look at the work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breathing grew nervous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The smoke was stifling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He fanned his tunic. Light as the linen was, the room's heat had become unbearable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram was looking for him to do a specific something, and if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it, he would not be allowed to leave. That realization came on so strong it was paralyzing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What will happen if I fail?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think, instead, of what will happen should you succeed. If you can let yourself be used by the work, think of what you can become!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What should I paint?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram took another drag of his freeweed and reclined back into his chair. He looked away and studied his own smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel stood resolute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The time for talk was over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned his attention back to the slathered-black stone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What could he possibly paint with black, on top of black, on top of black?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He poked the long-haired brush into the sandy gel and spread it around. It did not mix with the other paints, indeed it pushed right through them. The thinner paints in turn flooded into the grooves left by the brush\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s passing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sat back on his heels and studied the whorl he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made. The sheen of the red-orange firelight played with each paint differently. It stuck softly to the fine grained gel, it stippled the syrupy fluid, and it hardly touched the thinnest paint. Wherever the thinnest paint pooled, the image was truly black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri began to push and pull the paints around to build an image out of the light, as a sculptor might build an image out of shadows. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much care about what he was making, the brush hairs were too long and too limp to make deliberate marks. All he knew was that he was painting }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Black pools welled up like the hollows of a human skull.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why not?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled a stripe of shadow to form up the upper lip. He pushed a mound of the gel together to bring out the cheeks. It was coming along. A long and powerful face. He swirled the brush around in an eye socket, trying to find the eye. Suddenly, there it was, an eye of firelight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It blinked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri startled backwards in fright, but so compelling was this vision that he quickly gathered himself and peered back down at the image in disbelief. Yes, this face was alive. A thin stream of black ran down below the upper lip, opening the mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was there a tongue in there? A black snake of a tongue glinting in the back of the throat?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you see this?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, but no response came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked up to see if Vigram was even looking, but the man wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there. Neither was Pel. Neither were there chairs, or even the walls, there was only himself, the blazing brazier, his painting, and a void.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The face he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d painted began to extrude out of the stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scrambled backwards on all fours.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When it was fully in the round, it tilted upright. The face sloughed off, slapped back down against the stone, and now floating there, eye level, was a Black sphere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri screamed, but no sound came. And now he could not close his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Black sphere flew straight at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s open mouth. It smacked into his teeth and nose, and exploded into a splash into Black paint. The force of it threw him backwards, and while he tumbled the paint swirled down his throat. He tumbled and tumbled, until finally, he tumbled right out of the void.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He landed hard on stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He choked and sputtered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then came an agonized scream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93AAAAAAAAAARGH!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He opened his eyes and found himself sprawled against the wall in Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s basement. Vigram himself was kneeling nearby, distressed. His eyes were wet. His teeth bit hard on his fraying freeweed wrap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This pissweed hardly numbs it!\u8221\'94 he cried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet yourself,\u8221\'94 Pel said as she hovered over the big man\u8217\'92s shoulder. Her long black knife dripped blood. Vigram\u8217\'92s severed hand lay in a dark puddle between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to blink out the horror of that fat pad of bleeding meat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram noticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened!?\u8221\'94 Vigram shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He swallowed it,\u8221\'94 Pel answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram glanced at the painted slab behind, then muttered a single, breathless word, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to sit up, but Vigram roared, then threw his great weight down upon him, pinning him against the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold still!\u8221\'94 Vigram groaned as his one good hand gripped Mandri\u8217\'92s throat. His other arm squirted blood onto Mandri\u8217\'92s forehead with every thumping heartbeat. \u8220\'93You\u8230\'85must\u8230\'85hold\u8230\'85still!\u8221\'94 His plumping smile savored every desperate wheeze. \u8220\'93I knew your Spark was ripe the moment I saw you,\u8221\'94 he whispered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few juddering moments later, and Mandrameen went limp.}}