{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cloak was snagged as good as if it had been sewn into the rock. Its threads were strong, tight-knit, and had been dry-waxed with a special unguent made from cow hoof, salt-sap, and spit, and Pyetle was as light as men come; there wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t a chance the cloak would rip any further. Not before he died of thirst. Or cold. He\u8217\'92d rather fall. Instead he just hung, legs and arms as limp as the rags of his tunic.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He curled and stretched his toes. He couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t see them. He twirled his feet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle. You climbing up? We not see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you climbing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll not climb until you answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is he bargaining?\u8221\'94 Hill whispered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just spooked,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.  Then he shouted down to Pyetle,  \u8220\'93There isn\u8217\'92t time for whatever the hell you think there\u8217\'92s time for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was a moment of silence. Then Pyetle\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shrill voice came ringing up again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Climb on out!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I asked, \u8216\'91Who are you?\u8217\'92 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who are }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Ayram asked in return.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am Pyetle! Who else could I be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When I walked over here,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, \u8220\'93all I saw was Hill shouting into a hole. Now a strange voice is shouting back. Pyetle might have fallen in, but he might have fallen to his death. You could be a demon lurking there in the dark!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 sound}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  like a demon?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Aye, you do! }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill shouted down, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It be the way the rocks shape sound!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hill!\u8221\'94 Pyetle screamed. \u8220\'93Tell Ayram that I\u8217\'92m Pyetle!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We no can see you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Climb on up!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted. \u8220\'93At least get high enough so that we can at least see who you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t climb!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Do you have misshapen demon limbs?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The walls are smooth!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about? There\u8217\'92s a crack here!\u8221\'94 Ayram slapped part of the rock face where a deep crack ran down the side of the hole. \u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t it run all the way down to where you are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How wide is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93About the width of three fingers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Good! Perfect. It tapers down. It shouldn\u8217\'92t be too hard to climb up it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how to climb a crack!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just stick your fingers in and pull down until they jam. Use your thumb for support or like a shim to get a tight fit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Or stick your hand in side-ways,\u8221\'94 Hill added.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you can stick your whole hand in sideways and squeeze down. Get the meat of your palm and your fingers to stick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Squeeze, brace with your thumb, do what you can to inflate your hand in the crack so it\u8217\'92s nice and jammed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle spun himself round to face the rock. He reached up and stuck his fingers in and pulled down. He expected them to slip right out but they locked in place. He then felt out with his toes for a small cleft or angled face so that he could step and push himself up, but there was nothing but smooth undulations.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do I do with my feet?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just stick them right in the crack. Keep your soles inward and your knees bowed out so that as you step up, your foot will naturally twist into the crack and jam in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds too easy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It won\u8217\'92t be. It will hurt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as Pyetle stuck his left foot into the crack he knew that it was going to hurt a lot. Even with a slight jam and twist, the rock threatened to rip his bare skin right open.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think this will work!\u8221\'94 he shouted up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You shouldn\u8217\'92t need to climb far.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stuck his fingers back in and pulled again. He could already feel the skin starting to split on the sides of his knuckles. He stuck his right foot in the crack above his left. As he stepped up his foot twisted round and jammed in, but he hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t placed his hand high enough in the crack. As his body separated from rock face, his fingers started to slip out. He shot his other hand high into the crack to steady himself. Once recovered, he reached up even higher, high as could, and started again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He did a little more this time to save his fingers. He groped around for a more relaxed fit, a more rounded edge. There was no saving the top of his foot. The bottom was calloused enough but the top of his foot\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s skin was as soft and webby as pampered old woman\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He bit his lip and pushed up.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The crack gets wider!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. It tapers down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s too many fingers!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Use a fist, then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stuck his left fist in and wiggled his thumb around and pulled until it set. Up he went. With his next step he found he could fit his whole leg in the crack, up to his buttocks. He shimmied up like this until the crack got even wider, so wide that he could fit his fore-arm into a horizontal brace.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you see me?\u8221\'94 he shouted up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We can!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well? How about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hill waved the torch around, trying make out more of Pyetle than the bald spot on the top of his head.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You are not a demon,\u8221\'94 he said, smirking aside to Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How about you, Ayram?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stared down and Pyetle looked up. Pyetle can make out his eyes - just an immense figure. Even more sure that this wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t a simple human.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93On my word,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you who I am if you climb up out of there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it!\u8221\'94 Pyetle slammed his fist against the rock.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Come on up, Pyetle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle shook his head and began to mutter to no one but the rock. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You losing him,\u8221\'94 Hill whispered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Pyetle. Alright, \u8220\'93Ayram said. \u8220\'93You will come up if I tell you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle slapped his forehead against the rock. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. But I can\u8217\'92t simply tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked up and asked, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No. You\u8217\'92ve no word in your language for me.\u8221\'94}}