{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/77534"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/77534}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {Granville Fortescue}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Granville_Roland_Fortescue"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Granville_Roland_Fortescue}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {1916}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The average American, tackling the subject of preparedness for the first time, will wade through reams of rhetoric until his mind is a mass of undigested military facts and fancies. Glib and generous are the admonitions to prepare; yet the sum and substance of much that is being spoken and written on the subject, when skimmed of patriotic phrases, leaves but a residue of glittering generalities.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lmao}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the army our citizen receives the cheapest, most thorough and scientific education of its kind known to pedagogy. His mind is trained. His muscles are trained. His spirit is trained. After two years he is a complete mental, physical and moral entity.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The goose step!\u8221\'94 His eyes lighted at\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 48]the words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me tell you a secret: German soldiers enjoy the \u8216\'91goose step.\u8217\'92 It is the outward sign of their devotion to an ideal. Psychologists will assure you that when a man has complete control of his muscles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 such control as develops in army work\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his mental efficiency is enormously increased. But this is not news to you. You have seen it with your own recruits.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Nicht wahr?}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would that those who criticize our German system could see some of the concrete results. Take men from the mountains of Silesia. Many do not know their right hand from their left. They cannot read or write. The word cleanliness is absent from their vocabulary. As your poet said, they are brothers to the ox. After two years\u8217\'92 hammering (this is a quotation) \u8216\'91the peasant is\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 49]transformed. He has learned to read and write. He is clean, orderly, punctual, obedient, a credit to the Empire.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 Such is the pernicious result of militarism!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the army the people are welded into one efficient national machine, a highly trained social machine, with all its component parts working toward a common end\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the German Ideal.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Of course, this was an officer stating his views; but he was not a regular, only a reserve, and so not wholly tainted with the professional habit of mind; in fact, I found practically the same view of the effect of military training to be general throughout Germany. Bankers, merchants, artisans\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all agreed that the greatness of the German Empire was firmly planted on the compulsory plan of service. When this is the consensus of opinion of practically an entire population who have tested the plan, the idea merits some hard thinking.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Dr. Karl Liebknecht, whom the German press would like to label as a bad boy of the Reichstag, is unutterably opposed to war and all the pomp, pageantry and prostration incident thereto. His effusions on the subject fill several handy volumes of the Reichstag\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Record}{\f0\fs24\b0 . He feels so strongly on the point that once, on a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93seeing-the-front party\u8221\'94 where I was a guest, this distinguished statesman for a long time refused to appear on the same film in a war writers\u8217\'92 group because some \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 feldgrau Pickelhauben}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/77534/pg77534-images.html#Footnote_A_1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 A]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~filled the background. As his colleagues, we insisted he should take the center. He consented; but when one of the officers, without a smile, politely invited Herr Liebknecht to join an exclusive military group\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 51]he intimated that to do so would insure something worse than eternal damnation. And Liebknecht is elected regularly.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With this symbol of militarism working through the daily life of the German\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in the manner that railroad transportation is bound to do\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it is readily understood how the essence of the evil tinctures the whole social structure. It goes without saying that the upper class in Germany stimulates domination by every means. They are very careful, however, to avoid all apparent injustice in this control, and assiduously foster the thought that it is only through a complete surrender of individual rights that the whole nation can advance to its ultimate destiny. Many of the pretentions of the Germans that have\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 55]appeared outrageously presumptuous to other peoples are but expressions of this thought. }{\f0\fs24\b1 And here we get the clue to the fallacy of the whole German system. It is militarism gone mad. }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The many excellencies that result from military training are prostituted to unworthy ends. The essential fault of the soldier\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 vanity\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 has been emphasized and developed until it has become a national disease. It is from this seed that the German mania for impressing their standards of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93kultur\u8221\'94 upon the rest of the world has sprung.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From what proceeds it is easy to see how a discussion of the army plan in Germany leads to an analysis of the whole German political system; and would, if carried further, bring us face to face with the controversy of autocracy\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 versus}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~democracy. Nothing can be gained here from carrying the argument to such lengths. We wish to learn what to avoid in the German scheme, while selecting such excellencies as would fall in with American traditions and ideals.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Before the night was over I was to get another surprise. The rain came down as if a deluge scheduled for Philippine service had been switched into that part of Belgium. Now the Hotel Hut began to absorb blue-and-red soldiers as a sponge does water. Actually, the two rooms were sopping with privates. I remember the raindrops in the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 64]flickering lamplight glistening like diamonds on their rough blue coats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Officers filtered in as well; one tall azure dragoon, with his helmet crowned with horse-hair, gave a striking touch to the bizarre scene. And all, from field officer to private, mingled in what from a professional viewpoint would be designated easy familiarity. With amazement I saw all ranks stand at the bar and swallow their bocks. For a United States officer to be seen at a bar where privates drink would bring swift reprimand, if not court-martial.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Patrician and\~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 poilu}{\f0\fs24\b1 \~all snored in happy accord. Lulled to sleep by the sonorific nasal chorus that lifted gently to the rafters, I concluded that, so far as the army was involved, the French ideals\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 }{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 Libert\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u233\'E9!}{\f0\fs24\b1 \~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 Fraternit\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u233\'E9!}{\f0\fs24\b1 \~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 Egalit\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u233\'E9!}{\f0\fs24\b1 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 were no idle dreams. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In that little low-ceilinged, lamp-lit room the secret of the French system was made clear to me. It was unconscious idealism. It was not the conventions of the service that knit those Frenchmen into the peculiar fabric of an army, where in time of stress the distinction of rank might be ignored without imperiling discipline. Back in the mind of every man in that room was the thought: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are all fighting for France.\u8221\'94 Even though it is the custom to bury the officers in separate graves, none knows better than the Frenchman that, certainly in death, president and private are equal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 France is a nation of paradoxes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the war has proved this statement; and from the soil of empire we get an equality that needs\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 66]no violent assertion to prove its existence. Universal service in a large measure accounts for this phenomenon. America owes a great debt to France. Should it happen that we get a hint from the French which will help solve our defense problem, the debt will be doubled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Since my first experience I have had many others showing this curious attitude of officer toward private in the French army. I am convinced that it is the mainspring of French strength today. Actually I believe General Joffre\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s troops know more war lore this minute than any of their allies or opponents. The confidence existing between the captain and his company has brought this about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For instance, there was a case where a French common soldier had an idea\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no uncommon thing with Gallic common soldiers. The idea was concerned with an improvement in bomb throwers. He took the notion to his officer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll try him,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 mon vieux}{\f0\fs24\b0 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Imagine any other type of officer calling a private \u8220\'93Old Boy\u8221\'94!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 What economic effect army training has had in France is difficult to specify. You know the Socialists waged an unremitting war on the institution before the present crisis. The army was considered the foe of labor. In France that argument is forever closed. The instinct of self-defense is stronger than all minor economic considerations.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The whole country is divided into recruiting districts, ninety-two in number, of approximately equal population, each district providing one infantry battalion. When the system is in full operation it is estimated that the total number of men under training will be 150,000 cadets and 120,000 citizen soldiers. Antedating the outbreak of war in 1914, the Australian militia totaled 50,000 in all ranks. In addition to these there were 90,000 undergoing training as senior cadets. Also about 50,000 were registered in the rifle clubs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The former militia and volunteer units were gradually merged into the new citizen army. When complete this will consist of 23 infantry brigades (92 battalions), 28 regiments of light horse, 49 field and 7 heavy\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 79]batteries (4 guns each), and 14 companies of engineers with the necessary departmental troops. In event of attack, about half of the force would be required to garrison and defend the ports while the remainder would form a mobile operating army.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When the plan is in full working order, after eight or nine years, it is expected the cost will be about $15,000,000.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Such in brief is the Australian scheme.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 First, in the junior cadets, to systematize physical drills and marching exercises in conjunction with school duties and thus improve bodily development. This plan was found of peculiar advantage to the city-bred boy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Second, with the senior cadets, between the ages of fourteen and eighteen, while continuing the physical development, to initiate a general military training that would lighten subsequent recruit instruction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Third, in the militia, men between eighteen and twenty-five years of age, to organize, train and discipline a force of real fighting value. In Australia, as in the United States, primary education is compulsory and free.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 81]In most of the antipodean states children remain at school up to fourteen years of age. Schools are found in even thinly populated districts and three-fourths of the children of the country attend the same. The other fourth attend private schools. The commonwealth government has no authority over education, which, as it is in the United States, is a function of the state government. But the central government has power to require training for military purposes in all schools. It was no difficult task to introduce military instruction in the schools, as, before the passage of the defense act, volunteer cadet corps existed in primary institutions of learning. These numbered some 30,000 students and have passed on their name, junior cadets, to the present organizations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Although Australia is a young country, the effect of the crowding into the cities has already been marked among the youth of the land. A sharp difference is noted between the city- and the country-bred boy. So this\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 82]physical training is a national asset, even though many of the boys who train, afterwards fail to come up to the high standard set for entrance into the militia. In the schools all cadets are examined medically before being subject to the fatigues of military exercise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the commonwealth government had no power to legislate military instruction into existence as an added burden to the schoolmasters, it had to be accepted voluntarily. In recompense the central administration made grants to schools meeting the government requirements. All the schools are now conducting the training. Teachers undertake a special course in order to fit themselves for the work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The training consists of not less than fifteen minutes each day devoted to physical exercises and a short time occupied in marching drill, which, in practice, is infantry squad drill. In addition, the cadet can choose two of the following subjects as part of his military course:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 83]}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Miniature rifle shooting.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Swimming.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Running exercises in organized games.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 4.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 First aid to the wounded.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~do not hesitate to say the First Hundred Thousand, as they are now designated\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the expeditionary army England sent to Flanders and France in August, 1914\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as a fighting force\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 has never been excelled. The battalions were professional soldiers. Their training had been practical. Their equipment was excellent. Their physical condition\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 91]superb. What added highly to the effectiveness of these battalions was the standard of marksmanship maintained in the English army. The splendid shooting ability of the British soldiers saved them from annihilation. The discipline that had become part of their nervous reactions made it possible for them to carry out with small loss, a retreat that has since become historic. Superior numbers overwhelmed the British at Mons and Le Cateau. Yet, despite two severe defeats, the army was extricated from an almost impossible situation and suffered no deterioration in morale. In the same predicament, any save highly trained and efficient units would have probably repeated the famous maneuver of the Northern army at the battle of Bull Run.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Best in the world. Nobody retreated better.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 First, it is seen a country that relies on a limited\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 although highly trained\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 professional army cannot cope in combat with a state that follows the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93nation in arms\u8221\'94 principle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The English army served an excellent purpose. Without it a large part of the British Empire would have had to depend upon local forces for protection. In brief, the function of the regular army in Great Britain, as in the United States, was primarily\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 102]to garrison distant possessions. It was a sort of sublimated police. To expect such a force to meet any other hostile menace, successfully, is outside military reason. Mobilization is the first activity of defense, and it is obviously impossible to concentrate quickly, troops scattered over a large area of the earth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s surface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Second, reserves cannot be improvised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With the best will and spirit in the world, the English people could not throw into the field a proper supporting force for the first line. It was clearly demonstrated that the training of supplementary forces cannot be left to the moment of the outbreak of hostilities without entailing heavy and unnecessary losses in the first line. That the organization of new forces under the stress of war is always a difficult and demoralizing process was sharply shown. In this connection it was discovered that a haphazard system of second-line training in time of peace gave the minimum of efficiency in time of war.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 103]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Third, universal liability to service, certainly in event of war, is the only just and efficient system of defense organization.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Only after the bitterest lessons did England and the English people consent to conscription. It cannot be said the nation embraced the change in its military ideals, save in a spirit of resentment against Germany for making the measure necessary. But the government and the people realized it was no longer an abstract discussion between the principles of volunteering and conscription. Opposed as the body of the populace were to any measure in the smallest degree tainted with Prussianism, yet under the soul-testing ordeal of battle they took their lesson from the enemy and prepared to meet him on nearly equal terms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The present European war will bring about a revolution in military science. The change may be more complete than that which marked the Napoleonic period, more radical than the era that saw the introduction\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 106]of gunpowder. As the battle of Harfleur marked the change of military tactics in the fifteenth century, so will the battle of the Marne record the alteration of tactics in the twentieth century. During this battle, aeroplanes were first extensively used in \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93spotting,\u8221\'94 which is a colloquial artillery term meaning to locate and indicate the range of enemy batteries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The aged-proved axioms of strategy will always remain the same, yet the European war has evolved an extraordinary evolution in armament.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The experts who theorized about the effect of modern weapons before the war, declared that battles would be conducted with immense intervals separating the contending forces. }{\f0\fs24\b1 The killing power of the modern rifle was so great that troops could not approach within a mile of one another.}{\f0\fs24\b0  But experience refutes theories. The trench lines of armies are now sometimes only ten yards apart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Against the magazine rifle and the machine gun, the charge was impossible, the bayonet obsolete, said the wise ones. Far from being the fact, the charge is a nightly maneuver and the bayonet, especially the hand variety, is still the best weapon the soldier carries. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 LMAOOOOooooo}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0}