{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Paul barnett}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Claudius expels the jews - 49}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Great fire of rome - 64}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vespasian hunts descendants of david - 71}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Domition does the same - 81}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Claudius (41-54)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cassius dio 165-235 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Roman History (211-233)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As for the Jews, who had again increased so greatly that by reason of their multitude it would have been hard without raising a tumult to bar them from the city, he did not drive them out, but ordered them, while continuing their traditional mode of life, not to hold meetings. He also disbanded the clubs, which had been reintroduced by Gaius }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suetonius - 69 -122}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Twelve Caesars (121)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He banished from\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/entityvote?doc=Perseus:text:1999.02.0132:life=cl.:chapter=25&auth=perseus,Rome&n=6&type=place"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rome}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~all the Jews, who were continually making disturbances at the instigation of one Chrestus. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Footnote 8 - p45.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - e.a. judge and g.s.r. thomas - suggest that chrestus was not jesus the messiah but a messianic pretender whose name has not survived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - H. D. Slingerland\\, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Claudian plicymaking and the early imperial repression of judaism at rome, has rejected altogether the imterpretatio christiana , which he says arose through the influence of the fifth-century historian orosius. For extensive defense of Chrestus as (Jesus), see rainer riesner, Paul\u8217\'92s Early Period - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See page 29 - *we infer*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tacitus 56-120}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Annals - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tacitus would write an account of the actions taken against the christians, hom he spurns for their \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hatered of the human race,\u8221\'94 that is, for their studied aloofness from roman society. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Christus, the founder of the name, had undergone the death penalty in the reign of Tiberius, by sentence of the procurator Pontius Pilatus,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://penelope.uchicago.edu/Thayer/E/Roman/Texts/Tacitus/Annals/15B*.html#note29"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b1\i0 2}}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 9}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and the pernicious superstition was checked for a moment, only to break out once more, not merely in Judaea, the home of the disease, but in the capital itself, where all things horrible or shameful in the world collect and find a vogue. First, then, the confessed members of the sect were arrested; next, on their disclosures, vast\~\~p285\~numbers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://penelope.uchicago.edu/Thayer/E/Roman/Texts/Tacitus/Annals/15B*.html#note30"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b1\i0 3}}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 0}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~were convicted, not so much on the count of arson as for hatred of the human race.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://penelope.uchicago.edu/Thayer/E/Roman/Texts/Tacitus/Annals/15B*.html#note31"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b1\i0 3}}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 1}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~And derision accompanied their end: they were covered with wild beasts' skins and torn to death by dogs; or they were fastened on crosses, and, when daylight failed were burned to serve as lamps by night. Nero had offered his Gardens for the spectacle, and gave an exhibition in his Circus, mixing with the crowd in the habit of a charioteer, or mounted on his car. Hence, in spite of a guilt which had earned the most exemplary punishment, there arose a sentiment of pity, due to the impression that they were being sacrificed not for the welfare of the state but to the ferocity of a single man }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The New Oxford Annotated Bible commentary on the passage notes it this way:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The angels are probably the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93sons of God\u8221\'94 in Gen 6.2 who had intercourse with mortal women and fathered a race of giants. Like other Jewish writers of the period (e.g., T. Reuben 5.6), Paul evidently fears that the angels will be aroused to lust by the sight of exposed women.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This goes along with a general belief at the time, shown by the popularity of the Enochic literature and other pseudepigraphical works about fallen angels and their lust for women. These texts expanded on the stories of Genesis 6. Here's Francesca Stavrakopoulou in God: An Anatomy:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is likely a stripped-back version of a much fuller myth describing the corruption of the earliest humans. It is found in its longer form in a composition called the Book of Watchers, an early version of which is included in a text known as 1 Enoch (c. fourth century BCE). Here, the Sons of God are the Watchers \endash  a group of 200 divine beings who function as God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s emissaries (or \u8216\'91angels\u8217\'92). Unable to resist the charms of mortal women, the Watchers descend from the heavens to have sex with them, but defile their holiness in the process by engaging in what is essentially depicted as cross-species sex. For the women, however, sex with these divine beings is not defiling, but enlightening: the Watchers teach them the divine secrets of magic, medicine and metallurgy, so that they can not only better harness the powers of the cosmos, but render themselves even more beautiful by making and wearing magical jewellery. Meanwhile, the giant Nephilim born to the women go on the rampage; having gobbled up the earth\u8217\'92s supply of food, they begin to devour humans. It is only when God\u8217\'92s senior emissaries (the archangels Michael, Sariel, Raphael and Gabriel) hear the cries of despair from mortal men that they ask God to intervene and rid the world of all its dangerously corrupted life forms \endash  hence the Flood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is a story that would remain popular \endash  and alarming \endash  within ancient Jewish and early Christian circles. Indeed, by the middle of the first century CE, Paul was alluding to it when he insisted that women should keep their heads veiled or covered during prayer and prophecy \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91on account of the angels\u8217\'92, to prevent them from attracting the attention of the divine beings watching over worship. And by the beginning of the second century, the story had become a repeated motif in Christian teaching, warning human sinners of God\u8217\'92s punishing ways, much as the New Testament letters of 2 Peter and Jude suggest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite the lack of canonicity of 1 Enoch in most church traditions (Ethiopian Orthodoxy aside) it remains extremely influential on later conceptions of fallen angels and on the New Testament itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hegesippus - 110-180}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Hegesippus' works are now entirely lost, save eight passages concerning Church history quoted by Eusebius. Through Eusebius, Hegesippus was also known to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerome"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jerome}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hegesippus_(chronicler)#cite_note-7"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 7]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~who is responsible for the idea that Hegesippus "wrote a history of all ecclesiastical events from the passion of our Lord down to his own period... in five volumes", which has established the\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Hypomnemata}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~as a Church history }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eusubius - 260-339}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Josephus - 37-100 (90s)}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 while historian\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E._Mary_Smallwood"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mary Smallwood}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , in the introduction to the translation of\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The Jewish War}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G._A._Williamson"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 G. A. Williamson}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , writes:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [Josephus] was conceited, not only about his own learning, but also about the opinions held of him as commander both by the Galileans and by the Romans; he was guilty of shocking duplicity at Jotapata, saving himself by sacrifice of his companions; he was too naive to see how he stood condemned out of his own mouth for his conduct, and yet no words were too harsh when he was blackening his opponents; and after landing, however involuntarily, in the Roman camp, he turned his captivity to his own advantage, and benefited for the rest of his days from his change of side}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Antiquities of the Jews}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - \~After this, on the second day, he placed the heaven over the whole world, and separated it from the other parts, and he determined it should stand by itself. He also placed a crystalline [firmament] round it, and put it together in a manner agreeable to the earth, and fitted it for giving moisture and rain, and for affording the advantage of dews. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - at that time the serpent, which then lived together with Adam and his wife, shewed an envious disposition, at his supposal of their living happily, and in obedience to the commands of God; and imagining, that when they disobeyed them, they would fall into calamities, he persuaded the woman, out of a malicious intention, to taste of the tree of knowledge, telling them, that in that tree was the knowledge of good and evil; which knowledge, when they should obtain, they would lead a happy life; nay, a life not inferior to that of a god: by which means he overcame the woman, and persuaded her to despise the command of God. Now when she had tasted of that tree, and was pleased with its fruit, she persuaded Adam to make use of it also. Upon this they perceived that they were become naked to one another; and being ashamed thus to appear abroad, they invented somewhat to cover them; for the tree sharpened their understanding; and they covered themselves with fig-leaves; and tying these before them, out of modesty, they thought they were happier than they were before, as they had discovered what they were in want of.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Now there was about this time Jesus, a wise man, if it be lawful to call him a man; for he was a doer of wonderful works, a teacher of such men as receive the truth with pleasure. He drew over to him both many of the Jews and many of the Gentiles. He was [the] Christ. And when Pilate, at the suggestion of the principal men amongst us, had condemned him to the cross,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/files/2848/2848-h/2848-h.htm#link18note-9"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0\i0 9}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~those that loved him at the first did not forsake him; for he appeared to them alive again the third day;\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/files/2848/2848-h/2848-h.htm#link18note-10"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0\i0 1}}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 0}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~as the divine prophets had foretold these and ten thousand other wonderful things concerning him. And the tribe of Christians, so named from him, are not extinct at this day. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 As is common with ancient texts, however, there are no known manuscripts of Josephus' works that can be dated before the 11th century, and the oldest which do survive were copied by Christian monks }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A different set of external arguments against the authenticity of the\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Testimonium}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(either partial or total) are "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arguments_from_silence"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 arguments from silence}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ", e.g. that although twelve Christian authors refer to Josephus before Eusebius in AD\~324, none mentions the\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Testimonium}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josephus_on_Jesus#cite_note-Rothchild274-73"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 73]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josephus_on_Jesus#cite_note-FOOTNOTEFeldmanHata198757-74"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 74]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even after Eusebius' AD\~324 reference, it is not until\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerome"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jerome}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 's\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/De_Viris_Illustribus_(Jerome)"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1 De Viris Illustribus}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(c. AD\~392) that the passage from Josephus is referenced again, even though the\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Testimonium'}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 s reference to Jesus would seem appropriate in the works of many intervening\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patristic"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 patristic}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~authors.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josephus_on_Jesus#cite_note-Rothchild274-73"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 73]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josephus_on_Jesus#cite_note-FOOTNOTEFeldmanHata198757-74"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 74]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~However,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bart_D._Ehrman"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bart D. Ehrman}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_P._Meier"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 John P. Meier}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~have argued that this silence is mainly due to the fact that the original\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Testimonium}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~probably had a neutral tone toward Jesus and did not contain elements that would have been useful to Christian apologetics, since it did not recognize him as the Messiah, nor did it speak about his resurrection; it was, therefore, not a useful instrument in their polemics with Pagan writers}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look at ships too: Though they are so large and driven by harsh winds, they are steered by a tiny rudder wherever the pilot\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inclination directs. 5 So, too, the tongue is a small part of the body, yet it has great pretensions. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For every kind of animal, bird, reptile, and sea creature is subdued and has been subdued by humankind. 8 But no human being can subdue the tongue; it is a restless evil, full of deadly poison. 9 With it we bless the Lord and Father, and with it we curse people made in God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s image. 10 From the same mouth come blessing and cursing. These things should not be so, my brothers and sisters. 11 A spring does not pour out fresh water and bitter water from the same opening, does it? 12 Can a fig tree produce olives, my brothers and sisters, or a vine produce figs? Neither can a salt water spring produce fresh water. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Origen 185 \endash \~c.\~253 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JAMES;}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Adulterers, do you\~not\~know\~that\~friendship\~with the\~world\~means\~hostility\~toward\~God? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So\~whoever\~decides\~to\~be\~the\~world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\~friend\~makes\~himself\~God\u8217\'92s\~enemy. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Draw near to God and he will draw near to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and make your hearts pure, you double-minded. 9 Grieve, mourn, and weep. Turn your laughter into mourning and your joy into despair. 10 Humble yourselves before the Lord and he will exalt you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Come now, you who say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Today or tomorrow we will go into this or that town and spend a year there and do business and make a profit.\u8221\'94 14 You do not know about tomorrow. What is your life like? For you are a puff of smoke that appears for a short time and then vanishes. 15 You ought to say instead, \u8220\'93If the Lord is willing, then we will live and do this or that.\u8221\'94 16 But as it is, you boast about your arrogant plans. All such boasting is evil. 17 So whoever knows what is good to do and does not do it is guilty of sin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For\~just as\~the\~body\~without\~the\~spirit\~is\~dead,\~so\~also\~faith\~without\~works\~is\~dead. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plutarch - the superstitious man enjoys no common world with the rest of mankind}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/AcademicBiblical/comments/1afskyw/because_of_the_angels1_corinthians_1110/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1 Corinthians 11:10}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Come now, you rich! Weep and cry aloud over the miseries that are coming on you. 2 Your riches have rotted and your clothing has become moth-eaten. 3 Your gold and silver have rusted and their rust will be a witness against you. It will consume your flesh like fire. It is in the last days that you have hoarded treasure! 4 Look, the pay you have held back from the workers who mowed your fields cries out against you, and the cries of the reapers have reached the ears of the Lord of Heaven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Armies. 5 You have lived indulgently and luxuriously on the earth. You have fattened your hearts in a day of slaughter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}