{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Invincible dread. That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a twist on a catholic term of art: Invinicble ignorance. Is what they use to console mothers about the souls of dead babies. Such children, lacking speech, are said to be invincibly ignorant of the message of Christ.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Since catholicism became the of medieval europe, the term was also derived just war theory. Only one side of a war could be said to be waging a just war. But when both sides present arguments which supports their cause, the church would find itself in a sitcky situatuation, they were invincibly ignorant of the causes, of who truly had the side of justice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its a kind of term - maybe bring into this computational irreducibility. Impossibilty of truly knowing. This leads, I think, to state of Invincible Dread.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This book, Invincible dread, has nothing to do Christ, or computers, or. It is set in a fantasy world, akin to ancient mesopotamia, Rome, Egypt. But even then, the people of this place suffer from the same doubts.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its a sprawling fantasy novel. There\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s too much in it to sumrise with any certainty. with terrifying beasts, blah blah blah, and cannibals. The best answer to what is it about? It\u8217\'92s about Invincible Dread.}}