{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When humanity was young and most people were living in dens like lizards, the people who called themselves the Solgruin were building civilization. They built the first canals and the first sustenance fields; a grid of plots measuring 6 by 1, clean and even rectangles set just off the banks of the Solket river, mapped out by the first cadastral texts. They had the first plow oxen, the first harvests, and the first age of plenty, all followed by the first catastrophic drought, the first stretch of worn out land, and the first law of fallow. This was all long, long before rest of Old Jandri toddled to its feet, and it was a time that history would have forgot if not for the fact that when the Solgruin capital burned to the ground, the fires baked the scribal clay as hard as rocks and crumbling ruins kept them buried safe for centuries. One of the stories that survived was the story of the creation of the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One day, Solgruin petitioners went to the temple of Solraheen, and outside the veil of His bedchamber, they sang their complaint to Him in structured verse - as it was proper etiquette to address the Creator with song, even if all you were doing was complaining about how the Goree mountains were too difficult to traverse. The Solgruin were set on the western side of the Goree, and eastern Jandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t far away by land, yet because of the Goree\u8217\'92s impenetrable physique, the only way to get there was by boat, a five day journey around the southern horn, and the ferrymen charged extortionate prices. The song ended by requesting, humbly, that Solraheen should part the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Solraheen asked why they would want to go to eastern Jandri, the Solgruin said that they wanted to spread Your word to our kin. The truth was that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard rumors of gold laying on the ground in eastern Jandri. Naturally, Solraheen saw through their pretensions and denied their request.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few hundred years later, the Solgruin forgot that Solraheen refused their forebears, and they went to Him a second time to ask, humbly, if He might part the mountains. This generation was more honest in their request, as they made clear their desires were mundane; they wanted to walk their caravans into eastern Jandri, that they might trade with the budding cities of Jeket and Shagota.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again, Solraheen denied them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Time passed, the Solket river dwindled, the city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s temple began to fail, and again, a new generation rose up and went before Solraheen and asked if He might part the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This third time, Solraheen answered with action. He walked to the mountains, climbed the tallest peak one day north of the city, and there he stomped on the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back and broke it. A great fissure opened up in the earth, making the way traversable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yet the Solgruin did not rejoice, for when Solraheen showed them what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done, He said to the them, \u8220\'93Look upon this scar which mars My creation and lament your insolence. This mountain impeded your comings and goings, and so you sought to destroy it. Now, it is destroyed, it\u8217\'92s beauty gone. Cursed are you who pass through it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This story is taught in every Solitant school throughout the Hrkan world because its lesson is not obvious, and the process of discovering that lesson is meant to be a stepping stone to prepare students for some of the more unintuitive theologies, for if one operates solely on common sense and surface understandings, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll arrive at the wrong conclusion. It would seem that the story of the Goree Pass is one which highlights humanity\u8217\'92s self-centered hubris; Solraheen created the earth and all its beauty, and then humanity comes along, and in its presumptuous way, said to its Creator, \u8220\'93What you\u8217\'92ve made is great, but you know it really would be a lot better if we could just make a few changes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how Mandrameen understood the story - it\u8217\'92s a warning to never put your own desires above Solraheen\u8217\'92s, else you might be cursed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But he was told that understanding was wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because his Solitant proctor said so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The old man tried to explain that young Mandri was making a category error, that there is no difference between our desires and Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, but Mandrameen wouldn\u8217\'92t have it. Even at the tender age of ten, he\u8217\'92d heard it all before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our desires are Solraheen\u8217\'92s desires, for we are His tools, and a tool is an expression of purpose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Humanity is His tool, one that He uses to shape creation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As the desires of the wind shapes the dunes, and the desires of the water shapes the valleys, so too do the desires of humanity shape the rock and clay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Virtuous desires, corrupting desires\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Humanity is reduced to an impersonal force, more in common with the wind and rain than the mind of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are the painting, not the painter. We are the subject, not the audience.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And if we are not the intended audience, then it necessarily follows that there is no lesson for us in the story of the Goree pass, or in any story in particular. And if all we are is an animated drama with profound aesthetic appeal, then the Goree Pass is not an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91ugly\u8217\'92 rent in the mountain range, it is an act in a play, one with a depth of meaning that transcends the capacity for human reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is all a little bit much to lay on a gaggle of ten year olds. It begs the question, one which a precocious ten-year old might ask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If stories aren\u8217\'92t meant for us, then why do we listen to and tell them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To this, Solitants smirk and say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very good, you\u8217\'92re on the right track,\u8221\'94 and then they refuse to explicate, the only nod with a promising smile that suggests that the student is on the cusp of righteousness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen liked the story of the Goree Pass. There was something in it for him. It justified the act of ripping up a painting to spite a client, just as Solraheen ripped up the Goree to spite the Solgruin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had spent a week and a small fortune on this painting, and he scrapped it because the woman who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d commissioned it said she wouldn\u8217\'92t pay unless he put a dog in the foreground shadow. The painting\u8217\'92s subject was the rape of Belsurnag, set in the receiving room of the King of the Huldolun, and the woman wanted Mandri to put a smiling dog in the foreground. This wasn\u8217\'92t some clever metaphorical bent, she wanted Mandrameen to paint her own, small, shaggy lapdog as a kind of private aside, a conversation starter, so that when people would go to her house and see the beautiful Belsurnag being ravaged by a Hrkan Lord on the richly patterned carpet, their eyes would stumble over the brown, shaggy creature sitting there on a lacquered chair and say, \u8220\'93That looks just like your Puddles!\u8221\'94, and the woman would say, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because it is my Puddles!\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, Mandri could have tried find a different buyer, but in the moment he was overcome with resentment, and as his fingers tore the canvas, a sense of justice motivated through his veins, and he tore it completely in half, right there in front of that woman. The shock and horror on her face was cathartic. Then came confused anger. Her voiced pitched up into the hysterics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is wrong with you!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Mandri had the power, he would have cursed that woman, just as Solraheen cursed those who journey the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But even curses do little to dissuade people from defying their own desires. After all, here they were, the Ayramun, Mandrameen himself, venturing south in the cold shadow of the Goree mountains, headed for the pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 According to Moto, the Greskalun made their home inside the pass itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Either there was no curse and the story was just a story, or maybe the Solitants were right about not taking the surface meaning too seriously. Or, and this is what Moto believed, the curse was only meant for the Solgruin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto gestured grandly to the bright morning sky and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could such a place be cursed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aside from the morning chill, it was clean, easy going. To Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right was the open desert, and to his left were the Goree mountains, though they weren\u8217\'92t really mountains in the traditional sense, they were smooth, swooping, terraced walls of red sandstone, a thousand staggered plateaus looking like squat redoubts, each a link in a continental fortress built by Solraheen to hold back the Namid from spreading out of control. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marching southward, came the first signs of Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spite, for the ground under Mandri\u8217\'92s feet grew uneven as rocks popped up out of the sand like roots, and the further south they went, the Goree\u8217\'92s wall grew more worn and pitted, and soon, there were jagged, fern-like cracks which radiated up from the ground, and these cracks had long been rubbed smooth by an eon of blasting sand, rounding the edges, pillowing the seams, giving the them the appearance of infected, pustuled scars. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri could see the Goree Pass in the distant south. It was a dark and sloping cut in the face of the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall. A black splinter poked up out of it, and Moto informed Mandri that that splinter was a tower, a central column in a fortification which spanned the length of the pass, protecting the entrance in ancient times from ancient evils. The Greskalun lived in it now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram led them straight for it, or as straight a path as he could manage with all the boulders scattered about. Scrambling over those which were mostly buried. Some were the size of Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is what rock vomit looks like,\u8221\'94 said Seb. He was walking alongside Mandri and Obo, gums squelching on a Borcandi spine. \u8220\'93Solraheen punched the gut of the mountain, and the mountain spat these big rocks out. Can you believe it? Like kidney stones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo, bouncing along in his litter, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a peculiar talent for transforming the ineffable into the disgusting,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri agreed that the scattered boulders were a disquieting sight, for the amount of power needed to lift them up, let alone toss them this far out would have been indescribable. Would have been unbelievable if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Solraheen who\u8217\'92d done it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen imagined Solraheen standing up there on the tallest plateau, His figure a radiant speck outshining the sun, his golden rays filtering through the dusty wind, and, well, a god such as He wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to strike the earth to split it, it would be enough for Him to stamp His intention into the dirt, and the rest of creation would manifest His will. All it would take is a tap of the toe for Him to set the fount of creation under the earth to bubbling, the mountains to quaking, and then the earth\u8217\'92s crust would burst open, and exploding out, miles up into the air, were stones the size of houses. A long sliver of the mountain reduced to rubble and spat out - vomited out - onto the desert plain. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boulders dwarfed Mandrameen, and he supposed he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only one feeling small, for Seb\u8217\'92s back seemed stuck in an almost reverential bow. That bend could be attributed to the weight of Seb\u8217\'92s pack and the long journey bearing on him, but the man\u8217\'92s face was alight in anxious wonder as his eyes fretted about and his jaw chewed his borcandi spines so hard that his muscles were going stiff. And the man wasn\u8217\'92t paying attention to where he was spitting the juice. Halfway up and over a light scramble over a low shelf of rock, he hocked a particularly dreadful wad of spit onto Moto\u8217\'92s heel. This precipitated a conflict.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do that again,\u8221\'94 Moto said, \u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92ll be scraping your face off a rock with your kneecaps.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb lifted himself up onto. The two shared a long, sizing look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t disrespect me like that,\u8221\'94 said Seb. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? Me disrespect you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You threaten a man like that, it\u8217\'92s disrespectful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You spit on my leg!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was an accident!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m telling you, if you do it again, I\u8217\'92m going to .\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This a standoff.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri brushed past them, and then Purl. Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is how it gets when a fight is coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re expecting to get into a fight?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl scoffed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think we\u8217\'92ve come all this way for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Running from the Hrks,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not running from them, we\u8217\'92re luring them into a trap.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what we\u8217\'92re doing?\u8221\'94 Obo asked, his sarcastic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl huffed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once we meet up with the Greskalun, we\u8217\'92re going to trap the Hrks in the Goree Pass and capture their Riga, and once that\u8217\'92s done, you will no longer be a problem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s all happening today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But we\u8217\'92ve just crawled out of the most forsaken place on earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Purl said. \u8220\'93If the Hrks are on us, it\u8217\'92ll be today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri asked Obo. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think, Obo? Are the Hrks right on our tail?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo was quick to answer, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been waiting for Mandri to ask. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t be sure,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl grunted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would he know about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He doesn\u8217\'92t know about it, that\u8217\'92s why he said he can\u8217\'92t be sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He acts like he does know, that\u8217\'92s the thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo quipped, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl reluctantly set her eyes upon Obo. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then stop acting like you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s he doing?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip curled in disgust. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s got that sickly smile plastered on his face,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s just how he looks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl grunted as if she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t agree. She to fix Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These could be your final hours, creature.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They could be yours as well,\u8221\'94 Obo countered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not getting it. If the Hrks do show up today, then regardless of who wins, you\u8217\'92re as good as dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo nestled into his pack. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s true, then I suppose I shouldn\u8217\'92t be smiling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is true.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See, that\u8217\'92s exactly it - you act like you know something I don\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85 and maybe you do, but I know things you don\u8217\'92t know too, and if you were smart you\u8217\'92d take that into account before getting all smugly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl, I don\u8217\'92t doubt that you have some unique experiences or information that I don\u8217\'92t, but what you don\u8217\'92t have - and this isn\u8217\'92t an insult, I\u8217\'92m simply being honest here - what you don\u8217\'92t have is insight. You don\u8217\'92t have understanding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s nothing to be ashamed of. No one criticizes a rock for it\u8217\'92s capacity for reason. A rock is a rock and that\u8217\'92s fine. It\u8217\'92s the same for humans such as yourself and Mandrameen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, so we\u8217\'92re rocks compared to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again, I\u8217\'92m not insulting you. Human beings in general. Oh, don\u8217\'92t act like you don\u8217\'92t agree. I\u8217\'92ve seen the way you look at people. Any time someone says something ridiculous, I see those eyes go dead - see that\u8217\'92s it! That\u8217\'92s exactly it, that furrowed brow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evidently your missing the way I\u8217\'92m looking at you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My are simply confusing your reflexive impulses. Someone says something you don\u8217\'92t agree with, and you look at them like they\u8217\'92re stupid, only in my case, the fact that you don\u8217\'92t agree with me is your fault.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re just as dumb as anyone else, the only difference is that you don\u8217\'92t know it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsense. The difference between a Mazyd and a human is that humans cannot access the necessary equipment to efficiently traverse the landscape of all possible understanding. A Mazyd is not similarly deprived.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that even mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Humans, such as yourselves, have never climbed Mount Arausing in the badlands, and it\u8217\'92s not for a lack of trying, either. It is simply not something that can be done with hands and feet, or even climbing picks and rope. That inability to reach the peaks of Nugrush is a consequence of your design, because other creatures, designed differently, can reach it. Birds can reach it. Some species of lizards. This isn\u8217\'92t an indictment on humanity, it\u8217\'92s simply a matter of kind. It\u8217\'92s not an insult to point out the fact that you\u8217\'92ll never climb Nugrush, and so it\u8217\'92s not an insult to say you\u8217\'92ll never reach the peaks of understanding.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why does it feel like you\u8217\'92re insulting us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you\u8217\'92re coming to terms with your own inadequacies. I can\u8217\'92t imagine that feels good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl, you do not have the tools necessary to know whether or not I\u8217\'92m wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need a climbing pick to know you\u8217\'92re full of shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri chuckled at the . Obo groaned and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pithy sentiments won\u8217\'92t change the truth of your own nature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again, it\u8217\'92s not an insult. I am simply stating a fact. A fact is not insulting, it simply is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A simple fact. Obo, that\u8217\'92s not how . There\u8217\'92s no such thing as \u8216\'91simple facts\u8217\'92. And in your case, and you, Obo, are a schemer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I\u8217\'92m a schemer. Everyone is a schemer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri cocked his head proudly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a schemer,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dismissed Mandri\u8217\'92s statement with a , and said, \u8220\'93Anyone who wants to accomplish anything schemes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only kings, priests, and demons scheme.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Scheming, manipulation, these things aren\u8217\'92t bad, they\u8217\'92re inevitable. There\u8217\'92s only the matter of whether or not a person is honest about doing it, and I\u8217\'92m an honest schemer. I\u8217\'92ve made my goals abundantly clear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are not getting a Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At the present moment, no, I\u8217\'92m not, but circumstances can change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not even going to be alive by the time night rolls in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I will be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl tsk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d and said, \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s that misguided certainty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, hold on. Maybe Obo is right and the Hrks aren\u8217\'92t actually behind us. I feel like that\u8217\'92s something He could know. Remember how he knew the Hrks were coming when we were down in that pit cave?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence that followed told Mandri that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made sense. Purl was . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Obo who picked up the thread. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not so much that the Hrks aren\u8217\'92t there,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s that the Greskalun aren\u8217\'92t there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are seeking out the Greskalun, expecting to find them at the entrance of the Goree Pass, but we\u8217\'92re not going to find them there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because they\u8217\'92re not there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could you possibly know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A preponderance of evidence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a state between annoyance and disbelief, and Purl\u8217\'92s was steaming in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would take too much time for me to recount my reasoning. We\u8217\'92ll upon the pass before long and you\u8217\'92ll see for yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri thought he could hear Purl mulling Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words her head, and that was without even being able to see her, like the cadence of her march was more contemplative.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventuality, Purl blurted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re so full of shit,\u8221\'94 and Mandri had to catch himself from as she stomped past. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He half-whispered to Obo, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you full of shit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo chuckled to himself, a __ chuckle, almost like a purr, as if he were a cat nestling down in a window-square of sunlight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have I ever lied?\u8221\'94 He asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Mandri firmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. But I\u8217\'92m sure you have. Don\u8217\'92t expect me to believe that you\u8217\'92ve never lied.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have wronged, I have deceived, but in all my life, I have never lied.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure you haven\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t. Or should I lie to get you to trust my honest word?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, please. In the same breath you admit that you\u8217\'92re deceitful and then you claim you\u8217\'92ve never lied. You can\u8217\'92t do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Strictly speaking, my words are true even if my intentions are dishonest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no difference between\u8230\'85 there\u8217\'92s no difference between manipulating the truth and lying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is mountain of a difference! Lying leaves you no wiggle room if circumstances conspire against you. If you always tell the truth, no one can ever accuse you of misleading them because you can say, \u8216\'91When have I lied to you?\u8217\'92, and they\u8217\'92ll be left stumbling after bad eggs. So, for as long as other people matter, it is always best to tell the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m confused, are you trying to get me to trust you more, or less?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At this point I\u8217\'92m just speaking openly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re friends Mandri, this is what friends do. They talk about what interests them so that they can fully-realize another person in their mind, that they might be lassoed and brought nearer together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I already know who you are, Obo. You might have all these Ayramun fooled, but I know who you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So dramatic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see how you smile whenever someone calls you \u8216\'91creature\u8217\'92, like you\u8217\'92re proud of it. You think you\u8217\'92re something different, better than us, but you\u8217\'92re no different at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can shoot sunfire out of my mouth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re different in some ways, sure, but in all the ways that matter you\u8217\'92re as much a human being as anyone else. More human, even. The perfect human. Humanity distillate. I bet that\u8217\'92s what the Mazyd guild were doing when they made you, they bundled up a ball of people and just }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 squeezed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  you out of them.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, that\u8217\'92s not too far off from the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri hiccuped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only talk about about the squeezing, though. In mind and temperament, believe me when I say that I am nothing at all like you or any other person you\u8217\'92ve ever met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you are! Listen to yourself\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A sword is not the same as the iron ore from which it is drawn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re made of human, if you act human, you are human. You can\u8217\'92t wriggle out of this with some bullshit metaphor. It\u8217\'92s high time you feel wounded by the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t be wounded by an arrow that misses.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ha! I missed? I haven\u8217\'92t missed, in fact, your assumption that I\u8217\'92ve missed proves my point\u8230\'85 The dumb certainty in spite of your ignorance\u8230\'85 that is so quintessentially human.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, if you think that\u8217\'92s the essence of humanity is idiocy, then you\u8217\'92ve been severely overestimating your kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ha!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re forgetting that there\u8217\'92s one urge which underpins almost all human behavior, and that\u8217\'92s an urge which I lack completely. I don\u8217\'92t even need to suppress it, like I can suppress pain, because it\u8217\'92s simply not there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what urge is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How should I put this delicately\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you talking about sex?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, the marital urge... If it\u8217\'92s not infecting every little decision you make, then it\u8217\'92s hanging like a specter over your life\u8217\'92s ambitions. I suffer from no such affliction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lucky you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And to be sure - that\u8217\'92s only the footstool of the differences between you and I. The crown is beyond \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t \u8216\'91Uh-huh\u8217\'92 me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay then, what\u8217\'92s the crowning difference.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You lack the conceptual framework to understanding it. Perhaps if you were schooled in the logics we could approach it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo sighs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For you, the intellect is nothing but a weapon which you use to fend off challenges to your sense of self. For me, it is something else altogether. Look at Purl up ahead. If you can look past her pelvic girdle and , Right now she\u8217\'92s scrambling to make sense of the prospect that the greskalun aren\u8217\'92t actually here, that I might be all bad. Her entire mind is engaged in the act of defending her sense of the world and her own place in it, when instead, she could have accepted the truth of the situation and moved on to dealing with it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I still don\u8217\'92t see how you could know that the Greskalun aren\u8217\'92t there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s make a bet. If the Greskalun are in the pass, then }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And if they aren\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll continue to carry you around.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not a fair bet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was this feeling, not quite captured in any painting of the subject, that the Goree was not a mountain but a corpse of stone lying there on the desert, rotted through. The further south they walked, the clearer this became as the main body of the mountain, at first a smooth, sheer face, progressively crumbled into a heap. More and more loose stone was piled up at it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s base, and these shards, many scattered about like the leavings of flies beside a carcass, were as friable as the brittlest shale. They crunched underfoot, and the larger stones were as diseased; when Mandri set his hand to brace himself against a boulder, his palm punched a dent in it, as if it were a. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was, undoubtedly, a curse on this land, and Mandri and the Ayramun were fast approaching its source: the pass itself. Though the depths of the pass were hidden by the sharp angle from which Mandri viewed it, its presence marked by a black tower which poked out from it like a splinter stuck in a wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If that tower had a truer name than \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91The Western Tower\u8217\'92, Mandri did not catch it among the nervous whispers of the Ayramun. A had settled in among them, and Mandri as well. He wasn\u8217\'92t worried as much about the Greskalun, he just didn\u8217\'92t like towers. Towers, as a general rule, were evil. A tower could be built of the purest marble and haloed by the sun, but it\u8217\'92d still have an air of evil because there was always the question of what someone could be doing to warrant such elevated privacy; nothing good. A short, makeshift wooden watchtower on tribal frontiers was the only legitimate use of a tower. Everything else was cover for evil intentions, or otherwise monuments to human hubris, and this Tower, black and foreboding as it was, was a particularly striking example of the latter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are certain schools of landscape painters which get paid handsomely to advertise certain places of the world, holy places mostly, holy places near markets that survive on pilgrim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s coin. For a good long while, The Western Tower was one such subject, because if people visited the tower, then mostly came up through old Sisli. So that\u8217\'92s what the tower was in Mandri\u8217\'92s mind, a hollow icon, symbol of greed, a perversion of a perversion, a scene rendered cheaply on kulp wood panels; the needle-like black tower set smack dab in the middle of the pass, though not in the middle of the painting, for the tower is always placed on that crutch for middling artists called the golden third. They do what they can with the sky and clouds, but it\u8217\'92s always a static scene, the black tower and its walls plugging up the pass, and travelers - more like a line of ants - being forced to pass through the tower\u8217\'92s gate for there\u8217\'92s no other way through. What\u8217\'92s clear is that this tower takes its role as a monument seriously. It stands there and forces all to reckon with it, a spike of unnatural black in a barren, red world; it doesn\u8217\'92t belong, and that\u8217\'92s all one can ask from a good monument, be big, and look like you don\u8217\'92t belong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These paintings are sometimes titled, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91The Gate of Shis\u8217\'92, though they\u8217\'92re never so haunting. The real approach to the Tower, however, was another matter. The paintings couldn\u8217\'92t capture how the brittle rock slopes threatened to come galloping down upon Mandri every time a lizard stirred from its nook at his approach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t possible to keep away from the rocks. Ayram was too concerned with not being seen by their Hrkan pursuit, so he pursued a course that led up into these crumbling mounds. Mandri wondered why keeping out of sight mattered if the Hrks could track Obo without seeing him, but he didn\u8217\'92t ask, he kept quiet lest he draw a fusillade of annoyed glances for asking a simple question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone kept quiet, whatever cheer had for making out of the was gone now that word of Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s prediction had spread amongst them. All eyes and ears were preoccupied with finding proof of the Greskalun\u8217\'92s presence, and their legs had picked up the pace, until it all came to halt when they rounded a shale-strewn corner and the Goree pass opened up before them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tall, black stone walls sprawled across the gap, and the great tower stood proudly, right in the middle, just as the paintings had predicted. Unlike the paintings, there weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any people, no trickle of ants passing into the tower\u8217\'92s mouth, though the mouth was wide open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Greskalun were not there. No one was. There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a sign they\u8217\'92d be back. The scene was of tombs and ghost towns, tribes driven out from the .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram summoned Moto with brusque a jerk of his bearded chin. A few whispered instructions later, and Moto hustled off towards the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow, hand clasping his scabbard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe they all retreated into their sanctuary,\u8221\'94 said Seb. Seb was chewing two spines at once so his words were garbled in slosh of spit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Retreated from what?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Seb said defensively. Moteah\u8217\'92s question was earnest, but Seb seemed to take it as an accusation. He hadn\u8217\'92t really thought that far ahead, and didn\u8217\'92t like being confronted with that fact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl took notice of this and her soft, lips were sigh-smiling in a, and offered up a suggestion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe it\u8217\'92s the pox,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went bright of revelation. \u8220\'93That could be it! It\u8217\'92s happened before, right? That\u8217\'92s what they do whenever the pox gets them, they run back into their sanctuary and stay put \u8216\'91til it all blows over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah remained unconvinced. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s the sign of fire?\u8221\'94, she asked, and when Seb looked at her like she\u8217\'92d , she clarified by saying, \u8220\'93If it was the pox, they would have burned everything they could, not carried it off.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri Wooden structures set up against the walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think we should go in,\u8221\'94 Purl said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hogwash,\u8221\'94 said Seb. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You guys know the story about the how the Goree Pass was created, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wasn\u8217\'92t sure. It just seems plainly obvious to me that this place is cursed, and has been since pretty much forever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only cursed if you\u8217\'92re from Solket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was, all this while, a faint whispering in the air. The first time Mandri heard it, it cricked his neck, the second time, he stopped and turned around asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is that?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto brushed past Mandri and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s vultures.\u8221\'94 He pointed up. Mandri looked up and saw nothing but a sinuous stripe of blue sky being squeezed by the canyon face. Then he heard the sound again, and on queue, there was a speck in the sky, a vulture soaring on thermals high overhead, in sight for only a moment as it curled back around towards whence it came. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The faint, wheezing screeches of birds, filtering down through the canyon to reach Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears like hissing whispers. Knowing what he knew about carrion eaters, Mandri thought he might prefer it if the whispering really was the haggard language of the rocks echoing Solraheen\u8217\'92s curse.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 aimless palpations in search of something that feels like the truth.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Every source, Hrkan not, agrees that during Solraheen\u8217\'92s first quiescence -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, it\u8217\'92s not worth it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Irritation in Seb at not being taken seriously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What could you possibly know about it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You keep asking that\u8230\'85 I have perfect knowledge of the historical record, and the record says that those who travel the pass are cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The outland tribes use the pass all the time,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And look how well that\u8217\'92s going for them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ever since the first tribesman wandered through the pass and was struck dead by a bolt of lightning, it\u8217\'92s been one catastrophe after the next.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If curses worked, the Hrkan Lords would have choked in their sleep a long, long time ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A whistle. Alertness}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram turned and all fell silent. He marched over to Mandri, and Mandri looked up at Ayram, fearing he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done or said something wrong. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take off you\u8217\'92re pack,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled. Mandri did as he was told, swung Obo\u8217\'92s litter off his shoulder and handed the Mazyd to Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Face close.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you people have something to do with this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was nothing of Obo but his bald, head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he said}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl stepped into the circle and pointed an accusatory finger at the Mazyd. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He knew the Greskalun wouldn\u8217\'92t be here, and that was miles ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo flicked his penetrating eye towards Purl. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should stop blaming the Hrkan world for all your problems,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I know you types abhor personal responsibility, but really, there comes a point when-.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks are the only ones who could have pushed the Greskalun out of that tower.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but all the same, the Hrks didn\u8217\'92t do it. The Goree pass is not yet in sight of the Hrkan lords.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl snapped at that remark, though her way of snapping was subdued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything is in sight of the Hrkan lords,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This drew a pronounced sigh from Obo. The was rolling off his tongue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe so. Maybe so,\u8221\'94 he said, and then, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose that any of you have an appreciation for how much grain it takes to sustain a fortification of that size. And this surrounding area isn\u8217\'92t exactly fertile land.\u8221\'94 Obo, head , looked down at the gravel strewn sand to prove his point. \u8220\'93If any of you were students of history, you might know that anytime there\u8217\'92s a drought in the river plain yonder south, this tower is the first to feel it. I suspect that\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s happened here; the Greskalun began to starve and simply moved on to greener pastures.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet. It was the first words Mandri had heard her speak for days. The words came from her throat as if they were not used to them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gresh - hghhmmm - Greskal would not abandon the pass,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As may be,\u8221\'94 Obo said, \u8220\'93but hunger makes people act out of character.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stepped in to clarify. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greskal\u8217\'92s line has a sacred duty to this place. They would not willingly leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo looked at Ayram with eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think a person }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  willing to do when hunger sets in?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greskal and his kin aren\u8217\'92t soft-bellied Hrks. They know hunger, they know suffering, they also know Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you agree. Why would \u8216\'91soft-bellied Hrks\u8217\'92 want to live in a place like this? If there was a system of support in place, then\u8230\'85 If you are asking me if there are Hrkans waiting behind those walls to ambush you as soon as you step through that gate, I can say with certainty that they are not there. I suspect no one is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb spat in Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s general direction. The loogie just missed Obo\u8217\'92s litter and splated harmlessly on a rock. Obo smiled at the affront, the way a smiles when . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb scowled back, then said to Ayram, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Greskalun could still be there. Pox, drought, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter - when things go bad for them, they go into the mountain. That\u8217\'92s what they do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 said Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or maybe not,\u8221\'94 Obo said, his tone suggesting . Instead of explaining, he wriggled around in his litter, his elbows stretching the leather as they twisted around. Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t help but chuckle at the sight of it. Obo looked like a toddler all swaddled up in his pack, trying to get comfortable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 Moteah wondered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With effort, Obo poked his hand up and out of the neck of his pouch, he widened the opening, and then up popped the ball-joint of a bone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What in the world?\u8221\'94 Seb exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where did you get that?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Back a little ways,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93It was sticking out of the ground next to a molar-looking boulder. Honestly, I\u8217\'92m surprised you all missed it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo pulled the bone fully out of his pack and held it aloft for all to see. It was the upper half of a leg bone, broken roughly in the middle, distinctively human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93Is a clue to the fate of your Greskalun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You find one bone and you think them dead?\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93One bone in the ground? A bone in the ground isn\u8217\'92t unusual. Where else are you expecting to find a bone? Find it floating in the air and maybe you\u8217\'92d have something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, let him speak,\u8221\'94 said Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb looked to Ayram for support, but Ayram was standing silent as usual, narrowing the world between just him and whatever he was looking at, and he was looking at that bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo turned it round in his hands and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Every bone tells a story\u8230\'85 gender, age, health, and you see this fracture? It\u8217\'92s an unusual fracture, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo ran his finger along the length of the fracture. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a clean fracture, a , it was a splintered fracture along the length of it, an open tube.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s broken bone,\u8221\'94 Seb said, unimpressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Breaking a bone lengthwise like this is not easy. If it were snapped in two like a dry twig, well that\u8217\'92s how bones naturally break. A break like this\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s not likely to happen accidentally.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Ayrams probing hands the bone looked like a child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. He said, \u8220\'93If your point is that this person was killed,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93that\u8217\'92s not unusual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought violence wasn\u8217\'92t allowed in the pass,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not in the pass,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo pointed to a purplish discoloration on the legbone, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And see this splotch here? This bone is not old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what?\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93A recent killing. It doesn\u8217\'92t explain why a hundred Greskalun aren\u8217\'92t here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t simply a killing,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93This medial split\u8230\'85 A blow to the leg would not crack the bone like that. Sure, it could happen, but the chances of that occurring are exceedingly slim.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get on with it,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen material like this in a late Old Jandri site. A collapsed society. Too many people and not enough food to eat, and so the people started eating other people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram turned the bone around with a bit more care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see, that is the kind of fracture a cannibal makes when he wants open the bone up like a treasure chest so that he can gnaw on the spongy marrow inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram , and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind ran awash with images of a barbarian gnawing on that bone as if it were an ear of corn, teeth strings of fat and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet stomped over and took the bone from Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip. She tested the sharpness of the break with the tip of her finger, and her eyes narrowed at the. She turned the whole thing over in her hands, thumbed a groove with some contemplation, then handed the bone right back. She and Ayram shared a look, and the two in unison turned their backs on the others and marched off to where they could share words unheard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unheard to all except Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are they saying?\u8221\'94 Mandri whispered out the side of his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not quite sure,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93They seem to be speaking in riddles\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment passed and by the Ayram and Elrahet reached some conclusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose we shall find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what are we doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We wait for Moto.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They did not have to wait long. Almost as soon as he spoke the words, Moto came running out of the Tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he arrived, breathless and , he did not wait for any questions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s something you need to see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Greskalun?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I climbed the tower,\u8221\'94 he said in between catching breath. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no Greskalun. That much I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And the Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forget about the Hrks. There\u8217\'92s something you need to see.\u8221\'94 Moto looked over his shoulder and grimaced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram cast a glance aside at Elrahet, and old witch nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pick up the Mazyd. You\u8217\'92re walking up front with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At pace they came to the tower and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gate. Cobbled nature, ancient, leaning just so, Mandri looked up, and from this sharp angle he could see how the tall tower didn\u8217\'92t quite go straight up, the carpet of it\u8217\'92s bricks bulged, twisted, and leaned forward ever so slightly, come crashing down on him. And then there was the arch of the gate, by the gate\u8217\'92s long metal teeth which hung ominously above Ayram\u8217\'92s head. The tunnel itself was as large as the hall of the Hrkhale, big enough to send the sound of Ayram\u8217\'92s spud bar thumping against the dirt rushing back at them. Aside from this metronomic beat, they passed through this dark in silence, casting wary glances at each large doorframe that pocketed the arching brickwork, drifts of sand sagging against each frame. Moto in front, a guide. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stops.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looks back, shadow over his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tunnel emptied out into a broad, pale-brick courtyard as old as the tower itself, dusted and with centuries of wagon of wagon traffic wearing wheel ruts into road, tracking all the way up the gently rising slope that lead into the darkness of the canyoned pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In this courtyard was a haphazard scattering of wooden poles, each thick as a cow\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly and taller than,  sticking out of the ground like an errant volley of arrows. Wrapped around these poles were the bodies of men and women so brutalized that their forms blurred the lines between flesh, blood, and seeping exudate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Desecrations, all of them. Cursed heaps of tortured souls. Such was the defilement that the condemnations leaped into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind as readily as the very sight of the profane sculptures themselves, which themselves were so present that Mandri\u8217\'92s stomach into fits of convulsion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The nearest was but five yards away - a man, who, like many, was robed in the tatters of the honeyed yellow haircloth habit of a devout Solitant. Honeyed yellow, the color of peace and unassumption. A rope of thorns bound the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip and chest tight to the pole, leaving his mangled limbs dangling in the air, and his pulped face, bloated and boneless, was stuck in an open-mouthed, buck-toothed snore as the broken pottery that was his skull seemed kept together by the grace of god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri knew enough to know that the injuries inflicted on this poor man had some special significance. In the darker halls of Hrkan lords there hung portraits of martyrs which made rich use of similar tortures. Mandri never paid them much mind because the common consensus was that to even look upon such sights was dangerous. And here he was, standing before thirty of them - maybe there were fifty - to count would require the use of reason and reason had abandoned this place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only clear statement that Mandri could interpret here, aside from the plain blasphemy of it, lay in the chain wrapped tight around the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, a chain so thin and so tight that Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t actually see it because the skin folded over it. Nonetheless, Mandri knew it was there and he knew what it was; it was meant to bind the treacherous throat of a heretic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was the least of the indignities done to this man. His scalp was crudely shaved, chunked and bleeding, and a ring of hair was left to fashion a gleaming madman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crown. His eyes had been gouged out, and the dark, bloody sockets were filled with ash. His groin had been the target of the most shameful play. Every limb was bent and twisted, and every single one of the poor souls littered about the courtyard had been bent and twisted in precisely the same way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri noticed Obo peeking out from his litter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, careful that the Ayramun did not hear, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess we know what happened to the Greskalun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These are not the Greskalun,\u8221\'94 Obo whispered back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These are pilgrims.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92d they get like this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d very much like to know that myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Ayramun were slow to recover from the wilting shock of the scene. Neither Moto nor Moteah could bear to look for longer than a heartbeat. Purl had sunk to her knees, half a gesture of prayer, half a despondent . Seb, a man who could not stand still, was standing as still as dormouse caught in the eye of a hawk. Elrahet hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even stepped foot in the courtyard. She had fallen behind and was sitting deep inside the dark shadow of the tunnel on an inset doorstep. Only the outline of her knees could be seen. Mandri supposed that her witchy senses had warned her of what lay ahead, and she\u8217\'92d decided against polluting her mind with the sight of it. Only Ayram seemed unperturbed. He stood, back straight as ever, and even still the great pack on his shoulders seemed weightless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said to him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you\u8217\'92d want to see for yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram cast a eye back at his mournful band.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew Greskal hated the Hrks, but didn\u8217\'92t think he had this in him. I\u8217\'92m almost impressed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All the better then,\u8221\'94 said Seb as he did a little hop to settle his pack more comfortably on his shoulders. \u8220\'93We should keep going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri The apparent indifference of the two men drew a murderous look from Moteah. She seemed particularly eager to stick Seb up on one of those poles. It pricked him right in between the eyes, but he shrugged it off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who cares if a few holy Hrks got what was comin\u8217\'92 to \u8216\'91em?\u8221\'94, he said. \u8220\'93Besides, there\u8217\'92s nothin\u8217\'92 we can do for \u8216\'91em cuz we got the rest of Hrk on our backs. We need to be movin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And go where?\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb looked at Moteah like she was the dumbest person in the world. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We go find the Greskalun!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not normal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The thing to do is keep going! The Greskalun have got to be -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are no Greskalun!\u8221\'94 Moteah shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who did all this?\u8221\'94. Seb gestured broadly at the carnage. \u8220\'93Greskal ain\u8217\'92t the only man who hates the Hrks this much, but damn it if he ain\u8217\'92t one of \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greskal would never do anything like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Seb could get another word in, Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worn-out drawl came magnified out of the tunnel behind them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her voice was right at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, tickling the backs of his ears. He, like everyone else, spun around and peered dumbly into the darkness of the tunnel. A rattling sigh emanated out from it, and then the shadow of Elrahet stood up. Where before Mandri had been impressed with her verve, she walked now with a hobbling hitch in her step that was hard to place. Was it her left leg or right? Her hip?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They must have sensed the panic,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More likely all the joints were aching and the lurching was due to whichever one screamed out most. It was as if every minute of the long years of her life were suddenly set upon her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not Greskal\u8217\'92s panic, no, that wouldn\u8217\'92t have been enough. The panic of the age, the panic of nations - that\u8217\'92s what gets their stomachs growling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Into the light. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you sense it, Mazyd? I know you\u8217\'92ve got sharpened senses. Can you sense the panic, or have you been swimming in it so long that you can\u8217\'92t even tell it\u8217\'92s there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can tell when someone\u8217\'92s pissed themselves, if that\u8217\'92s what you\u8217\'92re asking?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93PANIC!\u8221\'94 she screamed. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s panic which sets their stomachs growling. Wakes them right up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talkin\u8217\'92 bout old crone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip curled to reveal her snaggletooth grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Demons,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The word zipped past Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear like a unexpected expense. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not the work of the Greskalun,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93This was demons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was struck into speechlessness, though a sneer still scrunched his grizzled face. To Elrahet, that sneer was as good as saying something. She shot him a side-eyed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shut up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 so with confusion that he could not stop himself from speaking out of turn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re talking about, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 demon}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  demons?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet spat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say the word a few more times and you might summon them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wanted to say that there were, indeed, other kinds. People could be demons, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not an uncommon figure of speech. People could have done this. Or, people infested with demons, that\u8217\'92s not unheard of either. A crowd of the demon possessed could have done this. These explanations satisfied expectations. A }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 demon}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  demons, a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  demons, that is an extraordinary claim which requires extraordinary evidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And what evidence was there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 None save the butchery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked for holes in the courtyard floor where winged demonic terrors might have come bursting up through brick, but there were none. There was no cackling laughter, no claw-marks, no hoof-prints. He wanted to point all of this out and demand that Elrahet recant her story, but what kind of person would he be then, to correct a bloodwitch on the matter of demons? He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be a hypocrite. He\u8217\'92d be rejecting someone else\u8217\'92s expertise. So instead, he stayed silent and waited for someone else to take up the challenge. The longer no one did, the more that it was possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 possible}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tried to shake the thought out of his head, but that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work. It was a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 fact}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that it was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 possible\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 but a fact of possibility is no real fact at all. It was possible that a cloud of demons had poured forth from a fissure and set themselves upon these poor pilgrims. It was also possible that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d flogged each other and tied themselves up\u8230\'85 somehow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t one questioning look amongst the Ayramun. Not one, except for Seb, and he didn\u8217\'92t count.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t no demons,\u8221\'94 Seb muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah absent-minded hostility, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, if you don\u8217\'92t think that demons did it, then that\u8217\'92s proof enough that they did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri hoped that someone more sane would step forward and present some other explanation for what had happened here, but none did. Ayram, still the picture of serious contemplation and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll do what we can for them, then we leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb raised \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There ain\u8217\'92t nothin\u8217\'92 we can do for \u8216\'91em!\u8221\'94he declared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s actually right. First time in his dumb life. There\u8217\'92s nothing we can do for these people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Dead is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, they aren\u8217\'92t dead,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet pointed at the carnage with her walking stick and said loudly, that Seb could not twist her words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They - are - not - dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words flew like spittle from her lip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked with fresh eyes upon the nearby pilgrim, and what he saw was death. Death was not all that familiar a sight for him, but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen enough to know that humans were fragile things, and this man had been brutalized beyond comprehension. Mandri was certain there was no way he could still be alive. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked closer. His wounds were quite peculiar. The rubbed raw skin on the outside of his thigh, for example, was no mere abrasion, there white rings of fresh skin circumscribing a freshly festering, leaking scab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flesh might still be alive, but Mandri had seen a chicken running without a head before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri took a step closer, and as he did, the pligrim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s torso shuddered, his head jerked back and his tongue reached out of his open mouth, trying the slightes sip of a breath through his chained throat and shattered ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MANDRI!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri froze at the mention of his name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her knobby finger was pointing at a thin line of blood sprinkled on the ground. It was fresh blood, but not hers or anyone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. It had been there without Mandri consciously noticing it, blood that should have seeped into the brick and stained it, or otherwise been lapped up by the sun, and yet there it was, ravishing red, and it ran in a circle around the pilgrim\u8217\'92s pole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The toe of his boot was almost touching it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He jumped back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would that have been bad?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet looked him up and down. Unsatisfied }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Would not have been a great loss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that she turned and began to hobble back into the tunnel. When no one made an immediate move to follow, she stopped and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to leave. Now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should do what we can for them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We could kill them. That would put an end to this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Their very Sparks are bound to the poles,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93Death would not grant them freedom.\u8221\'94 She stamped the dry ground with her short staff and said, \u8220\'93No. We must leave at once.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As this was going on, Mandri came to a startling realization: he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the slightest idea about how Elrahet . He hadn\u8217\'92t considered, until this very moment, the he might have given up something that he didn\u8217\'92t want. How could a person know how to bind a Spark to a pole with having done it themselves?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His reverie was broken when Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s giant boots started as he walked into the tunnel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb called out after him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on, we\u8217\'92re goin\u8217\'92 back!?\u8221\'94. He threw his shoulders a fretful fit. \u8220\'93What about the Greskalun?!\u8221\'94 He waved his arms towards the foreboding pass, as if the Greskalun were just right there and you only had to turn back and look to see them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah brushed passed him and said through a curled lip, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are no Greskalun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stood his ground. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that! You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know they ain\u8217\'92t there til we go and have a look. We\u8217\'92ve at least got to try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, there\u8217\'92s demons!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No there ain\u8217\'92t! And even if there was, they can\u8217\'92t be worse than Hrks!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as the words had left his mouth, the sharp sound of the Hrkan horn of war pierced the air from the west.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BWEEEEEEEeeeeOOOOOOOOooooooo}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Though the sound was distant, it nearly knocked Mandri off his feet, and before Ayram could and bark an order, there came, from around a shelf of sandstone, a galloping white horse bearing a Hrkan rider.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only one rider. Hard to tell from the distance, but  He pulled hard on the reins and this sent the horse into neigh. The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye\u8217\'92s were trained on the tunnel. He looked back from whence he came, shouted something, and then he pulled a sword from out of his saddle. He held the blade high, let it catch the light of the sun, and then he dropped it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto, who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been halfway ready to sprint, saw the sign and gaped in disbelief. \u8220\'93They want to bargain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should see what they have to say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip tightens.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had been seen. One hundred men pour out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oooookay, I think we should leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t mean to sound contentious, but I think we should stay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That Riga could have sucked out my spark by now, but it hasn\u8217\'92t. Those soldiers could be halfway to slaughtering you all right now, but they aren\u8217\'92t. There\u8217\'92s not much to read into this; they actually mean to bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The same reason anyone bargains - they don\u8217\'92t think they can simply take what they want without getting hurt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Man on a horse coming out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Horse is skittish, wont go near ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bear a message for the lord Mazyd Obo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speak your piece, and I shall pass it along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribal ferret frowned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I must speak directly with the lord Mazyd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speak with him? I thought you would send your Riga up here and take him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spe}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We found the body of the Mazydariga of Shuls out in the desert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We know that the lord Mazyd Obo has fashioned some means of escaping the throat of the Riga. We know that the\u8217\'92s escaped the leash of his Minder. As such, we wish to come to terms with him, so as to avoid any further loss of life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perturbed. Back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell your lord Mazyd Obo, that behind you marches a battalion of Hrkan soldiers, and at their head is the Mazyd Shurni. Behind me, as you can see, is the Riga of shim, and coming up from the shulranet is the Mazyd Shunt, who shall be with us shortly. As such, you are surrounded, and should it come to blows you shall be overwhelmed. There is no way out excepting the event in which you fellows peaceably disarm yourselves and the lord Mazyd Obo offers himself up into my charge. All lives will all be spared.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram grunted, then turned a wary eye to Elrahet, who promptly joined him in his. The two whispered words, and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t much like those terms,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frowned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not a matter for you to decide. Bring out the lord Mazyd Obo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stroked his beard, and then he looked up at the sky, arced his shoulders, and he took in a breath that could fill a horse\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. When he turned round there was a fire in his eyes which Mandri had not seen since Minting Rock, and when Ayram marched over to where Mandri stood, and reached over his shoulder, Mandri was rooted to the spot simmering just under the surface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram reached over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, pulled Obo out from his litter by the skull, and in one rude, fluid motion, Ayram flung the Mazyd towards the scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The black horse whinnied in alarm as Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s withered, legless form slid pitifully on the dirt towards it, and the scribe\u8217\'92s eyes were agog with disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this?\u8221\'94 the scribe asked as struggled to settle his horse\u8217\'92s fright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stepped towards Obo, casual as a dog , and he pointed to Obo with his blackened iron bar and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t recognize a Mazyd when you see one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And all this was to Mandri. Was that Obo, usually unperturbed by rough treatment, usually amused by seriousness, was himself in a serious concern. It seemed the he was afraid to move or speak, lest he upset the delicate tension that was building.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe himself was not so. His face twisted into wry smile at the sight of Obo naked and afraid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This Mazyd still has a Minder?\u8221\'94 the scribe asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram gestured towards Purl, and the scribes face went alight at the sight of the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s missing hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This simplifies things\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 the old man mused. The wry smile that spread out on his lips suggested it simplified things in his favor. He rocked back in his saddle, and as he did, smugly, Mandri was struck with a sudden burst of what can only be called inspiration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wanted to paint the scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This urge was as sudden and as uncompromising as the fussiest hunger. Inspiration sometimes imposes that , though Mandri hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t felt the urge in years so he wasn\u8217\'92t sure that this was the exactly same thing as inspiration, whatever ancient philosopher had coined the term might be able to say, but as Mandri saw it, inspiration was never as vivid as this. It had never planted him so firmly in the present as now, for he was filled completely with the sudden appreciation for how the world had conspired to bring that scribe, Ayram, and Mazyd Obo together, and how he was there too, just the man to capture the scene, just so happened to be at an angle which gave the three figures a pyramidal compositional frame; the scribe oh his horse, and Ayram, and Obo on the ground bridging the gap between them, and underneath these dry facts was a girding of symbolism - only it wasn\u8217\'92t symbolism at all, because symbolism is what artists do when they\u8217\'92ve got nothing interesting to say, but this composition here was a living, breathing arrangement, put together by a divine hand, so it could hardly be said to be symbolism. Symbolism is always a kind of fantasy, but this scene here was a message.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe, this Hrkan man, did not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 represent }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hrkan power sitting up on its high horse, he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that power, and Ayram, standing tall and proud, was not a symbol of the outland peoples he was their paragon, and in between them was Mazyd Obo, a creature constructed for the sole purpose of setting the affairs of men in order, and look where he was, destitute in the dirt, scarred and cowering and naked as the two men looked on with satisfied, if challenging, glares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he Mandri had only had the materials, he would have dropped everything and started sketching.  The thing about these moments is that if they aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sketched as you see them,  Mandri knew if he didn\u8217\'92t sketch it he would not remember. these things never persist in the mind. As soon as attention breaks the is lost. One night\u8217\'92s sleep and it\u8217\'92s lost forever. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He , and seemed to relish in the sight of Obo being brought so low, but his amusement was cut short when his horse  agitation and began to clip-clop it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s agitation, bouncing the scribe uncomfortably in his saddle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Settled down you crooked beast!\u8221\'94 the old man shouted. He gave his horse a foul kick in the ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feared I\u8217\'92d have to treat with a Mazyd, but here you are! That is a treat!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92ll find that I drive a harder bargain than any Mazyd ever could.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wry smile spread thinly scribe, and the man cast a suggestive glance at the army behind him. He leaned forward in his saddle, made a joke of assessing Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s motley crew, and then he said to Ayram, in apparent disbelief, \u8220\'93You have complaints my terms?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe chuckled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever complaints you may have can be assuaged. We come only for the lord Mazyd, and we will give you a fair offer. Now, you and your outland clan have broken the law, and so Nature dictates that you should be tromped under by a Hrkan boot, but Prudence dictates that this matter should be resolved cleanly, quickly, and peaceably. Now, here is what is going to happen if you \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram nodded, as if . He looked up at the sky as if he were contemplating. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One thing my father taught me, is that it is not possible to resolve a conflict peaceably if both sides do not truly understand eachother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not the time for your haggling arts. Speak what you want plainly and if it is reasonable it is yours. The sparing of your lives is already a monumental gift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it is important that you understand the nature of my complaint with your terms. It\u8217\'92s not a simple as you have something that I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram marches up. Smacks the guys horse in the head and it crumples to the ground. Guy scambles to get away pitifully, but Ayram leapt upon him as fast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, what seems my complaint to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beast, am I? For killing your horse? I\u8217\'92ve seen you break the legs of a thousand of my horses just to rid a road of their encumbrance. And the death of this single horse offends you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram turned to his band of outland clay. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems I have not made my complaint clear enough to this man! It\u8217\'92s time you understand how it feels to be outland clay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forthwith he brought the point of his spud bar down with the speed of a blur and plunged it into the back of the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, pinning it to the ground. The bar was so thick and so little of the , that in the schock of the moment, he , and ripped the wide open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He let loose a A blood curdling scream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94 Ayram yelled, his voice boomed through the tunnel. \u8220\'93Couldn\u8217\'92t have put it better myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe screamed, into garbled words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Harber of the Shon, I curse you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! We\u8217\'92ve come to an understanding!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clutching his arm. Through the pain, Mandri saw in those ex, a realization dawn that he might be about to die. Confronted with the prospect of his own death sharpens him. Eyes once bright and, now red and annoyed, and already his skin looked sallow. His breath, out of control, channeled into a simmering anger.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Issue: need some agency on Obo. Need a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91dont say I didn\u8217\'92t do anything for you moment\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Explanation for being in the tunnel. IF they are inside the tunnel, maybe they}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram led them up into the mountain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow. He paused before passing into the Mandri knew they were in the pass proper when they passed into a split in the rock that was barely wider than the width of his shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a squeezing, striated canyon, and in places the rock overhead hand been scuplted by the ages into and flanges. Here and there the sun could be seen, peeking through the split overhead, though its light never reached the sandy floor directly, instead it bounced around and absorbed the redness of the sandstone and set the rolling earth aglow. Now and then the canyon walls belled out and Mandri could see the slopes of the tallest plateaus stretching up beyond vision, but most of these hours were spent with naught but a narrow, sinuous stripe of blue sky above, squeezed by the red shadow of the stone. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Around the bend, the canyon emptied out into a wider, sun-drenched valley, though this stretch was almost too short to be called a valley. Both sides of the canyon here had collapsed, and resultant pile of rock had been cleared out, resulting in a clean, sandy trail splitting two steep slopes of precariously balanced rubble.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind was made up to defer towards Elrahet. Still, Moteah and Seb bickered, and while they were arguing, a whispered came from Obo into Mandri\u8217\'92s ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop walking,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stopped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still whispering, Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look up. There on the slope to your left, do you see anything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked at the southern slope and saw nothing but brittle stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whisper came again, \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s two clefts, there\u8217\'92s a creature hiding up there on the first one, behind a boulder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The southern slope, while , was stratified into three layers separated by two flat clefts of mostly unbroken sandstone. The first cleft was not that high up, maybe twenty feet or so, and on it stood many boulders, though Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s took notice of a flattish triangular rock that stood up and swayed back like a shark\u8217\'92s-tooth. Poking out from behind that rock, like a weed, was a goat\u8217\'92s horn. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t take it to be a horn at first, because there was only one and it curved downwards instead of up. He thought it was a withered branch of a some out-of-sight stump, but then the thing moved, floating into view was a dark, savage face, vaguely human in appearance, with a deep-set, shadowed brow and sunken cheeks, a face which protruded out more than faces usually do, which combined with a flat nose, gave the impression of a snout.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were hidden in the shadow of it\u8217\'92s brow, but Mandri could feel its gaze settle on him, and the thing snarled when it realized he was looking right back at it. Its yellow teeth flashed, and Mandri shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stumbled backwards and pointed up at creature as it ducked back behind its rock. Mandri looked around to see if anyone else had noticed it, but everyone was looking at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Up there!\u8221\'94 He shouted, \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a creature!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone looked up at the southern slopes, but they saw nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What you on about?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shuffled backwards to try and find a sight-line that might reveal around that shark\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92stooth boulder, but try as he might, he could see nothing. Whatever had been there was gone. What remained was the dismissive looks of Seb and Moteah, and the }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was a creature there, just now,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s lizards all over,\u8221\'94 Seb said dismissively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t a lizard. It was a\u8230\'85 a\u8230\'85\u8221\'94. Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t finish the sentence because he didn\u8217\'92t know what it was that he\u8217\'92d seen. He could paint it\u8217\'92s spitting image if asked, but a head and a horn does not make. It wasn\u8217\'92t human, that much he knew, but it wasn\u8217\'92t anything else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram pushed his way back through through group, and he leered down at Mandrameen as he gave his beard a serious tug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was it you saw?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t ask what you thought you saw, what did you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 see}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri floundered around for a word that could. The pressure of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s glare pushed out a . \u8220\'93I saw a\u8230\'85 a face\u8230\'85 a face, a beast\u8217\'92s face with a horn sticking out like this\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri traced the shape of a horn growing out of his forehead, sticking out at an odd angle and curling slightly down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram gave his beard a four-fingered flourish as he gazed up at the rocky slope. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo saw it too,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93Tell them, Obo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s questing eye glanced back down at Mandri}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Obo had by now fully retreated back into his litter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what it was. It had a distinctive smell. Unfamiliar. A rare breed of goat, perhaps.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was no goat,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93It was a human face.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet walked over to . This was the closest Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever been to this old woman. THere\u8217\'92s closes , the smell of a person, here . The eyes, half-clouded, wondered if she could even see.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}