{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  SET UP}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 = we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re expecting to see the Greskalun at the tower.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - what???}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - They\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re kalemites.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - point out femur. They\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re cannibals. Only brand of creature that would do such a thing would be a kalemite. Rest of it fits when you think about it. Imperials out on random patrol in the sandslants? Stationed here??? No flags, no shrine to sol, no sentries, etc.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Put a horses head in the river.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Pull it up, and it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s covered in eels.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hog-backed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beware of the man who has too many interesting opininos. Hes spent to much time figuring out how to have interesting opininos. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When he smiles and laughs, the wrinkles go all the way up the side of his head.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beard, thin lips, just scraggly hair set on teeth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two sisters can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t agree on how to divide a mansion. Sherriff steps in demolishes it, gives one stone to one sister, one to the next.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I hope you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re enjoying your last bit of freedom, mazyd.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cannibal = different peoples - tough and stringy. Gristle. Inedible.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Use oyster shells to dip into whatever you fancy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The reason the world is full of shitheads is because its impossible to do anything that doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t trample on someone else\u8217\'92s desires. So its either do nothing, or be a shithead.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \~can never fail, he can only be failed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 In the storm chapter, move the conversation about the Shiski and the traveler and the map shit to it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Write a book on the history of christianity and violence}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How do people shameless change their view?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 It's simple. If you are not at all thoughtful in any way, you aren't holding yourself responsible for consistency on any views. You can flip back and forth like a moron and act like everyone else is the asshole for taking the bullshit you say seriously }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You look like someone just walked over your grave.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bladder full of hot air.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pissin hot air.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gladiator - mandri is forced into playing a role - he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s going to be champion - doesn\u8217\'92t matter that he can\u8217\'92t fight, its fixed - situation where opponent is like, hurry up and kill me. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The mechanics of emotional investment. Sport is Always tied up in politics. You want people to come, they\u8217\'92ve got to feel like *they* are under attack, and you are their defender. Because the truth is that you don\u8217\'92t have the first fucking thing to do with them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Femur split down the middle - \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93THats a human femur. Look at the fracture down the middle. That\u8217\'92s a very unusual fracture. I\u8217\'92ve seen material like this in late glacial sites. Down in cheddar not far from here, but only in assemblages where we know people have been eating eachother. This is the kind of fracture you would get if you wanted to split that bone open to extract the marrow from the middle.\u8221\'94 Breaking a bone along its length isn\u8217\'92t easy. Not likely to happen accidentally.  Split by hammering a flint shard. Marrow like jelly.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 - feasting around a fire.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 - Ayram and others are led in as prisoners}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re no doubt the leader}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 - I know you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re not imperials.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 - I know he\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s not a seilsi.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 - and why is that?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 - Because there\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s a real seilsi here, and he says you\u8217\'92re not one of them.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 - pull out Mazyd}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - treat mazyd as holy grail. Connection with mind}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - when he realizes its a separate chain of being, he becomes antagonistic.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 They stumble upon a femur. THats a human femur. Look at the fracture down the middle. That\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s a very unusual fracture. I\u8217\'92ve seen material like this in late glacial sites. Down in cheddar not far from here, but only in assemblages where we know people have been eating eachother. This is the kind of fracture you would get if you wanted to split that bone open to extract the marrow from the middle.\u8221\'94 Breaking a bone along its length isn\u8217\'92t easy. Not likely to happen accidentally.  Split by hammering a flint shard. Marrow like jelly.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps, in the future, it is revealed that the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Hrks break the daylight truce of the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The "I am a violent animal" and "don't poke the violent animal!!" talk always cracks me up because you know what happens when a violent animal shows up in a populated place? It gets killed. Not really a flattering metaphor. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pining}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Oof, your glare has got a strong Spark. I wonder what it is you do for a living.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I move men who don\u8217\'92t want to be moved.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Nodding, really grokking it, missing the point of the threat. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, you must be a wrestler! Is that what you are? You\u8217\'92re an itinerant wrestler, and this your traveling troupe. You\u8217\'92ve certainly got the size for it. I hear there are big purses in Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Never let the sun set on an unlanced boil. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Boltzman brain - fluctuated into existence from the ether.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 People normally take to the pass from the south. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe Purl could try\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s going to mess everything up\u8221\'94 is weak for Obo.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wipe of red blood. Comes off red.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Friction between kalemites and soleans over art. Soleans believe it is sacreligious to even frame a picture. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - it is an embrace of the individual??}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 -If you really want to know someone, you\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to consume their art.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram kill - pumping action, with each convulsion, blood poured from the orifices of the kalemites.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Camel - turtle-like creature - very rare - }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Klemites - hope we dont run into the death cult kind - the ones who want to unite humanity by killing them all. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 All male. See women as evil structures. Things that give birth will trap the divine spark.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 We humans, our purpose, is to be something of a literary foil set against the perfection of Solraheen.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 This path towards enlightenment can only be taken once. Savor it. No feeling you have will be as sweet as  this. Bittersweet - the best, most powerful, ineffible moments.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 I wish I could take this journey again. Not know how it all works. Struggle. Nothing is a struggle when you see the path laid out before you. I could march right into the gates of hell and not feel so much as a goosebump.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Potentially have Seb chew on a God\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s eye burgeon in the ambush to give it a surreal feeling.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0    much less a Solitant priest whose entire life was spent chasing the high of righteousness.}}