{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not just the pain. A thing to know about me, Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I hate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and I use that word with all possible venom\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I hate people, and these Ayramun, they\u8217\'92re full-bodied }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 people}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri spat the word out his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You hate people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you bear a specific grievance, or is this a more temperamental sentiment?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mainly I think it\u8217\'92s all the selfishness. People are selfish. It\u8217\'92s exhausting.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You aren\u8217\'92t selfish?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no, I am. I am people. I hate myself probably as much as I hate Moto or any of these Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As long as you\u8217\'92re fair about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But also, remember where you are. Look at this place. Ignore the rock, that\u8217\'92s an outlier. Look at the rest of the empty sand. There\u8217\'92s hardly any food and even less water. It\u8217\'92s only natural that a creature should be looking out for itself, human or otherwise. You don\u8217\'92t hate lizards, do you? Birds? Dogs? Cattle?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri waved Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s away with limp-wristed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Survival has nothing to do with it,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the same in any city. People in Jeket aren\u8217\'92t living hand-to-mouth, but they\u8217\'92re still, you know, always trying to make things better for themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In principle, no. In practice, very much so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chewing on the aftertaste.}}