{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nigel cawthorne}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Barley was mixed with urine then fed to a dog. This was supposed to transfer the chidren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s affliction to the unfortunate animal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What torments you? Brought no answer. The suspects, prehaps predictably, were those who lived on the fringes of society - a pipe smoking beggar named sarah good, the thrice-married cripple sarah osborne, martha corey who had given birth to an illegitimate mixed-race son and tituba herself}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On the scaffold, burroughs recited the lord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s prayer so flawlessly that some of the onlookers began to believe he was innocent, as an inability to recite the prayer was considered a sure sign of a withc. The local witch-hunter cotton mathers warned them that the devil was all the more dangerous when he appeared as an agel of light.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Feign possession by vomiting rags, thread, straw, and crooked pins. Passing black urine. Tuck a piece of cotton saturated with black ink under the foresjin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Devils marks - birthmarks in shahpes of animals. Did not blleed when pricked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Told this informant and one maser searne, there present}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Long-legged greyhound with a head like an ox}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once he found a victim, he would have them locked into a isolated prison cell,stripped naked, beaten, starved and kept from sleep. Although torture was illegal, pricking to try and discover devli\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s marks was allowed. Hopkins and his assistants turend this into excruciatingly painful ordeal by the use of evil-looking pins, needles, and bodkins. Not above using trickery to prove guilt, hopkins sometime used a knife with a  retractable  blade, so a mark would not bleed when pricked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The golden ass - 2nd century classic by Lucius Apuleius - tells how the women of thessaly would assume various animal forms and go about gnawing off bits of dead men\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s faces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Minucius Felix christian apologist - worshiped the head of a donkey, reverence the genitals of the presiding priest and adore them as thoug hthey were their fathe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. Initiation involving hte stabbing to death of a child wrapped in dough with \u8217\'92invisible blows\u8217\'92, after which they hungrily drank the child\u8217\'92s blood and compete with one ahother as they divide his limbs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In 177, the landowners oflyons decided to save the money needed to hire gladiators for the games by sacrificing Christians in the arena instead. After they had been stoned by a mob, the christians were thrown in prison and their slaves were tortured until they confessed that their masters killed and ate children and indulged in promiscuous and incestuous orgies. Such accusations, however, were regularly made about many other groups on the periphery of scoiety, such as jews.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Montanism - the belief that the heavenly jerusalem was about to descend from the sky in Phrygia, Asia Minor - 156.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maniac comes from manicheans \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  3rd century Mani. Gnostic cristianity. They were forbidden to kill any animal or plant for food and, if possible, they should not even break a single twing. Arrested in 276, Mani was crucified and his corpse flayed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ctesiphon"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Ctesiphon}}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mani's teaching was intended to "combine",}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mani_(prophet)#cite_note-:0-35"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 34]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~succeed, and surpass the teachings of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christianity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Christianity}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zoroastrianism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Zoroastrianism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buddhism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Buddhism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marcionism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Marcionism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mani_(prophet)#cite_note-:0-35"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 34]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hellenistic_Judaism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Hellenistic}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rabbinic_Judaism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Rabbinic Judaism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gnosticism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Gnostic movements}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Babylonian_religion"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Babylonian}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_Mesopotamian_religion"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 other Mesopotamian religions}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mani_(prophet)#cite_note-36"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 35]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greco-Roman_mysteries"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 mystery cults}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mani_(prophet)#cite_note-:1-37"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 36]}{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}{\f0\fs24\b0\super 13]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~It is based on a rigid\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dualistic_cosmology"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 dualism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Good_and_evil"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 good and evil}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , locked in eternal struggle, which was a "familiar mytholog[ical]" element of the time in many spiritual traditions that Mani deliberately borrowed.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Above and beyond this, they blasphemously renounce that faith which they received by the sacament of baptism and, at the instigation of the enemy of the human race they do not shrink from committing and perpetrating the foulest abominations and excesses to teh peril fo their souls, whereby they offend the divine majesty and are a cause of scandal and dangerous example to many others.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The aforesaid inquisitors be empowered to proceed to the correction, imprisonment and punishment of any persons for the said abominations and enormities, without let or hindrance, in every way as if the provinces\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 yea, even as a the persons and their crims in this kind were named and specificlly designated in our letters.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Pope innocent VIII, for the last months of his life, he was kept alive by sucking milk from a woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breast and tried to rejuvenate himself with blood transfusions, resulting in the death of three boys.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Hexenhammer.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This book is shit so I stopped reading.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain }