{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Zosan prince. A flawless swordsman. Was raised on patriotic values, the idea of people of different races and kinds living together and harmony. Became disenchanted with his own government (which is a puppet state of Hrk). }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Look at you. Covered in coal. Hate culture. People who aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t creative enough to make themselves so they take someone else\u8217\'92s idea of a person and wear it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Can I ask why you left? Asking moto, former soldier}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto believed in liberalism. Multiculturalism. Peace. But willingness of people to fight for that right against bullies. Saw the slaughter of Virineez (Ukraine). The Hrkans were literally funding both sides. Virineez got slaughtered. They encouraged them to stand up for themselves, then sat back. He still believes in it, but Hrk has no principle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Coupled with}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jovan divjak}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Divjak, as an ethnic Serb, was made a general in order to present a multiethnic character of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He himself commented on the issue by saying that he felt like a "flower arrangement" and said that "of course, someone has to be a flower arrangement too". He expressed that it was shameful if his service to the army were only temporary. Indeed, he and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stjepan_%C5%A0iber"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stjepan \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u352\'8Aiber}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(as a Croat) were the only non-Bosniaks in the Chief of Staff. Both of them were offered retirement in March 1996 by the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chairman_of_the_Presidency_of_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alija_Izetbegovi%C4%87"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alija Izetbegovi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u263\'63}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . At the beginning of the war, out of 18 percent of Croats and 12 percent of Serbs, only one percent of both remained in the ranks of the Bosnian army. Divjak complained about that to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rasim_Deli%C4%87"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rasim Deli\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u263\'63}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , then a Chief of Staff, as well as Izetbegovi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u263\'63, but it was explained that it was because "Bosniak soldiers didn't trust the Serb commanders." Divjak was later excluded by Deli\u263\'63 from the decision making process in the Army. The Bosniaks in the Army allegedly had no confidence in Serb commanders according to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oslobo%C4%91enje"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Oslobo\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u273\'64enje}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jovan_Divjak#cite_note-FOOTNOTEEx-Yupress2_August_1996-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not a religious guy. The thing that holds me together is people who fight against evil. That much I believe in. Evil. I don\u8217\'92t believe in god, I believe in evil, and I want to destroy it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Arc: Disillusioned to belief. Is killed for it.}}