{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Point of chapter:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah and Moto}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah - cruelty of the mazydai first hand when she was young.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is like, seems like an alright guy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conversation about the ambush - mandri is like, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a tricksy dude. He can hear things hes shouldn\u8217\'92t be able to . He\u8217\'92s probably awake right now, listening to us. I wasn\u8217\'92t there, but, I just don\u8217\'92t see how. It\u8217\'92s like he can see through rocks. I mean, remember back in that pit cave and he was like, \u8220\'93they\u8217\'92re coming\u8221\'94, and then the scout whistled?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do you hate about yourself?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just sakes her head at the stupid question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gonna be thinking about that one for a while, huh?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen could not recall a single day, from sunrise to sunset, where he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t suffered from some shade of misery. He\u8217\'92d either be tired, or hungry, or afflicted with the ephemeral afflictions associated with stress, like the strange sensation of feeling out of breath when he could breathe perfectly fine - this tension in the middle of his chest, like he\u8217\'92d just run a hundred miles even though he\u8217\'92d been sitting on a feathered couch staring at the sun\u8217\'92s shadow as it crept up the wall. All that made it hard to have good, solid day, through and through.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri once made the mistake of expressing this sentiment out loud, and he was told, quite brusquely, that he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember happy days because he simply didn\u8217\'92t pay attention when he was in them. Essentially, the argument was that his life violated the aesthetic principle of contrast. To see Good, to appreciate it for what it is, it\u8217\'92s got to be put next to Bad. White is only bright when it\u8217\'92s set against dark. When one is living a life of relative luxury, as Mandri did, sheltered from the truly Bad, well of course he\u8217\'92s not going to be able to see the Good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did not agree. Maybe the old crone was right, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t agree. He believed, instead, that what really made his life terrible was the pernicious idea that everything can always be better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, that idea, in itself, did not make his life terrible. Most people who recognize the truth of such a conceit don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let it get in the way of a good day. These people are, Mandri believed, the truly well-adjusted people. Instead of despising them, he envied them. He envied their parents. No doubt as children they had parents who played impressed at gifts they were given, mothers and fathers who would look at a mud sculpture wrought by tiny sausage fingers, and ignore the fact that it looked like the cast of an intestinal tract. They\u8217\'92d say, \u8220\'93What a lovely gift, thank you so much for making that for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say it, because it sounded too conceited, but he honestly believed that he couldn\u8217\'92t be happy because his mother didn\u8217\'92t play dumb enough as he aged from four to six. Those are critical years. Where else but a mother is a child supposed to go for acceptance? Mandri would draw a picture and his mother would shrug, and so of course he\u8217\'92d hate it too. And what is a drawing but an ambitious fling of self expression? His drawings weren\u8217\'92t good enough, ans so he wasn\u8217\'92t good enough, at least not until he\u8217\'92d reached the age of eight. By that point, \u8216\'91Everything can always be better\u8217\'92 went from being a part of life\u8217\'92s milieu to an ingrained aspect of his psyche. This might have helped him become an accomplished painter, but it bled over into everything else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could find a flaw with anyone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These flaws weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t beauty marks, blemishes, flaws that when juxtaposed against perfection enhance it, they were structural flaws, dirty, frustrating, stupid flaws that made people unredeemable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The best illustration of that point lied in the quest for physical beauty. Now, Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shallow, for him, a flaw was a flaw of character, but physical beauty provides an apt metaphor for how Mandri felt about human beings. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sit and stare at someone for long enough, as a portrait artist must do, and the features of the face start to look funny. It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter how attractive the person is, how much woodnut ash they\u8217\'92ve brushed into their eyebrows to fix them, how much bug blood they\u8217\'92ve used to rouge their lips to sell the appearance of health, how much they\u8217\'92ve brushed away the imperfections in their skin with the, when it came down to it, what the sitter was, was a gangly bag of supple flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ears. Ears are just ridiculous. What kind of shape is an ear? It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like when Solraheen was creating people, he took a wad of clay, crumpled it up and then slapped onto the side of the head, expecting to come back to it later and just never did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The teeth, the mouth, the gums, these are truly frightening things. Mandri had to paint a young beauty once and she insisted on smiling. The longer he looked, the more powerful was the feeling that she had become a ravenous beast, and at any moment she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d leap from her chair and start yapping for his flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The breath. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not quite part of one\u8217\'92s physical appearance, but oh, the breath! If there was ever a sign of the pride and shit hiding inside of a person, it is stench of breath. Cover it up with a swig of mango juice, that doesn\u8217\'92t last long. Little wonder that in Jeket there\u8217\'92s a whole market square dedicated to tinctures and chews that are supposed to suppress the smell of the curdled things hiding in between the teeth, or pasting the tongue, or tucked into tonsil folds. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But ignore all that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get down to the basics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Study the structure of the face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is not one person alive who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face is perfectly symmetrical. There is always, always, some feature of the face which started growing in the wrong direction as a child and just kept going. Or maybe it didn\u8217\'92t grow fast enough to keep up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Titled noses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slanted jaws.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most common is uneven eyes, or uneven brows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sometimes the whole face seems to have slid around to one side, and so you see more of one cheek than the other. Or one side of the face was pinched, perhaps as it came out the womb, and now it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stuck that way forever, leaving the mentioned in a state of permanent concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 None of this is worth judging people for. Again, for Mandri this was only an illustration of the fact that if you look long enough at a person, inevitably you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll find something that needs fixing, and while Mandri could fix a face on the canvas, there\u8217\'92s no fixing a person\u8217\'92s inner world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Everything can always be better\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even out there in the desert, a place famous for its ability to shock a person into acceptance of the way things are, Mandri was still finding flaws in people. Well, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91finding\u8217\'92 is too strong a word, because it didn\u8217\'92t take any effort. The absurdity, the strangeness, the ignorance, the stubbornness - the humanity of the Ayramun was on full display.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of them would be easy to hate if Mandri really wanted to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, all of them except one: Moteah. But that was only because Mandri hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t spent enough time with her. He was sure that if he got to know her, if he got a whiff of her breath, so to speak, then that would be that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, she had no obvious tells.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like when Ayram announced the decision to leave and she was dumped in that clearing by everyone else to deal with the indignity of handling Mandri and the Mazyd, what did she do?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t complain. She got to work. And this wasn\u8217\'92t because she\u8217\'92d been cowed into it, she did it because it needed to be done. Like a mother cleaning up after children. She knew, by the way she comported, that the effort put in to getting someone like Moto to help would be greater than just doing it herself in the first place. To Mandri that was admirable. It was a sign that she knew what people were, but she soldiered on all the same. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Admittedly, her beauty had a certain numbing effect on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s judgment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri found himself sitting there in the sand, hands idle, studying Moteah as she packed up a sack of unimportant things. She fit the standard rule of thumb for beauty that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s taught to artists at a young age: don\u8217\'92t make too many marks. People start to look ugly if you have to make too many marks to bring out the features. The fewer marks you make, the better. If Mandri were to paint Moteah with as few marks as possible, he wouldn\u8217\'92t be lying all that much. Big, bright brown eyes flecked with gold, dark skin, full lips, and that was it. Her nose was hardly there. Her ears? Wrapped tight in a shawl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you going to carry?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It took Mandri a second to realize that she was talking to him. Of course she was, there was no one else around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, what do you want me to carry?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s either this,\u8221\'94 Moteah lifted a pack to demonstrate it\u8217\'92s weight. \u8220\'93Or you carry the Mazyd on that.\u8221\'94 She pointed to a wooden, L-shaped frame fitted with straps. It was the kind of thing that morning laborers used to carry sacks of grain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry whatever you don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Carry the Mazyd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 and then he stood up, and walked over to where Obo was resting. Mandri gave Obo a nudge with his foot, but Obo didn\u8217\'92t stir. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s in pretty bad shape,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93You think he\u8217\'92s going to make it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if you are gonna to make it.\u8221\'94 Moteah said as she looked Mandri up and down, clearly unimpressed with his fitness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why wouldn\u8217\'92t I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know how far it is to the Ullr Basin?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a hundred miles.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what, ten days?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have no idea what you\u8217\'92re in for. Come on, pick him up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did as ordered. Obo was much lighter than he anticipated, even without his legs, and he fit nicely on the wood frame backpack. Mandri tightened a belt just under Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms, and then he picked the whole thing up threaded his own arms through the straps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The frame was the perfect size for his back, and it had a lower strip to tighten it around his hips, and that kept Mazydobo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weight resting kindly on top of them. Couldn\u8217\'92t be more than forty pounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thought he\u8217\'92d be heavier.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you can carry more...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no. No. It\u8217\'92s more than heavy enough...Let\u8217\'92s he ad out, shall we?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah flicked her brows in, then saddled herself with her own giant pack of food and water and inclement things, and they followed the footprints of the other Ayramun as they led out of the rubble of Minting Rock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 who were already marching off into the desert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked to see if they were following one of those old Charnel Roads that Moto had talked about, but if it was there he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see it. No gentle hump in the earth stretching off into the horizon. It was flat, and flat, and flat, and in the hazy distance, .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should be wearing Kell oil,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. She pointed up at the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s some tied to my pack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah stopped walking to let Mandri fish skin the of kell oil from her pack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coolness as the air hits the moisture on his skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93you don\u8217\'92t strike me as a\u8230\'85 how should I put this\u8230\'85 You don\u8217\'92t strike me as someone who belongs out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And why is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For starters, you have all your teeth. And the way you talk, the way you act, the way you look... you just don\u8217\'92t seem like a person who would thrive out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put it back if you\u8217\'92re done with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, and then he tied the skin of Kell oil back to Moteah\u8217\'92s pack. Once done, Moteah started walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Also, you should eat something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have anything to eat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here,\u8221\'94 Moteah fished into her and pulled out a wafer of hard spekky bread; a .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri took it from her chased after her. Could feel Mazydobo bobbing behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean what\u8217\'92s your story, you and Moto? Neither of you seem like you belong out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I do. Look at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah looks him up and down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A little pang of hurt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m killed. I was killed. I was tossed out into the desert like trash. That\u8217\'92s what belongs out here, people who don\u8217\'92t have much use. I mean, I can barely walk.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His leg felt fine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody belongs in the desert,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93Also, you have it backwards. You can\u8217\'92t be out in the desert unless you are useful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, the latter point is taken. But how can you say nobody belongs in the desert? What about the outland tribes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They stick to oases and the wells they carve out of the ground, not the desert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s basically the desert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, it is not. No one wants to be out here, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about the Jeketian Fathers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They wanted to live in the desert. And people still live like them, they go and seek out caves, and, I don\u8217\'92t know, try to cleanse the Spark or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That not what the Jeketian Fathers did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See, the fact that you even know that proves that you\u8217\'92ve had some education. And educated people don\u8217\'92t belong out in the desert. They belong in cities, where there\u8217\'92s things to learn and teach. This desert is a place for people like me, people like the Fathers, people like outland tribes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again, no outland tribe wants to live in the desert. They\u8217\'92d rather live next to the coast or a river, or in the highlands with the rain. It was the same for the Jeketian Fathers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why did they live in the desert?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because they were pushed there. Their sermons didn\u8217\'92t line up with the Hrkan world, so this wilderness was the only place they were allowed to live.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, then that still fits with my general point; if they\u8217\'92re outcasts, then they belong to the desert. You, however, I refuse to believe that you\u8217\'92re an outcast. I bet you could wed a Hrkan prince.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The look she gave him. Oooh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not saying you should! I\u8217\'92m just saying, you know\u8230\'85 Look, I know the standards for the kind of people they accept, and you\u8217\'92d fit right in. But the desert, it\u8217\'92s a place for people who don\u8217\'92t have a place. It\u8217\'92s the undesirables, it\u8217\'92s the bandits, the barbarians, and then the saintly folk, like the Fathers. People not fit for the horde.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know anything about the desert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s there to know? It\u8217\'92s hot. There\u8217\'92s sand. And clay. No water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah reaches down and tosses him a bulbous root.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Squeeze it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Squeezes it and water comes out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, fair enough. But this doesn\u8217\'92t change the fact that you don\u8217\'92t belong out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one belongs out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you from?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ganniba.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nowhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that supposed to be some kind of Zosan pun?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ganniba doesn\u8217\'92t exist anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solemn moment. Assumptions starting to break down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They burned your village to the ground?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They didn\u8217\'92t need to. First, they diverted our river. Then our fields dried up, and that was the end Ganniba.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is like, well shit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m sorry to hear that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah grunts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about your people, though? Couldn\u8217\'92t you move elsewhere, to some other river?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Laughs like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d said the most ridiculous thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s telling that you didn\u8217\'92t ask, \u8216\'91Why didn\u8217\'92t you fight back?\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, how could you? This is the Hrks we\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t know anything about the desert, don\u8217\'92t know anything about the Hrks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93While I haven\u8217\'92t lived in the desert, I have lived in Jeket. I know all about the Hrks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yet you don\u8217\'92t seem to understand that if the Hrks want you dead, then you have no other option but to fight back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could run away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We did. We fled to a river bend in the Subli. The Subli isn\u8217\'92t fit for habitation. The bed is dried up more often than not. Nobody lived there. It wasn\u8217\'92t sustainable. The Hrks showed up anyway and said we weren\u8217\'92t allowed to be there. They said the only place we were permitted to live was within the confines of the Harka delta. Since you\u8217\'92re so well versed in Hrkan affairs, I\u8217\'92m sure you know that means slavery. We said no. Then the Hrks surrounded us and ordered us to fight. \u8216\'91Submit, or fight!\u8217\'92, those were our options. We said we didn\u8217\'92t have weapons, and they gave us weapons. They actually waited four days for a courier to run to the nearest outpost and fetch a wagon of weapons. When it came to it, our men had barely eaten in a week. We weren\u8217\'92t outnumbered if our mothers fought, so they did. Only four of us survived. Moto and I survived, but that was the end of my father\u8217\'92s tribe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sad story. She was a princess, makes sense. Chosen for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85 That\u8217\'92s, uh\u8230\'85 You seem remarkably well composed, considering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve learned to deal with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I still think you could make it in a Hrkan city. I know you hate Hrks, but that hasn\u8217\'92t stopped tribes from settling down in places like Meskahinne, or even Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrk is evil. There is no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I don\u8217\'92t know about that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not going to like what I have to say here, so I feel like I shouldn\u8217\'92t say it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is there that you could possibly say? I just told you that the Hrks slaughtered my people, and you don\u8217\'92t think they\u8217\'92re evil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that I think they\u8217\'92re good, it\u8217\'92s just that I don\u8217\'92t think that Hrk is worse than anyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pshaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone looks out for themselves, more or less. Everyone is taking advantage of someone else, whether they know it or not. The only difference is that the Hrks have a lot more power, so it\u8217\'92s all scaled up. So where like, some outland tribe might only be taking the spit out of a few people, Hrks are doing it to thousands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hundreds of thousands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The numbers don\u8217\'92t matter. If the roles were swapped, if the people of the outland tribes had Hrk\u8217\'92s kind of power, they\u8217\'92d be doing the same godsdamned things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dismissive laugh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve spent too much time in Jeket with all the snakes and spiders.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe what you what. I\u8217\'92ve met enough people to know that we\u8217\'92re all more or less the same. If you had the reins of a nation as big as Hrk, you\u8217\'92d be bullying everyone else into doing what you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is the exact opposite of what I would do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You say that, but I\u8217\'92ve seen it play out already. There\u8217\'92s this one outland tribe, the Sulay, they got absorbed into Meskahinne.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean they were conquered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absorbed, conquered, its the all the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absorbed implies that half of them weren\u8217\'92t murdered first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Whatever. They were conquered, and then they started farming in the hole at Meskahinne. Soon, they settled in, became full, upright citizens of Hrk, and guess what they did when they got into politics? I kid you not, I watched a Sulay man argue, well, not argue, it was more like he was spitting rage, claiming as he did that there was an untouched remnant of the Sulay tribe that needed taming. And this man knew what \u8216\'91taming\u8217\'92 meant. He knew what he was asking for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just because one old man is a charred spark, that doesn\u8217\'92t mean everyone is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All I\u8217\'92m saying is that on balance, on the whole, people look for the shortest path and more often than not, the shortest path involves running right through somebody else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Almost at a lost for words. Mandri thinks he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got her on the ropes. goes in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a good thing that you\u8217\'92re out here, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to learn the value of depending upon other people. You\u8217\'92ll die otherwise. What\u8217\'92s more, is that people are going to depend upon you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that would be a mistake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mistake or not, it will happen, and either you\u8217\'92ll get someone killed, or you\u8217\'92ll learn the virtue of sacrifice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d be hard pressed to imagine a scenario where I\u8217\'92d sacrifice myself for any of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you serious? I hardly know you people. And I can\u8217\'92t say I believe in your cause.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there anyone you\u8217\'92d sacrifice yourself for, or is everyone unworthy of Mandrameen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never met someone who needs to be alive, if that makes sense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen knew what the Hrks would do to his fallen body, and yet he still sacrificed himself to prevent Schisol from destroying the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93True enough. You are a transient creature. You are here for a flash and then gone. But I wonder, if that\u8217\'92s the case, why not live your life to It doesn\u8217\'92t matter what path we take, we\u8217\'92re all headed for the same place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, but, I don\u8217\'92t really go in for that kind of thinking. I\u8217\'92m not a religious man. I\u8217\'92m sure Solraheen had his reasons, but people aren\u8217\'92t worth saving. They\u8217\'92re hardly worth talking to. I don\u8217\'92t mean you, of course. I mean, all things considered this is a stimulating conversation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah stopped walking. She pointed off to her left, at an unremarkable patch of scrub.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She asked Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you see those Hooky flies?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Above the scrub there was little swarm of pinprick dots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a couple hundred flies there. And remember, a fly can go anywhere; they can walk along the ground, they can fly to in every direction, they could explore to the ends of the earth and see sights unseen. But they don\u8217\'92t. The hover in that small, boring ball of air. You know why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. He braced himself for a bit of folksy desert wisdom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hooky flies swarm like that because the most interesting thing in all the world is each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah gave Mandri a quick smile of questionable sincerity, and then she walked off to join the trail of Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri was stuck looking at those flies. Well, not the flies, he was stuck on Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s metaphor. Like most metaphors, it had a surface charm that suggested a deeper truth, but it completely broke down the more he thought it through. Like those flies weren\u8217\'92t flying around in a ball because of the fulfillment they got in developing personal relationships with their little fellows. There were, no doubt, more primal interests at play. Maybe they\u8217\'92d found water there in that bush, or food, or the bush broke the wind, making it easier to fly. Most likely it was about sex. They bunch up into a ball like that because it\u8217\'92s the easiest way to bump into something to mate with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That would be apt metaphor for people, Mandri supposed. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be easy to get away with saying that the only thing that holds a city together is lust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked after Moteah, and she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d already gotten a ways away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah!\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 was the annoyed reply. Not too annoyed, though, because Moteah stopped and turned to see what Mandri wanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri jogged to catch up. Obo bobbed in the. The straps dug into his shoulders. When he finally joined up with Moteah, they continued on as a pair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you trying to kill Solraheen? I mean, everyone always says that He\u8217\'92s the One True Good in this wretched world, and you seem to agree. Why kill him? Just to spite the Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think you quite understand what the Hrk\u8217\'92s are doing to Solraheen. His body and His message have been so utterly polluted by the Solitant priests in Jeket, that His name has nearly lost all meaning. What He would want - what He would command if His mind were not unwound by poisonous fumes - is to have his own Spark cleansed of the impurity. The only way to do that is to destroy his body completely, and once that is done, Jeket will tumble down into the earth, and the rest of the Hrkan world will go with it, as punishment for their sins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This pronouncement was certain}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you so sure it\u8217\'92s going to play out like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But like Obo said, killing Solraheen isn\u8217\'92t going to-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please. A Mazyd has no real thoughts worth listening to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I don\u8217\'92t know about that. Obo seems pretty clever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop calling him \u8216\'91Obo\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94 Moteah said the name with such contempt that Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t sure if the sting was meant for Obo or the people who made him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s necessary to dehumanize him like that. It is his name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, it\u8217\'92s not a human.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We give names to dogs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dogs have feelings, empathy. All the Mazydai have is the capacity to know things, but they can\u8217\'92t understand. They\u8217\'92re not human. They\u8217\'92ll never understand why we do what we do, or why we feel so strongly about things unremembered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85 Obo seems clever to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it were clever, we wouldn\u8217\'92t have been able to ambush it like a deer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose you\u8217\'92re right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stepping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did you manage to ambush Obo?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With ease.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I don\u8217\'92t get. Obo can practically see through rocks. He can smell things from miles away. I don\u8217\'92t see how it\u8217\'92s possible that he could be ambushed. Remember when were in that pit cave, and he said there were Hrks coming? He knew before your scout did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazyd\u8217\'92s can\u8217\'92t see through rocks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because if he could.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I just know he\u8217\'92s a deceitful character. Like, I bet he\u8217\'92s not even asleep right now. He plays at being unconscious when you Ayramun handle him.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shook his pack to see if he could get Obo to stir, but Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head just bobbled side to side, before coming to rest in a dead man\u8217\'92s hang.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting woman.\u8221\'94 He was not at all surprised to discover that Obo had been awake the whole time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is. And damn, she\u8217\'92s beautiful. You know, normally, I\u8217\'92d be falling hard for a woman like that. But I don\u8217\'92t really feel any way about her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because she\u8217\'92s been putting succor of salt in your bread.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that got to do with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Succor of salt is an anaphrodisiac. It curbs the libido.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It makes you impotent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eaugh!\u8221\'94 Mandri spits it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the only food you\u8217\'92ve got. You\u8217\'92re going to need it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it be said that I that I think this is a bad idea. Gloating may be beneath the Ayramun, but not me. I will say I told you so at my earliest convenience.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You only feel that way because you\u8217\'92re going to be the bait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about you at all, Obo. This is just a bad idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no such thing as a bad idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There most certainly is!\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are no bad ideas, only people who aren\u8217\'92t skilled enough to turn bad situations into good ones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What, you think you\u8217\'92re good at making the best of things? Do you have eyes? I mean, I know you can turn off your pain, but have you turned off your vision? Look at the state of yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, you are literally carrying me around on a litter like I\u8217\'92m a tribal king of old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are utterly and completely at Ayram\u8217\'92s mercy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d say, everything considered, things are about as good as they could possibly be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever. Everything can always be better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}