{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Need to make sure this \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91well-adjusted\u8217\'92 bit works with the earlier bit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mention stucky bread in an earlier chapter to better set it up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So what\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s it like to be a mazydai}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A significant amount of time is spent waiting for things to happen;}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Comfort logic, motivated reasoning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Lizard on the body}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 When he speaks its like a burp is coming. Has to pause and his face gets all twisted.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck culture. all its good for is convincing people to go kill other people.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0 one-of-a-kind statement furniture?}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The only times ill wear clothes that people expet is weddings and funerals, because on those occasions, its not about me. Every other day, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s all about me baby!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0 \~bubbies}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bravery vs cowardice - moto argues from perspective soldier, don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t you think you\u8217\'92d rather them be brave? Not in all cases.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its a wonder you ever took over things. You people are dumb and corrupt.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Leaf blade - specific kind of leafe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Ullr basin was caused by diverting the course of the river. Dead cities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 How do you know that?\line \line It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s common knowledge in the outland tribes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 A braid of onions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Dead people dont bleed very fast. Only gravity feed,}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0 When reality doesn't fit with your beliefs, it might be a good idea to adjust the beliefs - not the viewing permissions on your Twitter account.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 What to paint}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 How to paint}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Who you are}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Problem solving proces}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 So meta game it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Work on who you are, and what to paint comes naturally}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Work on problem solving process, and how to paint comes naturally.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Braids coming out the bottom of the shawl.}}