{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had lost his hand for nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought about humming a song for Obo. Obo wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t human and never had a Spark, but he was deserving of a song, and if not a song, at least something more than mere remembrance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb had been idling nearby like a dried out lizard. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look mad to be alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri snorted and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unfortunately it seems I\u8217\'92m too lucky to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lucky?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve cheated death about five times in the past four days, so I\u8217\'92m starting to think that luck is real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb chuckled, though that did nothing to lighten the mood because she was so grimy. A fat black borcandi spine poked out between her rubbed-down teeth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No such thing as cheatin\u8217\'92 death,\u8221\'94 she said. She spat a wad of goo into the sand. \u8220\'93If there was, then everyone been cheatin\u8217\'92 death every moment of their lives. Shit, since you been sittin\u8217\'92 there you breathed \u8216\'91bout a hundred times\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s a hundred deaths you just put off, but I don\u8217\'92t see you thankin\u8217\'92 luck for the miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Breathing is not a miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell that to folks that can\u8217\'92t breathe. Friend of mine once died when she was sleepin\u8217\'92. Wasp flew straight in her open mouth and stung her in the dangly bit. Thing swole up the size of a pigs uglies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An\u8217\'92 it could happen to you. Could happen any given moment, but I don\u8217\'92t see you prostratin\u8217\'92 yourself every second, thankin\u8217\'92 luck for keepin\u8217\'92 the damn wasps from uggin\u8217\'92 up your throat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, in case it\u8217\'92s necessary, I will give thanks.\u8221\'94 Mandri opened his arms to the reddening sun and said, \u8220\'93I thank you, Luck, for keeping the wasps away!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb snorted and smirked. She appreciated the sarcasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one\u8217\'92s special,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Everybody is who they is, an\u8217\'92 that\u8217\'92s all they is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t disagree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wouldn\u8217\'92t matter if you did. The gods are playin\u8217\'92 a game an\u8217\'92 that\u8217\'92s all there is to it. An\u8217\'92 you best believe me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8216\'91cause you might catch sight of the hand of Solraheen and get slapped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, flippantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t \u8216\'91right\u8217\'92 at me,\u8221\'94 Seb said, offended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry. It\u8217\'92s just the last time I heard someone talk about Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand, it was a priest getting his head chopped off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s a priest losing his head got to do with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was arrested for stealing the legs of the Lybion martyrs from the temple of Jeetz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A look of disbelief on Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weathered face. She said, \u8220\'93Them legs are as watched as the sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why they caught him and put him on trial. And you know what he said in his defense? He said the hand of Solraheen directed him. He said if Solraheen didn\u8217\'92t want him to have such sacred relics, then Solraheen wouldn\u8217\'92t have allowed the theft to occur in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And he were right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The judge said that if Solraheen wanted that priest to keep his head, Solraheen wouldn\u8217\'92t have allowed the man to be caught.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb nodded without appreciating the irony. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They both sat there, staring at the mound of bodies, Seb in wistful repose, and Mandri leaning away, wondering if the odor pricking his nose was coming from Seb, or himself, or the bodies. The woman was still as dirty as when that Hrkan soldier had pulled her out of the sand. She was as comfortable in that cake of dirt as any burrowing lizard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because that\u8217\'92s what Ayram told me to do, an\u8217\'92 now that\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m tellin\u8217\'92 you to do. Let\u8217\'92s test your luck, maybe you find him afore me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb and Mandri spent the next hand and a half searching for Obo's body. They had no luck until Mandri got tired of looking and decided to apply himself. He realized that if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been thrown clear of the destruction, then Obo probably had as well. From there they checked around where Mandri landed, and sure enough, there was Obo, still swaddled in black, poking out of the sand like a black grub. Seb didn\u8217\'92t want to touch Obo, so Mandri pulled him out alone, though this didn\u8217\'92t require much effort. Mandri found himself hoping that he\u8217\'92d feel Obo wiggle back to life once shaken, but no, he was as lifeless as the rest of the dead, though nearly weightless in comparison. And his skin was much paler, even by Obo\u8217\'92s standards.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram turned to Moteah and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Command him. Make him do something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram thought for a moment, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make him hiss like a lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy is not ready for true work,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93When his leg is mended, when his breath is steadied, then we shall make him serve. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, if you fight Hrk it\u8217\'92s only going to come back around. You think they\u8217\'92re evil, but the Lords don\u8217\'92t care about the outland tribes. Not really. You\u8217\'92re tangential. In fact, they\u8217\'92ve sympathy for you if you can believe it. The Lords are the only thing holding the common folk back from stealing what good land you people have left. If your goal is to plunge Hrk into chaos, you\u8217\'92ll be signing your own writ of doom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram chuckled and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need no lecture on the evil that breeds in the heart of the Hrkan people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why agitate them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The force of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s argument was working an energy into him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you want Hrk to fall, you have to be precise. Kill a few choice men and women, the ones keeping the corruption in check. And perhaps a few others who bridge the nation\u8217\'92s natural divisions. Apply some pressure to the right places, and Hrk will fall apart under its own weight. Like Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Careful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrk hates itself more than it hates you. Simply get the people to no longer want to be a nation, and they won\u8217\'92t be. That will give your outland tribes room to breathe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You speak as if you have experience toppling empires.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you think Hrk tore down the Old Jandri world? It wasn\u8217\'92t Mazidfire. It was disagreement. Disagreement is humanity\u8217\'92s natural impulse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The thing you don\u8217\'92t get,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, \u8220\'93Is that I don\u8217\'92t care about Hrk. I don\u8217\'92t care about the outland tribes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, then what\u8217\'92s all this for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Share look. Should I tell him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s useless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, tell me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , as size is certainty in the Sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only surprising bit was Elrahet. This woman had knowledge of the Spark, visions of the future, and yet, she was content to call herself Ayramun. It was because of her that Mandri feared the truth of the Amalgamete, though not just her. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d now met two witches wielding golden knives, and both speaking of a godlike being. Importantly, they didn\u8217\'92t disagree about this god\u8217\'92s existence, but whether or not it needed to be killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri decided that Mandri ought to know about that other witch, Pel, the one who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d started him on this journey. Perhaps it might change Mandri\u8217\'92s mood if he knew that these pokes weren\u8217\'92t the only ones preaching about an Amalgamete. It might make Mandri more amenable to his Minding. If the Amalgamete were real, then all of this might make sense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He found himself hoping it was real. It would be a real shame for that big pile of bodies to mean absolutely nothing. If it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mean anything, then any old passing artist could stumble by and make it mean whatever they wanted, like they do with rocks and trees and entire landscapes, and that would be a shame.}}