{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Life, Art, and Mysticism}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Originally man lived in isolation. Supported by nature, }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Originally man lived in isolation. Supported by nature, every individual sought to maintain his equilibrium between sinful temptations. That filled the whole of his life; there was no involvement with others, nor was there any worry about the future. As a result hard work did not exist, nor did sorrow, hatred, fear, or lust. But man was not content; he started to assert control over his fellow men and to search for certainty about the future. And so the balance was lost; labor forced onto the opporessed became ever more distressing and the conspiracy of those in power ever more wicked. We have now reached the point where everyone has power but at the same time suffers oppression; the old instinct of separation and isolation now only lives on as pale envy and jealousy.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Meister Eckhart}
\par\plain {- If reason presents certain actions as likely to improve your condition but your conscience does not approve, then leave them undone. Reason never grasps the world in its entirety and the means it dictates to achieving its limited aim will ultimately and in some inscrutable way only cause damage.}
\par\plain {If in this life we always had a mirror in front of us in which we could see things at a glance, grasp everything in one image, acting and knowing would not cause us any problem. But since in our viewing we must turn from one thing to another, we cannot concentrate on one without obstructing the other.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Life of the individual is an illusion, an anxious and laborious prusuit of ends. At the time of death, which he has awaited unprepared an in complete ignorance, he is either startled by the realization that he has wasted his life or his reason is dulled by the comforting thought that without illusions life would have been nothing at all, or that on balance at least he will take with him into his grave a large measure of experience.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Old age, a long life of sin which has left its mark on their faces, rigid and long deprived of all naivete, and which stares out of their lifeless eyes, that all this, and this alone, leads to wisdom!}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Life of mankind as a whole is an arrogant tearing up and devouring of its nest on this pure earth, messing up its mothering growth, gnawing and mutilating her and making her rich creative power sterile, until all life has been swallowed up and the human cancer has withered on the barren planet.}
\par\plain {The sickness of mind which has caused this, and which has turned men into madmen, they call \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93understanding the world\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Having contemplated the sadness of this world, look into yourself. Within you there is a consciousness, a consciousness which continually changes its content. Are you teh master of thes changes? \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Is the motto, \u8220\'93Control your passions,\u8221\'94 only an empty phrase? No doubt you sometimes have this religious sensation, when you feel as if you have withdrawn from your passions, from fear and desire, from time and space, and from the whole of this perceptional world. And finally, you do know that very meaningful phrase turning-into-oneself. You therefore seem to be capable of some kind of attention which centers round yourself and which to some extent is within your power. What this self is, you cannot further say, nor can you reason about it, for you know full well that all speaking and reasoning is an attention at a great distance from the self; that you cannot get closer to the self by means of words or reasoning, but only by this turning-tinto-yourself as it is given to you.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {If , however, you succeed in overcoming all inertia and proceed, you will find taht passions will be sileneced, you will feel dead to the old world of perception, of time and space, and all otehr forms of pluratlity; and your eyes, no longer blindfolded, will be opened to a scene of joyful quiescence.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {At the same time you are also aware of an infinite wealth of phantasies, a mixture of all kinds of worlds, which now claim as much and also as little right to existence as those you previously considered to be real. And in this confluent sea of colors, without separation, without firmness and yet without movement, this chaos without disorder, you see a direction which you follow automatically, yet not of necessity.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {You will freel free to return when you so wish to the shackles of plurality, separation, time, space, and bodily consciousness. But you do not, or rather, you do and you do not at the same time. Freely staying outside, you live at the same time your imprisoned bodily life in this human world, live with your shackles but you are fully aware that you have accepted them in freedom and that they bind you only as long as you wish.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The phenomena succeed each other in time, bound by causality because your colored view wills this regularity; but through the walls of causality \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93miracles\u8221\'94 continue to glide and flow, visible only to the free, the enlightened. You will see how in this imprisoned world miracles continually break through and how an invisible, avenging hand manifestly administers eternal justice. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Your journey through this sad world will be a steady passage in a light and colorful cloud, full of love for all that is clear in it, love even for your erring and covetous fellow men, for in your eyes it is no longer a reality separated from teh self, but directed from within the self and with the self. You will feel all-powerful, for you desire only that which follows the direction, and mountains will give way to you. You will feel endowed with an all-embracing knowledge; as in all emanations you feel the timeless direction, a unison of past, present and future within yourself. You will no longer ask what to do, you will do the right thing without any prompting; therefore you will no longer ask for understanding; all will be clear of its own.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Without pain you now see mankind, cast down by fear and desire, by avarice and lust for power, by time and space, wandering without wings, incapable of lifting itself in self-reflection, chained to the intellect, the spawn of time and space and fossilized in the form of the human head, the symbol of man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fall. Primitive tribes consider headhunting to be a process of cleansing, and take the greatest pleasure in practicing it on the most developed people. This is based on the deep philosophical insight that in nature greater differentiation goes hand in hand with graver damnation; this insight resides in their hearts, not in their heads.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This highly valued intellect has enabled man and forced him to go on living in desire and fear, rather than from a salutory sense of bewilderment take refuge in self-reflection. Intellect has made him forefeit the amazing independence and directness of his rambling images by connecting them with each other rather than with the self. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In this life of lust and desire the intellect renders man the devilish service of linking two images of the imagination as a means and end\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 In order to change the course fo rivers he builds dams, indulging his jealousy of his neighbor he sets fire to his house; to protect himself against wild animals he builds his house on tilts; to let the sun shin on his house he cuts down trees. Switch attention from end to means is accompanied by a change in bodily feelings; there is apparently a }{\f0\fs24\b1 noticeable change in the bloodstream}{, which starts in the head. Here too one feels teh close connection between head and intellect.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Industry originally supplied its products in order to create in nature the most favorable conditinos for human life. But one ignored the fact that in manufacturing these products from nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s resources one interfered with and upset the balance of nature and the human condition, thereby causing damage greater than teh advantages these products coudl ever bring. For example, to meet the demand for timber man has razed or ruined so many forests that in the temperate climates hardly any edible plants grow in the wild.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {And worse: manufacturing these goods became an end in instelf; new industries were called into existence merely to supply the tools to facilitate production, another blow to the balance of nature. Raw materials were recklessly seized from far away lands, spawning commercial and naval enterprises, which in turn led to moral and physical misery and to oppression of one people by another.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {As the self was abandoned, the self that knkows all about the past and the future, man grew more and more anxious about the future and began to crave for the power to predict its course: science came into being.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Bodily awareness has strayed so far away that it is all concentrated in the human head, ignoring and excluding the rest fo the body. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {At this stage there are radical changes in the direction fo man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention, and these constitute scientific thinking. For scientfici thinking is nothing but a fixation of the direction of will within the confines of the head, and a scientific truth no more than an infatuation of desire living exclusively in the human head.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Every branch of science will therefore run into ever deeper trouble; when it climbs too high it is almost completely shrouded in even greater isolation, where the remembered results of that science take on an independent existence. The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91foundations\u8217\'92 of this branch of scinece are investigated, adn taht soon becomes a new branch of science. One then begins to search for the foundations of science in general and knocks up some \u8216\'91theory of knowledge.\u8221\'94 As they climb higher and higher confusion grows until they are all completely deranged. Some in the end quietly give up; having thought for a long time about the elusive link between the intuiting conscousness (which develops from the perceptional world) and the perceptional world itself (which in turn only exists through and in the forms of the intuiting consciousness)\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a confusion which arose from their own sin of constructing a perceptional world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  they then plug the hole with the concept of the ego, which was self-created with and at the same time as their perceptional world; and they say, \u8220\'93Yes, of course, something must remain incomprehensible, adn that something is the ego that comprehends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But there are others who do not know when to stop, who keep on and on until they go mad; they grow bald, shortsighted, and fat; their stomachs stop working properly; and moaning with asthma and indegestion they fancy that equilibrium is within reach\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and almost reached. So much for science, the last flower and ossificaiton of culture.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Heroism is nothing but the determination to defy that infernal phrase, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the ends justify the means\u8217\'92, and the infernal act of the intellect; the jump from end to means.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Anyone who raises the question of the real purpose of life is declared insane by our modern, practical society. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85there is no room for such a profound question in this confined world of desire and fear with its mass-suggestion of a system which deems certain things to be desirable for their own sake, such as wine, wealth, love, and even wisdom, and others to be evil in themselves, things liek drought, cold, hunger, poverty as well as murder and adultery. It is a system which society shores up with great difficulty but without success; it flaunts all kinds of needs which each for its satisfaction requires hard work and pain, and so frustrates other needs, so taht in the end all satisfaction remains illusory. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Enclaved categories.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A sop to man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s consciounce.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Salving conscience by diverting attention.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The self lives in art, poetry, and religion, but it is betrayed by its own offspring and put in chains. Music music is turned into crude sensual beat and sing-song; poetry must rely on language and rhythm, which are equally base. What should have led him away from desire, pleasure, and fear has become a source of new pleasures and does not cure his addiction to pleasure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85one marvels at the virgin forests, but only with a view to cultivating them.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The bible condemns the tower of bable, and with it, all building and human creation. Yet relgiion glories in its wonderful temples, a crystalization of mans\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 creativeness and his high aspirations. Instead of banning fear, it offers a faith which appeals to the intellect, a faith which plays on man\u8217\'92s fears, a faith which sooths his conscience and also frightens him. Art, which should have been a liberation from teh fixed form, has taken on fixed forms everywhere; its main purpose is to make man unlearn everything, but now there are special \u8216\'91art schools,\u8217\'92 where art can be learned.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Art and relgion in this world are only grand morphine industries; the yearning for a better life is lulled into sleep and reduced to a state of torpidity. All who play a part in the mechanism of society and so help to maintain its evil mass production are kept quiet and happy. In book and drama they are told about reformers, revolutionaries, and recluses, about contempt for law and order, self-denial, freely chosen poverty and hunger, the free life, rejection of the world of perception, indifference to the misfortuions of life, the kingdom of god. Such [characters] and their teachings are greatly admired, at least when presented in writing or on the stage, but when they appear in real life everyone is outraged and frightened, and they are locked up in prison or a lunatic asylum. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Vegetarian who continues in society \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the fruits of our civilization and power over other human races are closely related to our carnivorous habits; such a vegetarian is therefore a parasite.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Here too, instead of excape from earthly shackles, there is a grwoing insensitivity and a sham equilibrium, bought with ever greater complication fo human needs, ever deteriorating living conditions, ever mroe backbreaking work, going ever further adrift.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Social doogooders and reformers of all hues, who seem to think that god has created us in order to improve his work.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But sadly this free conscience (young fold inspired by monks and hermits) is short-lived: education appears on the horizon and throttles in its web. At first they learn that there is no work to be done, that there is nothing beautiful or important; they then begin to search for waht is more beautiful or more important than the human condition demands, and finally they bow down even further: they become lackys in the palace of evil, lackeys with their crawling servility toward their master and cruelty toward outsiders, doing ignoble, degrading work, brazenly scrounging and at the same time fearing for their own dear lives.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {An external visible world necessarily lives on in the illusion fo a free will; that is where it tries to find happiness, even if this free will remains firmly locked up in causality. Therefore any emanation of power, any strong manifestation of life, and any flowering and growth which are willed shall come about, but only to fade away.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab - Grandeur et Decadence; In God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wisdom it has been ordained that man must part from what is dearest to him.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {You will not try to be better than you are because that too would be surrender to evil desire, neither will you wish the world to be better than it is because that would be evil lust for power. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {See Jacob Boehme}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The immediate companion of the intellect is language.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Language can only be the accompaniment of an already existing mutual understanding.}
\par\plain {Even when two people share the same needs and aspriations, they will be in constant danger of being led by their uncontrolled desires into different side roads and of drifting apart; they will suffer pain and anxiety in their struggle to keep together. Only in the very narrowly restricted domains of the imagination such as in the sciences\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which are completely separated from teh world of perception and therefore touch the least upon teh essentially human\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only there can mutual understanding be maintained for some time. }
\par\plain {But ridiculous is the use of language when one tries to express subtle nuances of will which are not part of the living reality of those concerned, when for example so called philosophers or metaphysicians discuss among themselves morality, god, consciousness, immortality, or the free will. Tehse people do not even love eachother, let alone share the same subtle movements of hte soul; sometimes they even do not know each other personally. They either talk at cross-purposes ore each builds his own little ogical system which lacks any connection with reality. For logic is life in teh human brain;}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Language, which presuems a harmony of will. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Everyone waffles, but it is considered an art to waffle without nonsense showing through the restraints of convention which hold society together; to score off others, expose their stupidity while keeping oneself covered and within the bounds, and yet daring to touch upon the most subtle topics, that is considered really great talent, demanding the greatest respect.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Comical is the language of conversation between boys and girls. In their case there is already a harmony of will, and language is completely superfluous; indeed its only purpose is to hide this harmony of will, serving modesty and shame which not face it openly, to mask seriousness behind jokes.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Mock seriousness, a kind of playful coquetry,..}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Language can accompany man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s will to dominate the will of others or his will to keep the movement of wills together; for example, teh war cry of red indians accompanies the will to break the will of others.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {A language which does not derive its certainty from the human will, but which claims to live on in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91pure concept\u8217\'92 is an absurdity. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But when reasoning touches on live [t]issues such as love, nature, and politics, then it makes pronouncements which are lifeless, that is, have no meaning for life.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {When truth breaks through, it points to a life where the self, never abandoned, has been found again; where the man accepts his earthly chackles in all humility, fully conscious of the inevitable karma of this sad world and his own individual place in it. }
\par\plain {And yet, truth itself cannot help find the self again; that can only be done by what transcends the forms of this world and what mystics refer to as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91divine grace\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Immanent truth enlightens, transcendent trught makes man devout. Immanent truth sees the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91idea\u8217\'92 of the world. From teh viewpoint of the so-called reality it may appear to be a lie or at least an exaggeration because of the false forms in which it must dress itself, especially in literature and the visual arts. It conflicts with current opinions which have all grown out of a world view based on outward appearance, that is, to appeal to human desire. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Living writers become literary figures only if they become workers in the industry of conscience-salving mock edifictaion or titillation; their working material may even be truth, but only truth dressed up in fashionable clothing of the prevailing cultural system. Later, however, when the cultural system changes, their clothing is no longer fashionable and they do not even survive as dead authors. A contemporary author is never forgiven for telling the naked truth; the work of the dea d is covered with teh conciliatory veil of unreality, their naked truthes are swallowed as some vague sacred doctrine. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The pasrson preachos that it is sinful to worry about tomorrow and yet he takes out an insurance policy on his house against fire and burglary. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Art, which is real truth, belies common sense, causality, and science everywhere; it kills the optimism which props up the folly of this earthly show; it sees the avenging of fate in everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life, how the illusion, the hope and trust in the stability of this world is turned into misery, spiting the illusion of causality; it recognizes the plurality of this world, attaching to every part a separate and encaged will which never finds rest and is always frustrated by the opposing will of other parts from which it remains separated.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Art according to Zola is a description of nature as seen by individual temperament; but temperament is no more than a titillation of the imagination into some crude frenzy}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The naked immanent truth bears no relation to the present situation, the prevailing cultural system. Art, which is truth, is of all times.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Man must shun and ignore woman in order to avoid increasing the burden of his karma and his own ultimate downfall\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 listen to shakespeare\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Anthony under the spell of cleopatra, crying out in desperation, \u8220\'93I must from this enchangting queen break off\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and woman cannot exist without man, her whole karma is nothing but her sex, so much so that between a woman and a lioness there is less difference than between twin brothers.}
\par\plain {Woman must live in a world where she feels everything but cannot be anything. In her body she experiences the feelings of humanity, of race and family, but she may not indulge in them. Only one thing is left to her; one who is her ideal, one whome she may follow with her eyes without asking of him anything for herself, no love in return, not even being noticed by him. She is to be an instrument, sent from heaven to loosen the bonds of his karma and help him keep away from distrubing temptaiton. But in doing so she does not notice taht her entrance into his life becomes his greatest temptation, when he begins to feel an all-giving love toward her. In her consciousness, in her attention she helps him live his life purely in himself, but underneath, from the dark depths of her sex she will lure him onto paths which lead him to ruin.}
\par\plain {She shall be humble\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Without flinching she shall give her life to save his equilibrium.}
\par\plain {Her look shall be serene and calming; she shall live her life doing anything for her beloved with dogged persistence and patience, her body unwrinkled and unmoved, without desire to seduce adn unaware of its seductive power, and yet a body so irresistibly tempting in its tormenting repose that no man can resist.}
\par\plain {The Venus of Milo symbolizes the karma of woman, the still, passionless woman, so unaware and yet so devilishly seductive. Pure female love, however, love without temptation can be wonderful, such serene untroubled love as can be found between brother and sister.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Only through love does she become woman, but in doing so she loses her own identity, as she admits when she says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Startled and ravished by my friend, I am lost to myself\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Most philosophers and moralists believe as little in what they write as the manufacturers of baby foods and meat extracts believe in their own products.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Priests do not believe in what they preach to the masses; the leaders of political parties deceive the people deliberately. Most poets, painters, and other artists have arrogated this role to themselves out of weakness or laziness, knowing themselves to be poorly placed for any other role in the social industries, and the uncritical public has come to accept their place and their fake products simply because they cannot do it themselves.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Moving high above the world and detached from teh forms of the world.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Those imprisoned in life call it mysticism, they think it obscure; but in truth it is light, it is only darkness to those who are in darkness themselves.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Mysticism denies all knowledge, whereas occultism follows the human thirst for knowledge to its extreme; occultism is not concerned with morality, while mystical wisdom and high moral sense are inseparable companions. Nowere in mysticism is there a thread or a correct sequence, every sentence stands on its own, it does not require a sentence to proceed or to follow it, as suits the accompaniment of what is timeless.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Here are some}{\f0\fs24\b1  mystical sounds }{which illustrate and transcend what was said in the previous chapters.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Boehme\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {The first property of nature is desire; it is like a magnet, a drawing power of the will, which wants to be something but has nothing of its own to build on;; it therefore acts through an attractive force and fastens itself onto a something, and yet it is nothign but an acutely felt magnetic hunger, a bitterness, hardness and cold. }
\par\plain {The second property originates in the first, it is the act of drawing, movement in this acute state. The magnet (attraction) makes hard, and hardness is again broken by movement, and therefore there is an everlasting battle with the self; this causes bitter pain, stinging its sensitivity, whcih could not exist without acuteness and movement.}
\par\plain {The third property is fear or anxiety, a form of will induced by the attraction toward nature and the go. This movement is like a turning wheel, because desire pulls toward itself while movement repels. In such a state of anxiety the will can neither move inward nor outward, and yet it is pulled inward and outward. This state of fear is the real foundation of hell in as much as it is not abosrbed and raised int eh freedom oflight. }
\par\plain {-God wants the company of children, not masters.}
\par\plain {-Ever since god spoke the word of creation, the wheel of eternal essences without being turned in wonder. However, when he moved will into fiat, it turned into being. And then time began, time which in eternity did not exist before.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 people who embrace the struggle, and are victorious at the consequence, their children must feel guilt.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Flaubert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Gymnosophiste:}
\par\plain {At the edge of the forest there stands something that looks like a woodpile, something rather strange: it is a man, completely naked and covered in cow dung, more emaciated than a mummy; his joints are like knots at the endof bones. There are shells over his ears, his face is thina nd long\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85His left arm points in teh air, paralyzed, stiff like a wooden stake; he has stood there so long that birds have nested in his hair. ..The sun shines right in his face, he watches it with open eyes.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85I am like a rhinoceros, I have buried myself in solitude, I lived in the tree behind me and fed myself on flowers and fruit, so carefully observing the rules that even a dog could not see me eat.}
\par\plain {Since existence arises from corruption, corruption from desire, desire from sensation, and sensation from contact, I shunned all action, all contact, not making any more movement than teh stone figure in the graveyard, breathing through my notsrils, my gaze fixed upon my nose. Seeing the universal ether in my mind, the world in my limbs, the moon in my heart, I became aware of the essence fo the great Spirit from which keep bursting forth the beginnings of life, like the sparks from a fire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85I gain my knowledge directly from heaven, like the tchataka bird which only uses the rain to quench its thirst. Only in this way do I know things, things themselves do nolonger exist. }
\par\plain {For me there is now no hope, no anguish, no happiness, no virtue, neither day nor night, neither you nor me: absolutely nothing.}
\par\plain {This awful deprivation has made me stronger than any power; one movement of thought can kill a hundred princes, dethrone gods, turn the whole world upside down.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85But having turned through an infinte mutlitude of existences in the form of gods, of men and animals, I now give up all travel; I do not want any more tiredness! I abandon the squalid tavern of my body, built of flesh, colored by blood, covered in a hideous skin, full of dirt. Instead I shall finally go to sleep in the deepset sleep of the absolute: in annihilation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 breathing only when the wind blew into his nostrils.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 again, with the women;}
\par\plain {As to the free woman, her life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s path moves through the densest growth of society and there it will end, even if her real self remains outside, existing as it does outside time and space. She will not seek nor recognize stability, she trusts no one nor will she be faithful to anybody or anything. But the barrier wall built around her by her karma, her fate, is to worship the highest in man that she is capable of grasping, and to adapt her own external life to the service fo his free and full development. In doing so she will not be bound by any law or convention of society.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But the people themselves will never be liberated, they will continue to be oppressed and exploited out of greed and for the sake of the mad fantasies and ideals of some individuals. Oppression and exploitation are only shifted elsewhere by the apostles of the new truth; injustice will live on, generously fed by fear, gread, and folly, and in its prevailng form supported by some new aspect of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91justice\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {No, the world can never be reformed so as to bring good to man. Social conditions will remain wretched and life for every individual will remain a misery, only aggravated by hope for advancement and a better future. Only complete surrender and total resignation would end this misery.}
\par\plain {Look at this world, full of wretched people who imagine that they have possessions, worried that they might lose them and ever toiling in the hope of acquiring more. Look at all these people, striving after luxury and wealth, those whose riches are secured, whose stocks and shares are safely deposited and who now nurture an insatiable appetite for knowledge, power, health, glory, and pelasure. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://philpapers.org/go.pl?id=GUTTNT-3&proxyId=&u=https%3A%2F%2Fphilpapers.org%2Farchive%2FGUTTNT-3.pdf"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs48\b1 <$Scr_H::1>The negative theology of absolute infinity: Cantor, mathematics, and humility<!$Scr_H::1>}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://philpapers.org/s/Rico%20Gutschmidt"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Rico Gutschmidt}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~&\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://philpapers.org/s/Merlin%20Carl"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Merlin Carl}}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Cantor argued that absolute infinity is beyond mathematical comprehension. His arguments imply that the domain of mathematics cannot be grasped by mathematical means. We argue that this inability constitutes a foundational problem. For Cantor, however, the domain of mathematics does not belong to mathematics, but to theology. We thus discuss the theological significance of Cantor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s treatment of absolute infinity and show that it can be interpreted in terms of negative theology. Proceeding from this interpretation, we refer to the recent debate on absolute generality and argue that the method of diagonalization constitutes a modern version of the vianegativa. On our reading, negative theology can evoke an attitude of humility with respect to the boundedness of the human condition. Along these lines, we think that the foundational problem of mathematics concerning its domain can be addressed through a methodological attitude of humility.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }