{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dan Jones}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The precious load inside the oak case included nearly six hundred gold coins known as solidi. These jangled against fifteen thousand silver siliquae and a couple of handfuls of random bronze pieces. The coins were stamped variously with the faces of emperors from three dynasties, the mostrecent of them the ill-fated usurper Constantine III. Nestled among the coins were even greature treasures: an assortment of gorgeous gold necklaces, rings, and fashionable body chains designed to cling to the curves of a slender young woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body.; bangles etched with geometric patterns and lifelike hunting cenes; teaableware including silver spoons and pepper pots in the shape of wild beasts, ancient heroes, and empresses; elegant toilet utensils including silver earwwax scrapers and toothpicks mad e to look like long-necked ibises; bowls beakers, and juigs; and a tiny elephant-ivory pyxis - the sort of\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Virgil - on rome -  pardon the defeated, and battle down the proud.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Typical Roman soldier signed on to serve for at least ten years; prior to the third century A.DS. The prize for serving in the auxiliaries for twenty-five years was full roman citizenship. Regular pay wwas reasonable, whil the roles available were many and varied. Besides infantry - trained to fight with a short sword; long, curved shield; and javelin - the roman army employed horsemen, artillerymen, medics, musicians, clerks, and engineers. There was a strong culture of reward and honor for distinguished service, but by the same token, discipline was brutally strict, proceeding by starvation, flogging and on occasion summary execution. According to the greek writer polybius, who composed a detailed history of rome in the second century bc, soldiers who failed to stand their ground in battle coudl be punished by fustuarium supplicum, in which their colleagues jointly cudgeled or stoned them to death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rome was a slave state - african grain mills, spanish mines. Apuleius - Their whole bodies picked out with livid weals, their whip-scarred backs shaded rather than covered by their tattered rags, some with only a scanty loin-cloth by way of covering\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 There were branded foreheads, half-shaven heads, and fettered ankles; their faces were sallow, their eyes so bleared by the smoky heat of the furnaces that they were half blind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Economically, the entire edifice of rome and its empire relied upon mass bondage, facilitated by the same long and complex trading networks that supplied the empire with essential commodities and luxury goods.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The streets would be laid out in grid fashion. In the smareter sections of town, torches might be burning in the courtyards of the sprawling villas occupied by the wealthiest inhabitatnts fine homes built in brick or stone complete with underfloor h eating, a clean water supply, and floors and walls decorated in a distinctive mediterranean style with nods to classical greece and ancient rome. Toward the center of the city, an open space known as a forum would hold a marketplace and a clutch of official buildings }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, in the mid-third century they were persecuted en masse. The really programmatic pursuit of christians began under emperor decius, who took umbrage at general christian refusal to take part in a series of pagan sacrifices that he had ordered for the good of the empire during the crisis of the third centurey. Under decius, and later, under valerian *253-60) and Diocleation, christians were flogged, flayed, thrown to wild beasts, and martyred  in many inventive ways. Diocletian was remembered as a sadist, and his cruelty provided lurid material for later christian writers like Eusebius of Caesarea,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 > Women were tied by one foot and hoisted high in the  air, head downwards, their bodies completely naked without a morsel of clothing, presennting thus the most shameful, brutal and inhuman of all spectacles to everyone watching. Others again were tied to trees and stumps and died horribly; for with the aid of machinery they drew together the very stoutest boughs, fastened one of the marty\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92rs legs to each, and then let the boughs fly back to their normal position; tus they managed to tear apart the limbs of their victims in a moment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 COnstantine pg. 31}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In turn, christianity underwent its first wave of romanization, developing a distinct military tone, a preference for latin as the language of exegesis, a network of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91diocese\u8217\'92 (the name was borrowed, ironically, from Diocletian, once the arch-persecutor, who had in his day divided the empire into secular diocese for ease of administration. \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Edict of Caracalla 212 ad when citizenship was radically redistributed in the provinces - turning point.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Juddered, split, almost collapsed, and then reforemd.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For those alert ot signs hidden in the fabric of the world, the roman empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collapse in the west was announced by a series of omens. In antioch, dogs howled like wolves, night birds let out hideous shrieks, and people muttered that the mperor should be burned alive. In thrace, a dead man lay in the road and fixed passerby with an unnerving, lifelike glare, until after a few days the corpse suddenl y disappered. And in the city of rom itself, citizens persisted in going to the theater, an egregious and insanely sinful pastime, which, according to one christian writer, practially invited the wrath of the almighty. Human beings have been superstitious in all ages, and we are especially good at adducing portents when we have hte benefit of hindsight. Hence the opinion of the historian ammianus marcellinus, who looked back on the end of the fourth century into which he was born and reflected that this was a time when fort une\u8217\'92s wheel, \u8220\'93which is perpetually laternating prosperity and adversity,\u8221\'94 was turning fast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }}