{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f2\fs24\b1\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rational numbers between 0 and 1 are\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=e0d45d95ed44ea21&cs=0&sxsrf=AE3TifOh2-CDMP0jBGSQU-mSbqy9LYKeHQ%3A1749815672772&q=countably+infinite&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjW3cqsq-6NAxU2jIkEHV7ZGfgQxccNegQIAhAB&mstk=AUtExfBIz2xgn2kIkNhOZOZaiN2Ul7hXNYMUXKgPChYlJmpavf7gBOygXTHZFO98m5JpcbXXIjR8md5aTwfPU8VB0RLYKXqE9ODIVilw6AOQ50rmrkQXRI7chhO0znLAVUy5pXV3lebvH3rb56QvwxqP-rB65qn1XUrj0sJ57zrGQrvCeuBmnjbtln4tgO7LW_CEhbBXgH139fFgh1ExTulWGfwYt6lSJsPZx9Pg08IAjK1Z6UM7kf_Eltr2mIJ2T99XNPWL1zwESgUvhbrSsyR3xmT_G6ek7O5ZzJeD4tyy9amMV3GJCLOdK8bkmJM-mH5lnw&csui=3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 countably infinite}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~meaning there's a way to list them in a sequence, one after another, without leaving any out.\~This is because,\~while there are infinitely many rational numbers in this interval, they can be put into a one-to-one correspondence with the natural numbers (1, 2, 3, ...), which is a standard proof of countability.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Supertask}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is a very particular view on the philosophy of mathematics which would be very controversial to many, I believe. Many believe that in fact, axioms are\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~the real starting points, the real starting points are the abstract objects we really have in mind. So when we say something about integers or arithmetic, we're not saying something about a particular axiomitization, we are actually accessing an abstract concept of numbers in our minds which exist independent of our axioms, and we list axioms as things which we know to be true for certain about those concepts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Euclid came up with his postulates, he wasn't supposing those were the rules of some game with abstract symbols, he thought those really were the statements which were true and could not be denied about the objects (lines, circles) he had in mind. Platonism is, and has been, a dominating view in the philosophy of mathematics, which can be stronger than even what I have said here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NJ Wildberger takes a similar view, and believes that there are true and false axioms one could take about certain objects (say, numbers). He really believes that the ordinary numvers you and I think of cannot go on forever, because at some point the number is incomprehensibly large. So the concept of numbers cannot rest on some notion of infinity. He also thinks that the fact that there are paradoxes like supertasks are evidence against infinity being a valid concept.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philosophy_of_mathematics"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 philosophy of mathematics}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\~}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 constructivism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~asserts that it is necessary to find (or "construct") a specific example of a mathematical object in order to prove that an example exists. Contrastingly, in classical mathematics, one can prove the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existence"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 existence}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of a mathematical object without "finding" that object explicitly, by assuming its non-existence and then deriving a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contradiction"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 contradiction}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~from that assumption. Such a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Proof_by_contradiction"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 proof by contradiction}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~might be called non-constructive, and a constructivist might reject it. The constructive viewpoint involves a verificational interpretation of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existential_quantifier"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 existential quantifier}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , which is at odds with its classical interpretation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are many forms of constructivism.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constructivism_(philosophy_of_mathematics)#cite_note-FOOTNOTETroelstra1977a974-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [1]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~These include the program of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intuitionism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 intuitionism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~founded by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luitzen_Egbertus_Jan_Brouwer"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brouwer}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Finitism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 finitism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Hilbert"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hilbert}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Bernays"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bernays}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Constructive_recursive_mathematics&action=edit&redlink=1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 constructive recursive mathematics}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikolai_Aleksandrovich_Shanin"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shanin}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andrey_Markov_(Soviet_mathematician)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markov}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Errett_Bishop"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bishop}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 's program of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constructive_analysis"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 constructive analysis}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constructivism_(philosophy_of_mathematics)#cite_note-FOOTNOTEBishop1967-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [2]}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Constructivism also includes the study of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constructive_set_theory"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 constructive set theories}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~such as\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CZF"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CZF}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and the study of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topos_theory"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 topos theory}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think mathematicians are rather loose in their use of infinities. I feel the same way about Homotopy Type Theory---it is a valuable as a perspective, even if not strictly speaking giving you any power you didn't have with just Set Theory. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Set theory's foundations are rooted in logic,..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Set theory's foundations are rooted in intuition, as is logic's; and we can even go so far as to say that logic's foundations are rooted in Set theory.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 All men are mortal...}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotle's famous illustrative syllogism presupposes the primordial intuition of the soundness of sets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm in agreement with his point of view, but it certainly is a fringe one. Basically he doesn't think the notion of completed infinities or infinite sets and by extension real numbers and modern analysis etc are coherent and well defined. He likes to stick in algebraic and rational mathematical spaces. His rational trigonometry and algebraic calculus for example are quite sane, just a rather esoteric way to avoid irrationals. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10516-023-09652-8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s10516-023-09652-8}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wildeberger has a fringe perspective even among intuitionists. Hardly any intuitionists reject things like square roots, for instance. In fact, even some finitists accept them! He is the fringe of the fringe. That said, he is not exactly a "crank" mathematician in the usual sense, since his mathematical research is actually correct and at least somewhat novel, and he has a good understanding and appreciation of the theories he writes about. However, his pedagogical and philosophical arguments are typically vacuous and\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ad hominem}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and I think he should be considered a crank in education and the philosophy of mathematics. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's also worth noting that Wildberger is (in)famous for holding some very unorthodox positions on mathematical philosophy. He is a finitist, which means that he does not believe that using infinite objects and techniques like infinite sums and limits is mathematically valid. He invented an entirely new approach to geometry to replace Euclidean geometry because he does not accept the validity of square roots or trigonometric functions (because they cannot be finitely evaluated).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To be clear none of his math is wrong. In fact if anything he is doing math on hard mode. But his refusal to acknowledge the validity of just about anything else in modern math makes him somewhat controversial.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >I think he's more a philosophical crank than a mathematical one. He actually seems to be really knowledgeable about math and seem to do good work, but his philosophical arguments for ultrafinitism are laughably naive. His main argument seems to come down to "we can't phisically write down an infinite amount of numbers, so there must be a finite amount of them". I remember a video where he argues that philosophers involvement in mathematical questions lead to many mistakes and misunderstandings about the nature of math, and I just kept thinking "God, you need to take some remedial philosophy classes". I think his expertise in math made him unjustifiably confident in his poorly thought out philosophical views. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >This is a respectable motivation for ultrafinitism, in fact it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pretty much the only one. This does not at all indicate that he has not done his reading or is otherwise misinformed philosophically. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >That is pretty much the one line introduction to ultrafinitism. If he was philosophically serious he would at least address the basic criticisms to that position, like the fact that there is no model of an ultrafinitistic theory (in contrast to how there are intuitionistic models). Instead he just complain that philosophers insist mathmaticians should take philosophical arguments seriously. I still stand that he is philosophically cranky in his defennse of ultrafinitism, even tho ultrafinitism itself has merit }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >His point is that anything with too high a kolmogorov complexity is basically unusable and therefore doesn't really exist anyway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are """numbers""" that you couldn't even describe if you used every particle in the known universe. Claiming such numbers really exist is a wild idea to begin with.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coauthor here. NJW is bravely speaking his truth, trying to convince his fellow mathematicians to come around. It's an academic debate; he's going against an entrenched orthodoxy. Try not to take it personally; diversity of thought is a sign of a healthy discipline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As for the Monthly, we had historical and research content and we wanted a bunch of mathematicians to see it, so we thought that the Monthly was a good choice. So yeah, check the Monthly. I did my best to assure the work is of the finest quality, as you can judge for yourself by actually reading it. It had no particular trouble getting through review at the Monthly; I have no idea how it would have fared at the Annals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NJW's retired; his old university put out a press release. That's the extent of the 'self' promotion. It made a huge difference. Check out the paper metrics. The paper was out for four weeks but no one noticed until the UNSW press release went out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >The Wild Berger is a legitimate, intelligent, serious mathematician. That said he is notorious for self-promotion of very non-mainstream ideas, and (worse) attacks on his fellow mathematicians as deluded. "Controversial" is a mild reaction. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >>why is that a crime??? They would call him deluded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Axioms are not philosophy. Ypur claim was "ill-defined" which is a formal mathematical claim, not a philosophical one. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "believing" on axioms can be philisophy if you think as something fundamental about truth or whatever, but if you consider just axioms as a set on a framework, then axioms aren't philisophy, they are arbitrary. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Countable infinity\u8217\'92 is not an bad because infinity is not a number; it is a size- the countable isn\u8217\'92t being applied to the notion of infinity bot to a set of elements within it.\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  but then the notion of infinity as \u8216\'91real\u8217\'92 when it is a size measure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - you can count from one element to another in a finite amount of time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See diagonal argument/correspondence from Cantor. You can generate another number expands upon interger infinity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, infinities somehow have different sizes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wierdness with set of all even numbers equaling size of set of all whole numbers. Evens can be squished down to correspond with wholes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Uncountable\u8217\'92 means counting from one element to another in an infinite amount of time.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hilbert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hotel - if there is a person in every room, why are you allowed to shift them over?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dan linsford- if a hotel is full in the sense that there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a guest in every room then you\u8217\'92re not going to be able to fit new guests in, yet hilbert\u8217\'92s hotel, even when full, can accommodate new guests so that\u8217\'92s supposed to be a kind of paradox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85if all the even guests leave, then you\u8217\'92ve still got an infinte number of guests left because all the odds are still left. Or if all numbers above four leave, then an infinite number left but you\u8217\'92re left with three.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Malpass- is the hotel full and also not full. The simple answer is that just looks like that because we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not careful to distninguish clearly what we mean by full. If full means every room in the hotel has a guest in it, then yes, obviously HIlbert\u8217\'92s hotel is full, but if full means the hotel cannot accommodate any new guests and obviously it\u8217\'92s not full because it can accomodate new guests and the point is just that, just take a finite hotel with 100 rooms, these two concepts are just the same, they\u8217\'92re co-extensive, so if every room is full then you can\u8217\'92t accommodate anyone, but these two concepts fall apart if the hotel has infinitely many rooms in it so what we have to do is keep track of the meaning of the term. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bijection (a one-to-one correspondence) from \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8469\'4E (the natural numbers) to \u8469\'4E without the first element (e.g., \{2, 3, 4, ...\}) is still possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is one of the strange but logically consistent features of countably infinite sets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What about the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91accomodate\u8217\'92. This implies a completeness. The infinite hotel cannot accomodate if it cannot be computedin a finite amount of time, because there is always a person who is being \u8216\'91excluded\u8217\'92 so to speak, as they are traveling between rooms. Same with guests \u8216\'91leaving\u8217\'92 the hotel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - a transient number }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Will these always be finite?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - fun to think about is that this is what we are, this is what reality is - particles and people waiting their turn as transient entities, popping into existence is actually popping out of infinity, and at some point all this matter will be rejoined with infinity.  May not be rejoined, because leaving the hotel is also possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a bit lick banach tarski paradox - we are the decomposition process of the infinite.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 every room is occupied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop us from reassigning every occupant to a different room using a function that is valid over an infinite set.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the core of Hilbert\u8217\'92s paradox \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  it doesn\u8217\'92t break logic, but it does break our finite intuitions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a kind of compatabilism between finitist and infinitist. Free will and determinism both assume some counterfactual, but if infinity is real and exists, than the question of free will/determinism completely dissovles away - all possible actions exist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Banach-tarski according to wildberger- }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://njwildberger.com/2015/12/03/the-banach-tarski-paradox-is-it-nonsense"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://njwildberger.com/2015/12/03/the-banach-tarski-paradox-is-it-nonsense}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Big problem for him is the axiom of choice - one can make an inifinite number of independent choices\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85don\u8217\'92t pretend you can do something that you can\u8217\'92t. You cannot make an infinite number of possible choices. You can\u8217\'92t say, \u8220\'93and now suppose that we make an infinite number of independent choices.\u8221\'94 That is just an empty phrase if we cannot support it in ways which we can observe and validate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but this infinite number of choices requires existence of a process, and the only thing we know is real is process - can finite math get necessary processes out of them? _\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  refine obv.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 **CREATION WAS A MISTAKE**}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Solraheen wanted to create more of the Spark. THis popped some number out of infinity into the finite. THere\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s no putting it back!!!!}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 BROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Completely unrelated, but I thought about cons who think society isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t real but money\u8217\'92s value very much is.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a nutshell we can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have completed infinities. An infinite process is ongoing, e.g. we can always add an element to an infinite set. But a set can\u8217\'92t be both completed and ongoing. If we ever imagine we\u8217\'92re really working with a completed infinite set, we\u8217\'92d be wrong, as more elements can always be added to it. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >There isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really worth in attacking AC (the Axiom of Choice) over the other ZF axioms. This is because if ZF is consistent then so is ZFC (that is, ZF + AC). This was shown by G\u246\'F6del. In fact, he did the following: Working only from the ZF axioms (no Axiom of Choice) he identified the \u8220\'93constructible universe\u8221\'94 L, which is a certain specific collection of sets (L is not a set itself, as it is too large), and he proved that inside L, all axioms of ZFC are true, and actually, there is a definable (and very natural) class well order of all sets. (The sets in L are all \u8220\'93constructed\u8221\'94, and the class well order is basically the order in which they are constructed. The construction takes place along the ordinals.) It follows that in L, AC is not only true (hence also the Banach-Tarski Paraodx), but AC is true in a very concrete manner. For example, working inside L, given any set A of non-empty sets, there is not only a choice function for A, but there is a natural \u8220\'93least\u8221\'94 such choice function for A, and this gives it a concrete definition from the parameter A. (The definition needs to be interpreted inside L.) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >Em: You are swallowing the standard cliches without even acknowledging that their meaning is questionable. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Axioms\u8221\'94 are here being bandied about without any consideration of whether or not they actually correspond to intuitively obvious facts\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 -that is the original, and correct, usage of the term. To give but one example; you refer to G\u246\'F6del\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93constructible universe\u8221\'94 L as \u8220\'93a certain specific collections of sets\u8221\'94. I would like you to show me L. Because I suspect L is about as real as the astral plane of Leprechaun dreamings. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >Let us consider the so-called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Law of Logical Honesty\u8221\'94: Don\u8217\'92t pretend that you can do something that you can\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think you violate this regularly. Can you make 2 independent choices? I doubt it. However, I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think you have ever defined what you mean by \u8220\'93independent\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93choice\u8221\'94. Set theory, which you frequently pooh pooh, does actually provide definitions of these notions. If you have defined these things, please reply here with references or definitions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >You say: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you violate this regularly. \u8221\'94 However, I don\u8217\'92t think you have ever defined what you mean by \u8220\'93violate\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93regularly\u8221\'94 etc etc. . }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ernst Zermelo }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I remember a story about a conversation with a finitist:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : Does the number 10 exist?}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : Well, obviously.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : What about the number 100?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : Yes, the number 100 exists.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : 1,000?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : [brief pause] Yes, 1000 exists.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : A million?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : [pauses for a full second] Yes, 1 million exists.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : A billion?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : [pauses for several seconds] Yes, 1 billion also exists.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : A trillion?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : ...}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : ...}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : ...}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : ...}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [A full minute passes.]}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : Yes, 1 trillion also exists.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The point is that they're not claiming there's a single "sharp cutoff". Constructivism (which includes finitism) is a very\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 computational}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~philosophy. A thing 'exists' only when you directly compute it.}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line [\endash ]{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 SizeMedium8189}}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~5 points\~24 days ago\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It does tend to get you out of an epistemological frying pan into an existentialist fire.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dicchotomy between what a computer can do and what mathematics claims - process is finite, relation to time,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Underlying discrete vs. Continuum.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Defining words according to logic - aristotelian first figure and second figure, third figure. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotelean logic:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All A are B - subject predicate group and relations.Deriving words from relations to other words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stoic logic:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Propositional  with logical connectives \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  implication, conjunction, disjunction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If P then Q}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both P and Q}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Either P or Q}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 *Exclusive or}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The five indemonsstrable forms. If p then q; p; therefore q}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Law of excluded middle - Is the statement P or not P necessarily true? It depends on who you ask.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The universe is infinite, or it is not infinite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It might be that if we are incapable of understanding the validity of the individual statements, we are not in a position to understand the meaning of the conjunction two statements.- ??? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotle: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab A sea battle will take place tomorrow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab A sea battle will not take place tomorrow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Is P or not P true -today-?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The temporal aspect of truth  - we tend to view truth statements as time-indexed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The megarian school - euclides of megara}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Modal logic: Propositions are qualified in various ways, e.g. possiblities}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 David Wallace and Sean Carroll}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZusCQdM6ovw"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZusCQdM6ovw}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arrow of time - you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make a change that impacts the past, but can the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Entropy - number of states of disorder is larger than order.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The past hypothesis - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wrong way to say it: the early universe was in a very low entropy state. If one assumes that, one gets the direction fo time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wrong because, however low entropy started, it could have ended up even lower. The issues of time reversability are still there. It could have fluctuated to a lower entropy state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, given that initial state, it was equally likely to be in any of the microscopic states that correspond to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So it is super unlickly to fluctuate to an even lower entropy state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But once you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve said, given the macrostate of the early universe, it was equally likely to be in any of the microstates corresponding to it, I don\u8217\'92t think anything more is gained in terms of explaining the arrow of time by adding that this early state was a very low entropy state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This introduces the problem of macrostates - what are these? We can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t distinguish between different microstates in a room, so we bundle them together as a macrostate. Is this legitimate? E.g. actual distribution of stars vs average distribution according to statistical mechanics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91clean\u8217\'92 definitino of macrostates is one that this is the level of description in which you can get robust, autonomous, self-contained, dynamical story. A coarse grained description of the air molecules in the room can tell how this system will evolve, provided you know initial state at that coarse grain level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We have equations tat tell us what water does, without having to know the location of every molecule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What does the fact that ice cubes melt and then don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t unmlet tell us about why we can remember the past and not the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The way we predict the eclipses in 1000 years time is exactly same we would retrodict eclipses 1000 years ago. But mostly, you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t retrodict macroscopic laws. If I\u8217\'92ve got my cup with a little bit of ice in cold water, I can predict pretty reliably the rate at which the ice will melt. I can\u8217\'92t retrodict which ice cubes were there before, how they were put in, that information is essentially lost. Maybe the microphysics still knows it, but at this higher level of description, that information is lost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So at some level, these ways in which dynamics are irreversible and information losing, are also in the business of distributing stuff across space and not bringing them back in, these are the kinds of features of dynamics that show that information processing is going to have to have a clear distinction between the way it treats the past and the future. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ve ever worked out how the details of that are going to go. Why does that general asymmetry process specifically lead to the fact that we are putting down records about the past and making partially reliabe predictions about the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sean: there is a naive tension between the idea that there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disspation as time goes on, but as a person I feel I am learning things. SO there\u8217\'92s some local increas in the amount I know about the past, and that\u8217\'92s going to be tricky to reconcile. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the same token there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the fact that entropy always seems to go up, and we head towards equilibrium, and the fact that I personally am not at equilbrium and don\u8217\'92t expect to be for some decades. I am not a clay system, I can maintain low entropy by dumping entropy into teh world around me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you think all the differences between past and future are a result of this thermodynamic gradient, well if someone puts you in a refridgerator, and your entropy starts going down, do you suddenly remember the future and not the past? Is it possible to completely reverse the arrow of time locally?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Entropy is not the sole measure of irreversibility. In entropy terms, all process are still generating entropy, its just that were taking a thwacking big chunk of entropy out of your system by moving local bits of your body that are at equilibrium to bits that are at equilibrium at a lower temp. So the crude indicator of entropy gradient is accurately capturing the dynamics of the underlying systems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quantum - assymetry of measurement cannot be cleanly distinguished from statistical mechanical asymmetry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See 1:11:40}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wants to go with many worlds interpretation. Which is the idea that quantum mechanics actually maintains all superpositions, and the fact that it looks as if we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got one of the possible outcomes at once instead of all at the same time is simply perspectival. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Decoherence - sounds most similar to this hilbert hotel idea - something is pushing in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You cant demand too much precision of treating gases in a box as a fluid instead of a box of atoms. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s systematically true that emergent accounts have fuzz and slightly blurry boundaries, and no sharp, exact rules as to where you divide them up. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OBJECTIVE COLLAPSE THEORIES}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Penrose\endash Hameroff \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Orchestrated Objective Reduction\u8221\'94 (Orch-OR)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consciousness plays a role in reducing quantum possibilities into definite reality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Collapse is not just physical but involves a non-computable process possibly tied to Platonic mathematical structures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The infinite realm = timeless Platonic world of forms and possibilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finite conscious experiences "emerge" via orchestrated collapse events.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Penrose postulates that "something beyond standard quantum mechanics" governs collapse, possibly rooted in mathematical infinity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Platonic or Ontic Structural Realism Interpretations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reality is fundamentally mathematical or structural rather than physical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wave function represents an infinite, abstract mathematical object.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What we perceive as a "finite physical world" is a projection or slice of that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ordinals vs. Cardinals:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ordinals and cardinals are different ways to measure the "size" of sets. Cardinality refers to the number of elements in a set, while ordinals describe the order of elements. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finite Ordinals:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The finite ordinals are the natural numbers: 0, 1, 2, 3, and so on. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u969\'3F (Omega) as the First Infinite Ordinal:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the last finite ordinal (which is conceptually approached but never reached by the natural numbers), we encounter the first infinite ordinal, denoted by \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u969\'3F (omega)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}