{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One religion is True and the rest are False. This categorization satisfies most }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 instincts}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , but some aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t content with a simple dichotomy so they further divide the world\u8217\'92s religions through a rigorous analysis of the similarities and differences of belief and behavior. When the common threads of identity are identified, and the heredity of belief is charted, one\u8217\'92s own religion usually remains in a category all its own, above the rest, because there is always that one big important thing that separates it from the pretenders and makes it True. It certainly feels like a proof to be able to say, 'every other religion in the world believes something-other, and we're the only one that believes this-certain-something, and that\u8217\'92s why we are right.'}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solitants come specially prepared for battle in this arena. When they proselytize to the fractured, they open with the observation that every single religion in existence begins with a story that explains the origin of suffering. The Supine Cult believes that there are two gods, one good, one bad, and all suffering comes from the latter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how original. The Bavainu believe that suffering is a result of one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own evil acts, or one\u8217\'92s ancestors. The Shell Kings believe that suffering is a symptom of Shellkhashar, which is a kind of spiritual disease which dulls virtuous instinct. There are a hundred more religions, with a hundred variations each, and in every instance, the story of suffering\u8217\'92s arrival is accompanied by a solution for it. The Supine Cult tells their followers to lay down and pray their energy into the sky to make it stronger, for that is where the righteousness dwells. The Bavainu say that if you live rightly and follow their ancient laws, your life will be a happy one. The Shell Kings recommend drinking the blood of a willing virgin mixed in with a mind melting toxin found in a sea snail\u8217\'92s shell. Every religion has its own solution to suffering, they\u8217\'92re all in that category, every one of them is peddling relief\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all of them except for the Solitants.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Solitants offer no solution to life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s troubles. "We\u8217\'92re the only ones who believe that suffering is not something to fear," a Solitant priest will say. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Suffering is what this is all about!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He or she then smiles, and the smile accentuates the self-inflicted scar on their cheek which marks the rite of initiation into Solitant orders. Some Solitants can't get enough of it, and they smile underneath a mask of scars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the rare event that a Solitant priest happens upon an eager pagan ear, they will go on to argue that the notion of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Life without suffering\u8217\'92 is a rather profound category error. "Life }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  suffering", they say. "Try to suffer without suffering." They laugh because it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make any sense. Truly, the Divine Spark is like a block of sculptor's stone. It is clean, abstract, inert, featureless\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and then comes the sculptor's chisel. As the chisel carves away at the stone to find the statue, so too does pain carve away at the Spark to find the person. What troubles our fleshy vessels is what makes us who we are. Solitants are so convinced of this that they\u8217\'92ve invented an entire language dedicated to capturing and expressing the subtleties and varieties of pain so that they could systematize the art of becoming a certain kind of person through proper application of pain. They are artists of the Self and their chisel is pain. Solraheen guides the hammer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This invented language was necessary because typical Hrkan speech has only the one word\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pain. If a person says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am in pain,\u8221\'94 there\u8217\'92s no way to know, precisely, what they mean. Did this person stub their toe, or did a loved one just die? Have their bowels been blocked for days? The word \u8216\'91pain\u8217\'92 can be accompanied by all manner of adjectives and intensifiers, but the fact remains that states of being which are not at all alike are using the same word. Even Old Jandri has separate monosyllables for physical, and then mental, pain. The words \u8216\'91anguish\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91ache\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91soreness\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91irritation\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91misery\u8217\'92 all approach different things, but they\u8217\'92re not nearly enough to cover the spectrum. Intrepid Solitant linguists go as far as to claim that the very structure of Hrkan speech stunts the growth of pain appreciation, because a mind can\u8217\'92t develop a sensitivity to certain flavors of agony if the world is divided up into subject, verb, and object, for when the Self is disassociated from the action and the cause, grand vistas of becoming become hidden from sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandrameen heard all this once, and never gave it a second thought. In his view, pain was best expressed through the natural language of gesture, as Solraheen intended. In breadth of expression, the face is far, far superior to the Solitant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rule-governed, rasping utterances. Of what use is a fuzzy word when you can see the pain written on the face clear as day? Observe the eye and brow of a person in pain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is there languor, lethargy, an imploring look for help? Impatience, anxiety? Is the skin knit tight, is it smooth, is it beaded with sweat? Is the eye\u8217\'92s lid puffy or hollow? Are the cheeks wet or dry, dark or pale, sallowing brown, or purple, or yellow? Then there\u8217\'92s the body. All the little tremors of the body eventually work themselves up into the face. The lower back knots up, the shoulders spasm, the neck curls, and finally the lips draw tight and the teeth gnash their havoc. A trained eye can look at another in pain and know, without words, the entirety of their inner world. The holy language of the Solitants is redundant, and no argument could convince Mandri otherwise. He knew what he knew, and that included what everyone else knew, and much more besides. He couldn\u8217\'92t be wrong. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unfortunately, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never been bitten by a demon before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pain from the demon bite in his thigh was so intense that the slightest pressure elicited a scream. The skin around the already black wound was taut and throbbing, a drumhead reverberating pain. Moto tried to make him walk, but that was impossible, so Moto had to carry him. Moto tossed Mandrameen atop his pack, and with each step that Moto took, Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s raw wound chafed against Moto\u8217\'92s shoulder, sending a fresh wave of excruciating pain into Mandri\u8217\'92s groin and hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If Mandri had the right word in the right language then he might have been able to communicate to Moto the seriousness of what was happening. Instead, Mandri could only avail himself of all the usual, ineffective, figures of speech.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God damnit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God damns most things. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It hurts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What in this life doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s killing me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re all dying anyway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto trotted along the Pitted Portion, and every now and then he expressed his unconcern with an annoyed snort. Since Mandri lacked the word to adequately describe the nature of his pain, he was forced to make one up. After a particularly brutal fit, he stiffened up and screamed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93EeeauuughhhGoddamnyousonofahukgukuk!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93You did this to yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You shit!\u8221\'94 screamed Mandri. \u8220\'93You-uueeauughhhhh!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You-uueeauughhhhh was no exaggeration. It was actually quite close to a word in the Solitant language, pronounced \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91yoogah\u8217\'92, and if Moto had the ear for it, he would have stopped and immediately administered the most tender care. Instead, he kept on walking, and Mandri fainted again from the torture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri woke up several hands later to a clear night sky of starry black. Chattering voices swirled around his barely conscious mind. He assumed that one of those voices was Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. Maybe one of them was his. The only thing he knew for certain was that he was still bouncing atop Moto\u8217\'92s shoulders, still marching through the Sand. By now his leg was numb, and he could feel the demon\u8217\'92s poison gnawing at his chest, constricting his heart and lungs. Every breath was a labor. He fainted again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He woke up the next day when Moto leaned back and dropped Mandri from a height like a camel dropping dung. Mandri landed hard on his wounded thigh and the shock jerked him alert. He let loose a gargled curse, rolled around a little, clenching his teeth against the pain, trying to find some twist of hip and spine that could give him some relief. The most comfortable position, he found, was to lay all the way back and shift most of his weight onto his right ass cheek. That took the pressure off the bundle of nerves that were exploding in his left thigh. It was enough, at least, to give his reeling mind the space to understand that he was still alive and that feeling had returned to his extremities. He could breathe. He was not dead. Damn it all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Through the demon-clawed hole in his robe he could see that his affected thigh had been poulticed and bandaged, though it was poorly done, as the brown woolen wraps were ragged and splitting apart. A few sturdy threads were all that was holding the spongy dried-green weeds together. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After another few fingers of hard wincing, Mandri recovered his wits. He saw that the reason Moto dropped him was because they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d arrived at some accursed destination\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an enormous black rock sitting in the middle of a flat and barren sandy landscape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was astonished by the sight of it. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just any big rock, it was a single, uncrumbled, uncracked, rock, like if he picked up a palm-sized rock off the ground and then scaled that up to the size of Hrkan tower, that\u8217\'92s what it was. Rocks that big in the Sand tend to look like old, slumping things that have been half-melted by the sun, but this rock, this biggest of all boulders, was a healthy, oblong rock. And more astonishing was that it balanced above the Sand on its belly. So unnatural and precarious was its position that it seemed a strong blast of wind should be able to pick the whole thing up and send it tumbling along the desert floor. Mandri felt like }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  could even move it, that if he stood next to it and gave a hearty push, he could get it rolling. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sitting as it was in an empty desert landscape, with no other rocky eminence in sight, well, that made it seem like the rock had been deliberately placed there by the hand of Solraheen. Surely, it was a holy site.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was stooped over to a big pile of the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haulings. Evidently everyone else had simply tossed their stuff together before heading off to who knows where. Mandri looked for a pit, but there was none that he could see. There were only two other Ayramun present, dour looking men, milling about the pack heap. Moto unstrapped his own pack and tossed on top of the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He asked the two millers, in an accusing tone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you two doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been looking for you,\u8221\'94 said one of them, a Zosan whose only distinguishing feature was a polished brass hoop wrapped tight around his neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks to me like you've been tickling dick,\u8221\'94 Moto replied. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We got told to look for you, and here we are, lookin right at you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto nodded towards Mandri and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, now you can look at }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 him}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Make sure he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t go and do something stupid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about we take you to Ayram, as we been ordered to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shrugged and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lead on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The three men walked off towards the giant black rock. They walked around it, and then disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so concerned about where they went because he was busy nursing that meager relief that he\u8217\'92d twisted himself into.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He decided then that he well and truly hated Moto. This was more than the flippant hate he doled out to everyone and no one in particular. He tried to recall the words to an Old Jandri curse that could kill a callous man Moto, but the pain in his leg was a powerful amnestic. He then set about preparing the ground around him so that he could more comfortably wallow in his self-pity. Eventually, he decided to shimmy over to the pile of packs so that he could lean against it and watch that enigmatic rock, and as soon as he did, something on the other side of the pile groaned, right from where those dullards had been standing earlier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t walk towards the sound, so he crawled, and he crawled right up onto the pile of packs because a straight line is the shortest. Thankfully, this pile was a remarkably comfortable assortment of squishy bags, and once on top of this heap he spied the thing that made the noise\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a lump of dark and dusty rags laying in the sand a few feet away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dragged himself closer to get a better look at it. He was careful not to disrupt the tenuous peace he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d negotiated between himself and the wound in his thigh. As soon as the pain flared up he stopped moving altogether. He nestled his elbow into a bag of grain, and let his hip sink gently into an inside-out goat bladder stuffed with jerky. Now that he was comfortably reclined, he was free to annoy that pile of black rags just below him. They were Mazidobo\u8217\'92s rags, and the lump they covered was the right size for a handless, legless, Mazid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt around underneath him for something to poke Obo with. His searching fingers settled on an empty waterskin. He threw it at Obo, and the limp waterskin flapped harmlessly off the shrouded lump and dropped with a slap into the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re there,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He waited, but no response came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dug around in the pile for something else to throw. He was so tickled by all the little outland trinkets, stone beads, thumbstick idols of gods he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know, that he almost didn\u8217\'92t register the dull, snapping crack of bone as Obo\u8217\'92s black rags twitched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You okay?\u8221\'94 he asked the rags, but again, there was no answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Out of the pile, Mandri pulled a tight ball of twine. He tossed it underhand, and when it landed on that pile of rags they sighed. A moment later, and another crack of bone sounded out and the rags twitched again, this time loosing a strap of robe to reveal a pale shoulder. Mandri watched, half in terror, half in curiosity as Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pale and hairless head emerged from that mass of tattered robes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo suddenly sat up, and his robes fell away to reveal a scrawny, bruised, and broken body. Mandri had seen some awful sights, but watching this pale Mazid use his blood-nub of an arm to find and fix a dislocated rib was something else entirely. And judging by the sorry state of Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ragged robes, and the bloody abrasions splotching his rawbone shoulders, he hadn\u8217\'92t been carried through the desert like Mandri, he\u8217\'92d been dragged along its floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Despite all the abuse, Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood was ordinary. He sat up and stretched what was left of his arms and legs as if he were a cat waking up from a nap. He twisted around to draw out the kinks of his spine, and as he did, Mandri noticed a thin scar running all the way up the middle of his back. It was a seam, as if Obo\u8217\'92s skin were somehow sewn onto his flesh, and this seam split at the base of his skull and circled around his ears. Then Obo\u8217\'92s stretch suddenly popped every single one of his vertebrae in rapid succession, causing Mandri\u8217\'92s own spine to stiffen up in sympathetic fright, a sudden jerk that unleashed a fresh wave of torture radiating out of his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped. Obo smiled like a leerbat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you smiling at?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m happy to have some company that doesn\u8217\'92t want to ruin me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo took up his robes in his mouth and scooted himself closer to the pile of the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s packs, and as he leaned himself up against them, he caught Mandri staring at his drawn-and-quartered body, so he spat out his robe and covered himself up as if it were a blanket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should save that anxious look for yourself. I smell death on you. You are rushing up on corpsehood quite quickly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at his poorly poulticed leg and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I made it through the worst of it. Last night I could hardly breathe, but now I can breathe just fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t believe me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I might.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was bit by a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said you wouldn\u8217\'92t believe me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been seeing a lot of demons lately.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, that\u8217\'92s the first one I\u8217\'92ve ever seen. I thought they were all gone to be honest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The last time you saw a demon, it was me. I don\u8217\'92t mean to upset you, but, I think it\u8217\'92s worth appreciating that there could be a distinction between what you saw, and your interpretation of what you saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced hard as the pain in his leg reared and seared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should let me look at the wound,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I may be able to do something for the pain. I won\u8217\'92t know for sure unless I see it first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri paused to consider what it was that Obo was planning to do to him. Despite Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s calm and generally amicable demeanor, there was no getting past the fact that Obo looked like a creature who wriggled around in caves. Obo\u8217\'92s ugly paleness was upsetting enough, but the absence of eyebrows, those signposts of the Spark, made it impossible to ascertain the intentions hidden behind his shine-silver eyes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the pain in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg was stupid, and Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t think of many things worse than something stupid that refuses to go away, so he huffed and puffed and rolled himself down to where Obo sat. Once he\u8217\'92d gotten himself as comfortable as he could be, he rolled up the hem of his robe, and that\u8217\'92s when fear took hold of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Above his knee, all the many veins in his thigh ran black as ink, and nearer to the loose poultice, those black veins were bulging above his pallid skin like nightworms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gingerly unwrapped the long strip of wool that held the poultice in place. The various weedy leaves and lichens that composed the meat of the poultice were moist and spongy, and he was able to flick most of it into his open palm easily enough, but the rest he had to pluck, for the pulped leaf stems closer to the flesh were caked in a gooey dark-brown emulsion of infected blood and poultice paste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try to clean it up,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks. That\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri kept picking until all that was left was the terrifying sight of a day-old demon bite. The edges of this fang-scalloped wound were festering and black, and this jagged ring of necrotic flesh enclosed a puddle of that brown emulsion, which had, in parts, been scraped away to reveal the red-raw muscle of his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Opening the wound to the air reinvigorated it. Though the pain was extreme, it still looked worse than it felt. What really got Mandri worried was how his inky black veins spidered up his thigh and in towards his crotch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s see the full extent of it\u8221\'94, Obo said as he leaned over the affected area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I don\u8217\'92t want to know what my uglies look like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How does your chest feel?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up and do what you\u8217\'92re gonna do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo studied the wound with an impassive gaze, eyes darting from detail to detail, as if he were a dealer appraising an old vase and the particular texture and color of a scab could help him determine authenticity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eventually Obo pulled back and said flatly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t do anything for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is the strangest bite wound I\u8217\'92ve ever seen. I\u8217\'92m half inclined to believe your story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said you could help with the pain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tell me you lied.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Mazid never lies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bullshit, you lie all the time.\u8221\'94 Mandri slapped the weedy poultice back onto his wound, and he did his best to re-roll that ragged strip of wool around it. When he was done, he leaned back against the mound of packs and tried to decide if Obo was worth the trouble of talking to. On the one hand, talking was a chore because Mandri\u8217\'92s throat was dry, and on the other hand, there were things Mandri wanted to know, and Obo seemed like he knew almost anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know what this place is?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, nodding towards the giant black rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I overheard an Ayramun call it Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wonder why it\u8217\'92s called that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The name suggests it\u8217\'92s a place for these bandits to mint counterfeit coins away from the prying eyes. But I\u8217\'92ve seen such places before and this one is different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For one, most illegal mints are hidden near a spring. There is no spring here, so far as I can tell. And this rock, it\u8217\'92s too imposing to be a mere bandit\u8217\'92s den. It possesses a numinous beauty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It does, doesn\u8217\'92t it? As if it were thrown down from the heavens. If it were blacker than it is, I\u8217\'92d call it a boulder of Fabled Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that. It\u8217\'92s granite.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would say it\u8217\'92s a holy site, but these Ayramun are too crude for it. Especially Moto. The man is an ass. The man is a donkey wearing human skin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My admittedly limited impression of the man was that he was one of the smarter ones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sighed and tried to calm himself by pulling out a small bag of spicy jerked beef from the mound of things. He popped one of these slips of beef into his mouth and tucked it into his cheek to let its flavors fix him. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto\u8217\'92s not smart. He can speak well enough, but that doesn\u8217\'92t mean anything. He\u8217\'92s as dumb as the rest of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not so bad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I couldn\u8217\'92t disagree more. They\u8217\'92re cruel. That\u8217\'92s an easy way to know if someone is stupid\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are they cruel? Look at what they\u8217\'92ve done to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 said Obo, wiggling his stumps under his rags. \u8220\'93I think that Ayram was right to do what he did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was waiting for a sarcastic wink but it never came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He chopped off your legs,\u8221\'94 he said bitterly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m thankful he showed such restraint,\u8221\'94 said Obo. Still no wink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri started to chew on his jerky because if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t he thought he would scream from the pain in his leg. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll never be able to walk again,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Should I be angry about that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! You should! I\u8217\'92m angry }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 for}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  you. I tell you what, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll hate the Ayramun for the both of us. They deserve it for what they\u8217\'92ve done to you, and for what they\u8217\'92ve done to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought a demon did that to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wagged his finger at Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose and said, \u8220\'93If that ass Moto didn\u8217\'92t tie me up and throw me into a lizard pit, I never would have gotten bit. Believe me, these people are half-demons themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re only cruel because the Sand is cruel. If you\u8217\'92d been caught up by Kalemites, you\u8217\'92d have been eaten, and the one to consume your stomach would today be wearing your sacrum strapped onto his forehead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would have preferred that,\u8221\'94 Mandri said with a wry grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 said Obo, dryly. \u8220\'93But the pain will pass, one way or another.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged, and the pair of them continued to sit in silence. Mandri chewed his way to the bottom of the small bag of jerky, when Obo, out of nowhere, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, do you hate me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was completely sincere. He asked again, \u8220\'93Do you hate Mazidai?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri kept chewing his last bit of beef, savoring the unfamiliar blend of spices. Some strange pepper in it. Definitely a heap of salt. He was getting thirsty now. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d like some water. He shrugged and said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve only got enough hate in me for all of humanity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s not any left over for a Mazid that\u8217\'92s been cut down to size. You\u8217\'92ve got no arms or legs so, it\u8217\'92s not like you can do anything to me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or anyone for that matter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve still got my Mazidfire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but you can\u8217\'92t control it, can you? I mean if you really want\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Mandri paused to lick his fingers. \u8220\'93If you really want, I could hate you a little bit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was hoping we could be friends instead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri laughed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re serious?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, a little hatred won\u8217\'92t get in the way of a good friendship. I don\u8217\'92t know if you know this, but friendship doesn\u8217\'92t actually require us to like each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was under the impression that it did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d be wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How does that work? I thought the purpose of friendship was to make life less miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s one way of putting it. Put another way, it\u8217\'92s an exchange of comfort predicated on self-interest. We don\u8217\'92t actually need to like each other to do that. Believe me, friendship\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  friendship like you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re thinking of\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s an illusion. It doesn\u8217\'92t exist. When one half starts to suffer, the other half stops lending comfort as soon as it becomes inconvenient. Like if it\u8217\'92s too much trouble for me to help you out, I\u8217\'92ll be gone. Don\u8217\'92t look so glum, it goes both ways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems simpler to say that the one friend who gives up on the other wasn\u8217\'92t a friend to begin with than to deny the whole concept of friendship altogether.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You say that, but\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92ll put it this way, I\u8217\'92ve never actually }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 seen}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a person willing to sacrifice something meaningful, against their own interest, in a time of need. Unless it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s for family. Family blood makes people insane.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would disagree, but only because I can\u8217\'92t challenge your own experiences with my own as I have none to share.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, you\u8217\'92ve never had a true friend because they don\u8217\'92t exist. But let\u8217\'92s not get caught up in semantics here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if you\u8217\'92re too attached to the word \u8216\'91friendship\u8217\'92, we can call it something else. Let\u8217\'92s call it hateship. You and I, we have a budding hateship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you hate me as a person, then I accept, because most people don\u8217\'92t even consider me to be a person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri groaned at Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clumsy appeal for pity, and he said, \u8220\'93Oh, come on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re laying it on way too thick, Obo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might be able to fool these outland pokes, but I\u8217\'92m a different breed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you mean,\u8221\'94 Obo repeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s see\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you don\u8217\'92t feel pain, you don\u8217\'92t feel anger, and I very much doubt you feel compassion. You\u8217\'92ve already tried to run away from these pokes once, but you were caught and got your legs chopped off. You\u8217\'92re not talking to me right now because you want a friend. What you\u8217\'92re doing is you\u8217\'92re scheming}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 , }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 and your schemes would stand better chances if you had arms and legs, but since you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have any, I\u8217\'92m the next best thing. You can\u8217\'92t exactly go running off into the Sand, but I can!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can run on that leg?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, no. It\u8217\'92s the principle of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must be the most skeptical creature that ever breathed a thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do feel compassion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen a Mazid kill a hundred-score in a heartbeat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The massacre of Gudrk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gudrk was two hundred years ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw it in a painting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 said Obo with a scoff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But am I wrong? You say you never lie, so answer me that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong about what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That the only reason you\u8217\'92re talking to me is because you want to use me for whatever escape you\u8217\'92re scheming up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo paused to consider his words carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a simple yes or no,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo tilted his head back and forth as if to weigh some heavy decision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How should I say this...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By saying yes, or no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll say this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I am talking to you because I wish to explore the potential of our relationship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no plans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  is a lie.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no plans }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 yet,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Obo with a mischievous grin. \u8220\'93First I have to discover what Ayram wants with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it obvious?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not particularly, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These are outland pokes, Obo. What does every outland poke want? To a man and woman, they want Hrk destroyed. And you\u8217\'92re a Mazid. You possess the most destructive power known to man. They captured you because they want to use you against your masters. That\u8217\'92s why Ayram was so upset when his girl couldn\u8217\'92t control you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that is Ayram\u8217\'92s plan then it will fail and he will die. I\u8217\'92m certain there is more to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s true, they won\u8217\'92t admit it to me. They won\u8217\'92t even tell me why }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  out here.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is strange, isn't it? I\u8217\'92ve been trying to figure out your role in all of this. These Ayramun aren\u8217\'92t in a position to accommodate a freeloader, so I don\u8217\'92t understand why they would haul you around, or why they brought you back from the dead in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably some old desert superstition,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, thinking back to the old demon witch who\u8217\'92d started this all in the first place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I thought too,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93But superstition will only carry you so far with these people. I\u8217\'92d like to give you some advice, as a friend\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 try and make yourself useful. I know that will be difficult, considering your injury, but you have to try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what about you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention was jerked towards Minting Rock. Mandri looked and saw nothing but the rock itself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Though he knew that must be stirring because Obo could hear things, perhaps see things, that nobody else could. Mandri tried to discern if it was good or bad news by studying Obo\u8217\'92s gaunt face as he strained his preternatural senses. But Obo\u8217\'92s blank face gave nothing away unless he wanted to. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The stage is set,\u8221\'94 Obo finally said. \u8220\'93We will have to hold the discussion here.\u8221\'94\line Without a word of clarification, Obo stuffed the hem of his tattered robe into his mouth and stump-shuffled himself back to the spot where he lay before. He plopped himself down flat and then covered himself back up with his black tatters so that it looked like he\u8217\'92d never moved at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gave Mandi one last whisper, muffled through folds of his robe, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pretend that we never spoke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I gathered that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then there came a loud whistle from the direction of Minting Rock, a fingers in the mouth whistle, bright as a bright-beak\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s call.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A heartbeat later, and people began to tumble out one by one from around Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly. First one, then three, then seven of them, and then the giant Ayram. Each in turn took off jogging towards Mandri and the pile of dumped goods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first to reach him was the short, brusque man named Hill. Hill pushed Mandri over, casually ignoring Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s agonized hoot. He picked up the pack that Mandri had been laying against. He then gave Mandri the most disapproving look, as if he\u8217\'92d just heard the most vicious rumor, and he trotted back towards Minting Rock. The rest did much the same, they picked up as much stuff as they could reasonably carry and hauled it back to their hiding place. Ayram was the only one to stay. He stood right over Mandri and his great big head and round bushy beard blotted out the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Such was the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s size that Mandri felt humbled, and humbling Mandri was no easy feat. No matter how big or intelligent someone seemed, it could never erase the fact that they were only human\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an impulsive, excitable, self-interested human. Ayram, though, his dimensions exceeded the frame of reasonable expectations, so when Mandri, buried in the man\u8217\'92s shadow, looked up, he saw all the familiar features of a man but did not match the pattern as a person. Ayram was greater. Somehow more solid. A reference point for being, like an old tree, or a father in the eyes of a son.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto! Get over here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was one of the Ayramun who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been scrambling around, hauling all those packs towards Minting Rock. He was about halfway back, hugging a bulging sack of sand-dried beets when he heard Ayram shout his name. He immediately dropped the sack and then jogged on over to see what the fuss was about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was happy to see that Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sense of control was gone. And there was a faint swipe-stain of blood from Mandri\u8217\'92s thigh on the shoulder of Moto\u8217\'92s formerly speckless garb. Mandri knew it wouldn\u8217\'92t wash out easily, and while it wasn\u8217\'92t justice, it did give Mandri a flutter of joy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain,\u8221\'94 Ayram said as he pointed to Mandri\u8217\'92s leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s as I said. The boy got bit by a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the thigh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was trying to run away from me and he jumped into a lizard pit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No I didn\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted. \u8220\'93The oaf threw me in!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grunted at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s outburst, and Mandri found himself struck by a silly thought\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was the first time that Ayram had ever heard his voice. Ayram seemed to find it funny.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said to Moto, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain why this boy was running away from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shrugged his shoulders and shook his head as if hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the faintest idea. Ayram glared at him, clearly expecting an answer, and so Moto made up some bullshit about Mandri trying to escape. The man got his whole body involved in the lie, and Mandri was familiar with the technique\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when faced with real consequences, the whole body has got to get involved to sell the lie. All that powerful gesticulating, it wasn\u8217\'92t really about selling the lie, it was Moto letting about letting Ayram know that he was going to cause a fuss if he was called out on the lie, and if Ayram thought that fuss would be more trouble then the whole thing is worth, Moto might just get away with it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto finished by extending his arms all the way out the sky and declaring, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy\u8217\'92s an idiot! He doesn\u8217\'92t think. He\u8217\'92s got a dirty Spark. You should have seen it, the demon was chewing on his leg and he didn\u8217\'92t even try to fight the thing off. Chopper had to jump in and save him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knew he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t speak out of turn so he was forced to resort to an incredulous gasp. With each word that Moto spoke, Mandrameen\u8217\'92s face scrunched up tighter and tighter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he made every effort short of squealing to let Ayram know that Moto was lying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said to Moto, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t do what I told you to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could I?\u8221\'94 Moto griped. \u8220\'93Ask him whatever you want! The boy has no will to live.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have time for this. Take the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was all too happy to be released from this mess, so he hurried off to where Obo lay, and he pulled the Mazid up and tucked him under the arm, and then he took off towards Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Ayram turned to Mandri. His arms were crossed and his fingers were tapping out his frustration out against his elbows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was an ill omen, finding you dead in the hills. It took my witch a whole hand to convince me that your Spark was worth rekindling. When a man is brought back from the dead, sometimes, he comes back changed. Some come back corrupted. They\u8217\'92re agents of Shis. Is that what you are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The mention of Shis triggered in Mandri the memory of Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hidden basement, that black painting, and that black head. He tried to block these thoughts out of his mind because he felt that Ayram\u8217\'92s wild eyes were reading his thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you walk?\u8221\'94 asked Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can try,\u8221\'94 Mandri answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri rolled onto his stomach and pushed himself up onto his good knee, and from there, he stood up. His bad leg was as stiff as a board, though he was determined to walk on his own for he knew it would not go well for him if he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t carry his own weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took a step and shuddered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I can walk, but I might be able to hobble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make your way into the rock,\u8221\'94 he said. He reached down and grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s left arm and his great hand swallowed it up for the width of it matched the length of Mandri\u8217\'92s entire bicep. His gigantic fingers encircled the arm a whole half over. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you try to walk. A Shisgazok would make himself a burden.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With Mandri steadied, Ayram let go, and he moved to retrieve the last items from the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pile, and then he set off stomping, back towards Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hopped after him but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep up. His left leg still couldn\u8217\'92t bear even the slightest amount of weight. It felt like his thigh bone had splintered, and every shuffling hop sent sharp white shards stabbing into the meat of his thigh. But it was not a great distance, so he soldiered on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As he went he thought of the Solitants and their sacred tortures. He wondered if they had a word for the particular arc of sensations that a demon bite inflicts. He wondered what this pain would do to him, what kind of man it would make him if he toughed it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked out over the empty Sand and recalled a painting titled, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Oneness with the divine\u8217\'92. It depicted a flayed Solitant lying on a rack, his skin completely unwrapped from his body, his bare anatomy exposed to the haze of incense floating around the dark room. This mortification was a ritual performed by only the most desperate adherents. It was an attempt to confront the Self with the truth that there was no edge between it and the rest of reality. The logic here was as crude as the operation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as there is a natural inclination to see the skin as being the boundary of the Self, removing the skin would leave the Self with nothing to contain it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri always thought that the ecstasy depicted in Solitant's face was put there by the artist. It was not possible that a person could remain conscious through such an ordeal. And Mandri refused to accept that a ritual flensing could lead a person to righteousness. What kind of world would he be living in if that were true? Such a place could only be called Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stepped into the shadow of Minting Rock and pressed his hand against the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cold belly. He pushed as hard as he could. He didn\u8217\'92t expect to be able to push it over, but he had to satisfy his curiosity. It really did seem like if he stood there long enough, the thing would roll over and squish him like a bug. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The way inside was not cut into the rock itself but into the earth underneath it. This hole, this fissure, looked far too much like that drag-belly den, or rather, that demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s den. Still, there was no way but forwards, so he hitched on downwards into the earth. This passage soon led him into a dead end of undressed stone stacked haphazardly like an old goatherd's fence. Above him, high up, was a circle of daylight. It seemed as if he were at the bottom of a dried-up well that had been carved all the way through the core of Minting Rock itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From above, a voice shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grab the rope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri fumbled about in the darkness and his hand stumbled upon a rope. He held on tight as he was hauled up into this building\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach.}}