{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  in the shadow of the tower, was Ayram and Elrahet, and further out, prancing on the glowing red-orange sand was the white horse and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grey-robed rider, who cradled a black-robed child.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Flowing out of them all was goldness, purpose made maniefst, and this goldness was swimming under the sand, churning in the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow and breathing out the tower itself. It sparkled the stone of the window-sill under Mandri\u8217\'92s fingers}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The figures below were stuck in dynamic, limb-bent postures, seemingly fixed by the golden thread into a golden pyramidal frame\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram and Elrahet anchored bottom corners, the scribe on his white horse towered into a point. This was true purpose here, not to be mistaken for mere symbolism, no, the scribe, he did not represent Hrkan power advantaged on a proud steed, he was that power, and in his lap was the Riga child, the very embodiment of Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assault on the sanctity of creation. Ayram was not a symbol of the outland peoples, he was their paragon, and standing next to him was Elrahet, who was herself the very essence of the Sand given agency. Lying on the ground, woven into the middle of this golden triangle, was the Mazyd Obo, a creature constructed for the sole purpose of setting the affairs of humanity in order, and look where he was, destitute in the dirt, scarred and cowering and naked. The others looked past him as if he weren\u8217\'92t there at all.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was forced instead imprint the scene upon his mind as best he could. He kept his eye jumping from detail to detail and back again, and then back again, and again, and again, and at each stop he beheld the object, an act beyond mere noticing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was the artist's noticing, the lover's noticing, covetous noticing, jealous noticing, noticing to remember\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 beholding not a lossless art, but what gets lost has chance of being reconstructed later.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ran through it all like a shopping list.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The arc of the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow splitting the scene in half. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The coolness of color inside that shadow and its subtle, sumptuous greys, almost looking blue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The size disparity between Ayram and Elrahet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 both dark and shrouded in that tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrkan horse, Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light, what a specimen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 white as chalk. It\u8217\'92s brushed muscles glistened in the light of the sun. It\u8217\'92s neck as wide as Ayram\u8217\'92s shoulders. It\u8217\'92s eyes were as wide as a scream. It\u8217\'92s tail, impatient, was richly braided.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sitting in the brown saddle was the Hrkan scribe, his dark skin reddened and glistening with kell oil. The trail of his grey robe was filigreed with golden leaves. His right arm cradled the black-bundled Riga with care. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo on the ground. Pale. Fly-swatted. Staring at the sky. So perfect was the staging that the warm spectral edge of the tower's penumbra cut right across his stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of the world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the tower bricks, the mush of rock and sand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these were static things and could be ignored because they could be revisited later. It was an injustice, abstracting them out as if they weren't bound by the golden thread and contributing to the moment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose, but Mandri knew it was more than he could manage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ran through the details again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The arc of the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that hadn't changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram and Elrahet still stood resolute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The horse hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even shifted it\u8217\'92s weight. It\u8217\'92d been standing on two feet this whole time. Wonderful. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He noticed a new detail\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the white line of Hrkan soldiers hanging in the distance. It would take a large canvas to accommodate them. A lot of paint. He twinged at the thought having to fill up so large a frame.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Should he include the golden light of purpose? How to paint it? It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t as simple as a shaft of light or an ephemeral back-lit rim of gold, it was more like a pulsing mist, and yet, not like a mist at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He would have to worry about that later. The details need accounting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A new detail\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how had he missed it? , for the dark tip of that spear formed an unsightly tangent with the horse\u8217\'92s dark leather stirrup, such that the stirrup and accompanying harness seemed to sprout out from the haft. This element would need to be fixed. It flattened the image. Mandri could adjust the angle of the bar in Ayram\u8217\'92s hand so that it needn\u8217\'92t intersect with the stirrup at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Would it be sacrilegious to alter this image in any way?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was the angle of the spear part of the purpose?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Did he miss anything?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wished there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there, because a vulture circling the scene was almost too on the nose. People might start to think that this was all his own doing. Maybe he should remove the vulture.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}