{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Really enjoyed this.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 > Upon choosing to give off, the Mar Laciniata retreat beneath the scapula of a fallen whale.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 This was an odd start for me. I didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know what \u8220\'93Upon choosing to give off\u8221\'94 means, and neither do I know what Mar Lacinata are, and neither of these expressions are crystallized for me until later. I was reading it as, the Mar Lacinata are choosing to give off, and so they retreat. But it\u8217\'92s Schke who is choosing to give off (give birth), and the other Mar introduced there disappear from the narrative.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The second sentence is absolutely sublime.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 > Now, as her gonosome swells with a small copy of herself, Schke grasps the nearest rib}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Her gonosome swells\u8217\'92 felt very odd to me. I have heard the word before, it\u8217\'92s a sex chromosome, and a chromosome \u8216\'91swelling\u8217\'92 felt odd.  I paused after \u8216\'91siphonosome\u8217\'92 and tried to figure out what kind of biology you were wanting to communicate. Then, after reading the full piece, I did get a clearer picture that this is some sort of asexually reproducing jellyfish-like being. Maybe colonial in some sense? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know, for me, the sciency words did not match with the culture of the Mar Lacinata. Because this 3rd person limited is often inside Schke\u8217\'92s head, and I wonder if instead \u8216\'91gonosome\u8217\'92 she\u8217\'92d be referring to this part of herself as something simpler. Kind of like what you\u8217\'92ve done with \u8216\'91giving off\u8217\'92; she doesn\u8217\'92t call it \u8216\'91parthenogenesis\u8217\'92. That being said, I do love the phrase, \u8220\'93A cloud of transparent gonosomal tissues\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 >Pressure. She closes her eyes. An impossible heat. Should she have asked her mother to come with her? She needs to expel, is overcome with the urge to push just like the others said she would be. There is so much blood in the water, suddenly; she cannot help but imagine teeth emerging from the black, drawn by the scent of her injury, but even that fear is lost as all thought narrows to the pressure and that need. }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 I wonder if the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91just like the others said she would be\u8217\'92 is really lifting any weight in this paragraph. Also, I feel the \u8216\'91suddenly\u8217\'92 is unnecessary. You\u8217\'92re already doing a good job of setting up a the intensity of the moment, that the \u8216\'91suddenly\u8217\'92 actually makes what has happened, and what comes after, less sudden.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 >It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s too much. I can\u8217\'92t. I have to. Something is wrong. }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Because the narration is 3rd person limited, the sudden introduction of the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91I\u8217\'92 feels jarring, though I do appreciate how it gets us even closer into her head at this critical moment. Maybe italicize it to indicate thought?}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 >Aiekekoiaeae\line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 My brain skipped over this. Did not even try to pronounce it whenever it came up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Overall, I think you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve done a very good job with the coming of age moment, and of building out the world. But, it\u8217\'92s not intriguing. Schke gives birth, swims home, then recovers from the ordeal. It\u8217\'92s pretty, and I\u8217\'92m glad I read it, but I don\u8217\'92t have any pressing questions about the world, or about Schke, or about her relationship with her mother, etc. The mother\u8217\'92s vague allusion for \u8216\'91the worst waits\u8217\'92 is not concrete. Nothing in Schke\u8217\'92s character suggests she wishes to upset the balance in her culture (not that she needs to, it\u8217\'92s just something you could do). If we were to strip everything out to pure plot, the only thing being communicated here is: \u8220\'93Schke is a mothering mermaid who will persevere for her child.\u8221\'94 Only at the very end do we get, \u8220\'93and the cetomimes stop arriving early along the Aiekekoiaeae. Then they stop arriving at all.\u8220\'93 So the sense that something is wrong doesn\u8217\'92t happen until the last sentence. It feels like an afterthought. Sort of like, \u8220\'93Okay, now I\u8217\'92m going to start telling the story\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 I think you could find some way to weave the conflict into this more cohesively. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to give suggestions because I have no idea where the story is going (why the cetomimmes stopped arriving). Maybe this is some detail Schke discovered on the arduous journey home, and upon reporting it to her mother, it generates a great deal of concern. Ideally it would be more tied to her character and her desires. The mothering instinct (and the aquatic theme) reminds me of Marlin from Finding Nemo; that story immediately sets up his anxiety (hyperprotective parent), the cause of it (tragic loss of his wife and children) and the conflict it engenders (his only child desires to explore). Not saying you need to Disney/Pixar your story. It\u8217\'92s just, after 3000 words, I don\u8217\'92t have any sense of the story. }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0}