{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1200\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri-720\sl312\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two years ago, Mandri sold what little he owned and bought a farm ten leagues outside of Meskalim. Gil, he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d rescued from a leech farm. The poor old ox had been tied into a box that kept him still while the leeches fed on him. It was a horrible thing. Two wooden bars were under his legs to keep him standing or else he\u8217\'92d have collapsed into the swamp from pain and exhaustion.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi720\ri-720\sl312\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The two of them farmed legumes, mainly stipple beans, broad beans, and the like. Mandri would give the beans to a woman in Meskalim, who would then smash them up to make a variety of curds. She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d sell the little curd-bricks and crunchy curd-skins, and she would give Mandri a share of the profit. It was never enough to buy both burgeons and food, so Mandri went hungry. Gil ate grass.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had tried growing the burgeon bushes himself, but his land was not good for it. It wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t good for anything because when he bought the place the dirt was already worn out. He didn\u8217\'92t know that at the time because he didn\u8217\'92t know anything about farming. The first few plantings were fine, but after that, any time a strong rain came it sucked the salt up out of the ground and it all pooled on the surface, so that his field looked like a sweaty brown salt-stained tunic that had been left to dry out in the sun.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only thing that would grow was a solitary hornscrub tree. It grew right smack-dab in the middle of the field. The tree\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shade was the only place to laze the days away, and lazing there meant Mandri and Gil would have to look upon the dead earth and scattered stalks of failure. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was no matter, though. Peace of mind could be bought for the price of a burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri found that if he mixed the burgeon\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s juice into a milky-white barley beer that he\u8217\'92d left steeping in a hole in the ground, well two mouthfuls of that and every worry melted away. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took two mouthfuls.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then he sat against a comfortable nook in the tree trunk and watched his mind as it slowly turned away from the shame of walking away from Vigram\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s. It was stupid of him to throw that away. How was he going to make money now? He\u8217\'92d probably have to sell himself to Geem.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But, ah, it was a beautiful sunny day. There was even a breeze, and the sound of a cool breeze sifting through the boughs of his hornscrub tree was pleasing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not something that can be captured by a painting.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In truth, nothing can.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every artist who has ever tried to capture the beauty of Nature has failed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every. Single. One.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had traveled to every major city on the Jandri continent, so he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d seen them all. And the problem was always the same\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 art is misdirection, it diverts attention away from what is truly there to what the artist wants you to see. So there is a fundamental divide between what is Nature, and what is Art. Nature is complex, and artists are people, and their stomachs are small so they boil that complexity down into something digestible. They boil it down to a single tangible lump of something which has them transfixed\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a flower, a nice pair of tits, a pretty face. Maybe it\u8217\'92d be a flower. What matters is that they try to preserve the things that make life worth living by ripping them out of the fabric of reality and stitching their hides to a frame. Then, after having captured and killed the sublime, they sell it. Some plucky merchant without a care buys it and mounts it onto his wall right next to the sprawling, headless hides of lizards.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri burped, and took another swig of his burgeon beer. It was hard not to think about painting. Paint an oasis, and in so doing he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d be forced to reduce a palm leaf to a fleck of green. The beauty of a living leaf\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 its complexity, its pattern, its anastomosing veins pumped full of vital fluids, its birth and death and eventual decay, the role it plays on the branch, the branch on the tree, the system within a system, a whole universe unto itself nested inside a greater one\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 all that complexity, that beauty, reduced to a fleck of green.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Reduced, because again, the artist has something more important he wants you to look at. There\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a naked woman bathing in the mossy water. There\u8217\'92s no need to properly render the leaf. In fact, rendering that leaf, giving it light and shadow and form, that would only distract the eye from the droplets of jade gleaming on her cinnamon skin. The sensible thing to do, if he had to paint the leaf, was to slightly feather its edge into the sky so that eye doesn\u8217\'92t get caught on a hard line of verdant green set against a chalky blue. He might remove the leaf and the tree altogether if the thing doesn\u8217\'92t slide a wandering eye down towards the temptress\u8217\'92 bosom. And then he\u8217\'92d really done it, he\u8217\'92d not only reduced the leaf down to a daub of color, he\u8217\'92d erased it from existence entirely.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe one can say that Mandri wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t trying to paint Nature, he was trying to paint a woman, and so of course he wouldn\u8217\'92t capture Nature\u8217\'92s essence, but that hardly matters. \u8220\'93Go and try and paint Nature,\u8221\'94 Mandri said to Gil as his ox napped the noon away. \u8220\'93Take as long as you like. Take a lifetime. Take ten lifetimes! Then\u8230\'85 and then\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then he forgot what he was on about because hairs on Gil\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hide were starting to swirl. They only swirled a little bit. A more intense, boiling swirl was something that only happens when Mandri took black-eye burgeons, and only then if he picked them fresh and got to their juice before it was ever exposed to the air.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Down-valley burgeon beer, the kind which he was drinking, does something entirely different. Things will swirl, edges will bleed, but only a little. The chief effect was that anything bright would sparkle\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Gil\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s stubby white horns, the sunlight on the dusty earth, the puffs of cloud in the sky, pretty much everything that wasn\u8217\'92t hidden in shadow would sparkle. Most interestingly, the burgeonsight made it look like the salt stain on his field was squirming around. That was always a delight because it made it feel like he hadn\u8217\'92t lost a battle to an inanimate thing, that the salt was alive, a flood of wriggling white mites gnawing at the few decaying stalks.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At least he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d managed to feed something.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He nestled deeper into the trunk\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s embrace, and he sighed a little half-sipped, absent sigh, the kind of sigh that he\u8217\'92d start to make whenever he was ready for a nap. He let his eyelids slouch as he watched the flies buzz in and out of Gil\u8217\'92s snout. The ox would snore and blow those fuzzy black dots out of his great big nostrils, and then those flies would zip back in to lick at the only reliable source of moisture that they could find in this godforsaken field.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you Mandrameen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Burgeon beer had never given Mandri an extra inner voice before. Odd that it should sound like an old hag. It was an unwelcome development. He did not want to pursue it.  He wanted to sleep.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go away,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But it didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t go away. It kicked him in the shin.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ow!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pain pricked Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind back into the moment. He opened his eyes and was stunned to see an old witchy woman wrapped in black standing there before him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d heard of burgeonsight granting visions, but it had never happened to him. He tried to blink the old woman away, but she was a stubborn vision. He picked up a little pebble and threw it at her. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It hit her square on the nose.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ack!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t ready for it. Her arms flew up in a billow of black robe, and she staggered back a step.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was real.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s first instinct was to drink as much of his jumped-up beer as he could, because no doubt this hag would try to steal it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then again, she might not know what it was. It looked like milk. And it would be a waste to drink it all in one go\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 it would knock him out, and what was the point of that? No, that wouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t do. This was a special drink. He\u8217\'92d made plenty of special drinks, but this one was extra special because it was right here, a thing of the present. He could maybe try to hide it, tuck the clay jug away somewhere, maybe just nudge it behind the tree, but no doubt that harpy\u8217\'92s eyes were\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Something wrong with you, boy?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The woman\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was dire. She stared him down, and Mandri peered into the shadow of her blue-and-black shawl. He couldn\u8217\'92t find her eyes behind a nasty squint and a nose that was impossible to reason with. She wasn\u8217\'92t too old, just sun-leathered, and dammit she was tall. Too tall for an old woman. That was man\u8217\'92s air she was breathing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ask again, are you Mandrameen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She must be strong too, because her back bore a canvas sack that nearly doubled her size. And she hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t come adorned with the usual veneer of civilization\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 no shine-black bracelets, or bangles, or silver hoop earrings, no makeup or red-thread leaves trimming her robe. The only ornament she carried was a turtle-shell comb that she kept fashionably crooked in her waistband. The rest of her tawny self seemed slapped together in a reed hut on the banks of the Jek river. She was a feral thing, dirty with perfect teeth, perfectly straight and sun-bleached. The burgeonsight made them sparkle. They practically outshone the sun.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She kicked his shin again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ow!\u8221\'94 Mandri moaned. \u8220\'93Dammit, yes, I\u8217\'92m Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you still have your testicles?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her teeth flashed as she spoke.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old woman\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s head pitched into a suspecting tilt. \u8220\'93Are you a eunuch? The girls in Meskalim all say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shook his head in disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just because I don\u8217\'92t go in for the haggard women of Meskalim, that doesn\u8217\'92t make me a\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 what are you on about anyways?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Answer my question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I have my\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Hold on, who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You have your testicles,?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not lying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did Lora send you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The woman unshouldered her heavy pack. It hit the ground with a dull thump, and this disturbed Gil, who raised his heavy head. The ox saw the woman, gave a snort, then promptly went back to sleep. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Without asking if Mandri minded, the woman sat down upon her pack. She sat down right in front of his feet. Then she pulled from her ragged robe a brown paper booklet. This booklet had no cover, and its makeshift spine was composed of peeling wax and fraying twine.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She laid the booklet flat on her lap and flipped through a few pages. There weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t many of them. Mandri craned his neck to see if he could read what was there, but the burgeonsight made that impossible. Edges were starting to bleed together. If he drank too much more, things might get screwy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So, you are Mandrameen,\u8221\'94 the woman said as she flattened an unruly page with her palm.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And who are you?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. This time he was more demanding.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am Pell,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go away, Pell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell smirked. She said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to ask a few questions, and then I\u8217\'92ll be on my way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri took another swig of beer. He tried to reason out why she was here. By the looks of her, she didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have any money, so if it was about money, she was here to take it. If that little book of hers was a book of debts, well, Mandri would not be able to pay up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you from, Pell?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I come from that which everything comes\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 the all-white spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you\u8217\'92re one of those.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And what is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re an itinerant priest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Priestess,\u8221\'94 Pell corrected. \u8220\'93My god is\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, interrupting. \u8220\'93I may have intimated that I want to hear about your god. I don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell gave a bemused sigh and flipped through her pages. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re drooling,\u8221\'94 she said disdainfully. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wiped his mouth with his sleeve. Burgeons can make a mess of a person, but he wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t so far gone yet. A peculiar thing about this particular brew was that it left his wits untouched. Well, mostly untouched. Maybe a little touched. Toddler touched. Honestly, Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t sure. He knew it wasn\u8217\'92t safe to reason about reason when burgeons were involved.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never seen a priest without a pound of gold or silver rattling around his neck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Me and mine are struggling at the moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then your god must not be a very strong god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, He is the weakest of all possible gods.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because he does not yet exist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Well. A priestess who follows a god that does not exist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He will exist. He is going to\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Ah, here you are. Mandrameen Andramawmun. That is your full name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell underlined his name with her finger.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You have a good name,\u8221\'94 Pell said. \u8220\'93A strong Jandri name. An Old Jandri name. That\u8217\'92s good. And my notes say you started learning how to paint at the age of five. Is that right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed. If this woman was looking for an artist for some backwater temple icon, she\u8217\'92d come to the wrong place. Unless she had money.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have money?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell either didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t hear him, or pretended not to. She kept on reading from her book.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My scribblings say you are a decent painter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She looked up to gauge Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s reaction. This was some kind of challenge. He would not indulge her, though, high as he was, his face might be doing things all its own. That\u8217\'92s another thing about burgeons\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 it numbs the face but muscles sometimes keep moving. He could be making kissy lips at her right now and he wouldn\u8217\'92t know it unless he focused.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It says you have a\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Pell bent down to get a better look at the words. \u8220\'93It says you\u8217\'92ve a triptych hanging in the garden of Zee.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is hanging inside the garden?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You couldn\u8217\'92t make it into the house?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri blanched at the insinuation. He said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a right old hag, aren\u8217\'92t you? You know what? You can leave. I don\u8217\'92t care if you\u8217\'92ve brought money, I\u8217\'92m not going to paint anything for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not here to commission you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wilted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, whatever you\u8217\'92re here for, I don\u8217\'92t want it. Leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell reached into her robe and pulled out a full silver string of little round coins. They sparkled magnificently.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re in want of money?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face must have been doing somersaults because the old woman looked almost frightened of him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I will pay you to answer questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Questions about what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever heard the word \u8216\'91gaburshegee\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard of burshegee.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How about the prophecy of the Painted Eunuch?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on, I\u8217\'92ve already answered one question.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He held out his hand like a beggar.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell untied the silver string. She unthreaded a shining disc and tossed it. Despite Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s inebriated state, he snatched the coin out of the air. It was strangely light in his hand, an unfamiliar mint, and he couldn\u8217\'92t parse any of the identifying marks for the burgeonsight blurred it all underneath a smattering of sparkles. It wasn\u8217\'92t a Hrkan coin, anyways.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this all about, anyways? You\u8217\'92re looking for a eunuch? They\u8217\'92re all in Jeket, aren\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m looking for a young man who fits an old prophecy. The prophecy was written in Old Jandri, using the word \u8216\'91gaburshegee\u8217\'92, which means \u8216\'91fertile ground\u8217\'92 but is usually translated as \u8216\'91eunuch\u8217\'92. It can also mean \u8216\'91impotent artist\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91useless artist\u8217\'92. It could simply mean \u8216\'91infertile ground\u8217\'92. And here you are. I would say that a failed painter who tends a fruitless farm might qualify. Wouldn\u8217\'92t you agree?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri held out his hand again and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pay in advance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Curb your greed,\u8221\'94 Pell said flatly. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve plenty more questions to ask.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She flipped to another page in her book. Then she flipped right back to where she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d been. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I might be skipping things I shouldn\u8217\'92t. Let me make sure\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She fingered a scribble, then read it aloud. \u8220\'93Have you ever prayed to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What does that have to do with anything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Answer the question, please. Have you ever prayed to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I have, who hasn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri held out his hand again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell waved it away and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But have you spoken the words yourself? I\u8217\'92m not talking about being a part of a prayer circle as a child, where someone else does the heavy lifting. Have you ever run away to a quiet place and whispered words to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who hasn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Have you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to remember how many questions that made.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93One question at a time,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell cocked her eye, frowned, and scribbled something into her book.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that you\u8217\'92re writing there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell looked at him with a sinister eye.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you read?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I can read.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then what does this say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She held the book open towards Mandri. The pages were blank.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t say anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell tossed three more coins at him, and then she scribbled another secret nothing into her book.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How many burgeons have you eaten?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri held out his greedy hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not paying for that question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t eaten any burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re a liar?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hah! You should see your eyes. But that\u8217\'92s good. It\u8217\'92s good.\u8221\'94 She jotted down another note. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re fitting the mold, Mandrameen. Does that excite you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to pay for that question?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, if the prospect of fulfilling a prophecy laid down at the dawn of time does not excite, then you\u8217\'92ve a dim Spark indeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She flicked a coin into his lap.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How do you feel about power over all, eternal life, and infinite pleasure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll take the pleasure,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93Leave the others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever killed someone before?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How do you feel about killing people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What has that to do with any of this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A flash of annoyance cinched Pell\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s weathered features, and she tossed another coin into Mandri\u8217\'92s lap, then repeated her question.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How do you feel about killing people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to answer, but suspected it was the only way to get this old hag to leave. \u8220\'93Killing someone\u8230\'85well it depends, doesn\u8217\'92t it? The morality of something like that, it depends. Am I killing in self-defense? Are these, I don\u8217\'92t know, murderers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You think that killing someone is a question of morality?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let me rephrase\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 How do you feel about people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How do I feel about people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old woman\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s squint was getting severe. She asked, \u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t mind if everyone dropped dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did I say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Stop answering my questions with a question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look, everybody should be judged on their own merits\u8230\'85What is this prophecy anyways? I do something, and then a lot of people die?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s generally how prophecies work\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 something happens, and a lot of people die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But this prophecy, specifically, what happens?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In this prophecy, the painted eunuch will free my god so that He may roam the earth and heal this fractured world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What does that have to do with people dying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93People are dying all the time. Right this very moment. And I don\u8217\'92t mean one or two, a lot of people are dying right now. All my god is going to do is make sure that everyone is dying for a purpose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And you need me to free him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Someone like you will do it, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It might be you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Find someone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witchy woman laughed. It was a grating laugh, half cackle, half delirious groan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how prophecies work, my dear. I don\u8217\'92t pick someone to play the part. You are who you are, and if you are the one who is prophesied, then that is that. No one can change it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If no one can change it, then what are you even doing out here, looking around for this prophesied eunuch? You find him, or you don\u8217\'92t find him, it\u8217\'92s all the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell sat back on her bag and seemed to cherish the chance to talk about herself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever had a lover?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92ve ever had a lover, then you know what it\u8217\'92s like to wait for one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She looked up wistfully at the dance of the hornscrub boughs.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been waiting for my god\u8217\'92s coming for a very long time. I\u8217\'92ve grown impatient. I can think of nothing else but His arrival, so, I look out the window. That\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m doing, in a manner of speaking, I\u8217\'92m here, looking out the window for a sign of His coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scoffed at the thought of this old hag being anyone\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s consort, much less a god\u8217\'92s. He shrugged to show his lack of concern and said, \u8220\'93Well, if I see Him, I will let you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Please, do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At that, Pell closed her book and tucked it back into her robes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go into Meskalim and talk to Salavan Soreen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the only way to know for sure if you\u8217\'92re the one I\u8217\'92m looking for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell stood up. Mandri, thinking she was about to leave, leaned back into his tree-crook and whispered a chime of praise.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m not leaving yet,\u8221\'94 Pell said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s one last thing\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 I haven\u8217\'92t eaten in ages.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any food.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She bent down and gave Gil a pat. Gil was awake now. His fat, bulging eyes were staring blankly off into the horizon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Gil\u8217\'92s not for eating,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to kill him just so you can nibble at his flank.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not his flank that I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t have any piece of him,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Gil isn\u8217\'92t for eating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You named the creature, Gil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil mooed in recognition.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell jingled her silver string, prompting Mandri to add, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And he\u8217\'92s not for sale either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell grimaced and tucked the silver back into her robe. In the same motion, she drew a long, golden knife from an unseen sheathe. The sudden sight of this thin, curved blade was startling, and the old woman reached down to Gil\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s neck before Mandri\u8217\'92s limbs had even stretched. With her free hand, Pell lifted Gil\u8217\'92s head, and she scraped her knife\u8217\'92s razor edge up and down against Gil\u8217\'92s throat. The poor beast, eager to get in a good scratch, closed his eyes and lifted his chin up higher to make sure Pell could scratch the whole length of it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing!?\u8221\'94 Mandri said in alarm. \u8220\'93Let him be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because I said so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93All things die, dear Mandri. It\u8217\'92s near enough this ox\u8217\'92s time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you put one scratch on him, I\u8217\'92m going to break your jaw on my knee.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d do that? You\u8217\'92d kill me to save your ox?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Without hesitation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell lowered her blade. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good. That\u8217\'92s good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sprouted up to one knee and pointed down the road. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You need to leave,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell smiled, and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you are the gaburshegee, then there\u8217\'92s an important lesson you need to learn. Better that it happens sooner than later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With an uncanny speed she cupped Gil\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s snout under her arm and reached around his neck with her knife. She plunged her blade into the ox\u8217\'92s flesh. She drove it tight up against his jaw and abruptly yanked it round to the other side.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil let out a powerful bellow, deep and pitching, and his whole bulk lurched backwards, pulling his head from Pell\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s grasp. Gil stood up on his knobbly knees and bucked as he did, knocking Pell on her ass, and then bolted off into the dusty field, bleeding and bleating as he went.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, frozen by the sudden shock of violence, watched on in horror as Gill came to a stop just ten yards away, as if realizing he had nowhere to go.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gil stood there stunned, head bowed, blood pouring into the earth. He looked back in confusion towards Mandri and Pell, looking back just in time to see his old master pick up a rock, snarl, and leap after the old hag.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One sharp elbow into the uglies sent Mandri sprawling to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92re not a eunuch\u8221\'94, Pell said with an awful sneer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri muttered a curse. He got to his knees and reached out to grab Pell\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s robe, but the cloth seemed to melt between his fingers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell jumped to her feet as if lifted by an unseen wind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then Mandri saw something he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t believe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell literally flew towards the dying ox. She flew straight like an arrow flung from a bow. To Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s burgeon-addled eyes she was nothing but a scowling head and billowing robe, and he saw, for the briefest moment, her green eyes flash wild with a bestial rage. The sound of her shriek was borne not from her lungs, but from the deepest depths of Shis.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She plunged head first into Gil\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s body and tore a hole into his belly as easily as if her nose were made of chipped obsidian. Gil crumpled to the ground, and Pell went with him, her head and shoulders fixed into his side.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Gil\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s spine had the chance to spasm, Pell tore herself from his flesh with the neck of his first stomach clenched between her teeth. She spat it out, then ripped the rest of the innards from their lining and held the chain of stomachs up to the sun. Then her lips began to utter a speech as black as the deep of night. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri clasped his ears, but he could not look away. He prepared himself for some final gross barbarity. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Instead, Pell\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s chanting squeezed a bright point of light from Gil\u8217\'92s stomach, an amber colored light as bright as the sun. The witch sipped it into her chest through pursed lips, as one might sip a too-hot tea.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Satiated, she dropped Gill\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s innards onto the dirt. The tension in her shoulders disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next thing Mandri knew, she was standing above him. Her face was a withered sponge of blood, which the burgeonsight swirled into an even deeper horror.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go and see Salavan Soreen,\u8221\'94 she growled. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be coming for your stomach if you don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ri-720\sb360\sl312\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}