{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you have fulfilled your obligation, and you can leave if you wish.\u8221\'94 Salavan\u8217\'92s fat brow pinched up and he added, \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t have this }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 tension}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  in my house. You are safe here, and you are free to leave at any time. Or, if you are at all curious about what may lay in store for you, then admit it, and we shall find it out together.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri hesitated, Salavan scowled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Assert yourself,\u8221\'94 he said brusquely. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t have any of this }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 meekness}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  in my house. Vigram might have put up with your indifference, but stand up straight in my presence, if you can. Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light. You look like you\u8217\'92ve just been squeezed out the womb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 anastomose}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Standing there in the entrance was an enormous man. He was taller Vigram, and bigger, too. His great bulk was draped in a white silk robe, and his face was Jandri through and through\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 high cheeks, a strong brow, and narrow eyes. The only outlier was his hair, for he had no beard, just fat dimpled cheeks, and instead of the usual scruff of Jandri black, his shoulder-length hair was as white as his robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ahhhhhhh,\u8221\'94 he sighed, quite pleased. \u8220\'93My man returns! And I see you\u8217\'92ve found the boy. Wonderful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri expected Vigram to bow out of respect for Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s title, but he seemed to stand even straighter. \u8220\'93I require a change of robes,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Salavan,\u8221\'94 Salavan said. \u8220\'93And you are the great Mandrameen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded as he continued to towel his hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I love your work,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, \u8220\'93I was hoping, when I came to this city, that your path would lead you to my door. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Vigram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very clean,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I some pieces here that you won\u8217\'92t see anywhere else, though that goes without saying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Any of them stolen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The accusation put a slight hitch in Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s step. Then the man smiled magnificently, as if being accused of theft was a compliment. \u8220\'93One does not become a Voice of the Lords by making enemies,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92ve acquired everything I own through legitimate means. I even have something of yours here, one of your best works, I think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d rather not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be modest, Mandri. I won\u8217\'92t have }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 falseness}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  in my house.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}