{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Solitant priest hears the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91white\u8217\'92 and he thinks of the pure white glow of Solraheen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a white so bright that it bursts out of itself and splits into soft crescent rays of red and blue. A Hrkan man hears the word \u8216\'91white\u8217\'92 and he pictures the plain and stainless robes of Hrkan Lordship. An outland man hears \u8216\'91white\u8217\'92 and he thinks of sparkling salt pans, or clouds, or sun-bleached bone. As it is with \u8216\'91white\u8217\'92, so it is with all words, they mean different things to different people. They are fuzzy things, and so it is some wonder that Solraheen would choose the word as his medium of choice. He floated in the void, spoke one word, the world emerged, and people haven\u8217\'92t stopped arguing about the meaning of it ever since.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  For obvious reasons, Creation was not a well-documented event and so the precise Word of Creation is not known. It is often claimed the Word of Creation was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91art\u8217\'92, or the Old Jandri equivalent for it, for artists were the first prophets. For them, art was a spiritual discipline, an act of ferrying messages from a God to human. In the ages since these early days, the true meaning of \u8216\'91art\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91artist\u8217\'92 became confused. It became more and more common to say that art is a means of personal expression, not divine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Solitant sermon on Art as Exegetical Instrument begins with the following questions:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is art?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who is an artist?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A painter, a sculptor, these are artists, yes, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reasonable to say, but a hole-digger? Can\u8217\'92t he can be an artist too if he digs holes in a way that\u8217\'92s true to the Spark within himself? Give a man shovel, a field of dirt, time to think about it, friends to impress, and he\u8217\'92ll dig a pure expression of his innermost world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 most likely he\u8217\'92ll dig a penis. Whether it\u8217\'92s to be funny or irritating or self-aware, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter, the Solitant will argue that if a man digging a big old ugly into a field is an \u8216\'91artist\u8217\'92 then the word is as useless as an unmarked weight. A sheep-shearer playing with a sheep\u8217\'92s coat is then an artist. A tax collector can be an artist if he\u8217\'92s sufficiently motivated to plumb the depths of greed. There is a need here, the priest argues, for a word with walls. A }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  artist must be separated from the rest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While the Old Jandri word for \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91artist\u8217\'92 is lost to time, there is a word in that language fit for purpose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 burshegee. Literally, burgeshee means something like \u8216\'91fertile ground\u8217\'92. In spiritual hands it means \u8216\'91true artist\u8217\'92. It\u8217\'92s doesn\u8217\'92t mean quite the same thing as \u8216\'91virtuoso\u8217\'92 because true artistry, in the Solitant tradition, has almost nothing to do with what a person does, whether it be painting, digging, shearing, or finessing balance sheets. Some burshegee never make anything at all, yet burshegee they remain because burshegee\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 true artistry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is a state of mind. An artist is a person who is ripe for divine purpose. They\u8217\'92re not necessarily noble or righteous or even intelligent. Often times the mind of a true artist is marked by comic excess\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too many big ideas, too many shallow excuses, and so exaggerated is the sense of self that it becomes impossible to describe the person without resorting to sarcasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example: Mandrameen was the humblest humble that ever humbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When asked what he did for a living, Mandrameen would say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing important. I paint things\u8221\'94, and then he\u8217\'92d add, \u8220\'93for whatever that is worth\u8221\'94. Then he\u8217\'92d strut around the grand Hrkan galleries and this charade of humility melted away because he could not hide his contempt for his contemporaries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stand in front of a painting and say, \u8220\'93This piece really moves me,\u8221\'94 and then he\u8217\'92d make a show of walking away. All must bear witness to his mop of black hair as it flounced itself in time with his skinny, stiff-backed step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say, \u8220\'93I weep at every stroke,\u8221\'94 and then he\u8217\'92d flash a knowing smile. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say these things directly to a fellow artist\u8217\'92s face if he could get to it. He didn\u8217\'92t think of it as mean-spirited because artists, like himself, were safe targets for playful derision. Maybe they were the only safe targets, because it\u8217\'92s not really the person he was making fun of, it was their failed attempts to express themselves, and those are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 completely}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  different things. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never go after the person, no. Artists are the best people. It takes the best kind of person to put themselves in front of others and push through the barbs. It takes tough skin, unreasonable confidence, and a flair for the dramatic. Without any of that, an artist is doomed to live a life of sad obscurity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He would say to Vigram, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You haven\u8217\'92t the faintest idea of what you\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94 Vigram\u8217\'92s crime? He\u8217\'92d said that he liked a painting that he shouldn\u8217\'92t have. Vigram\u8217\'92s wealth be damned, Mandri\u8217\'92s knew what was good, what opinion was correct, and if, by some cosmic absurdity, he wasn\u8217\'92t correct in the literal, figurative, or spiritual sense, then \u8216\'91correctness\u8217\'92 did not belong to the domain of man. At the very least, it was out of Vigram\u8217\'92s reach. Old Vigram was not an artist, not even the penis-in-the-field kind. He\u8217\'92d made his fortune as a creditor. Meanwhile Mandrameen, when he was ten, could paint a portrait in oils that rivaled the old Jeketian masters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And these were real dynamic works, not polish-jobs where the paint is thin, the brush strokes invisible, and every hair is slavishly rendered into being like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lost the plot of reality. When Mandrameen painted a portrait, he observed a tight economy of strokes. With a single stroke of umber on black he could define the chestnut skin, the high-arced cheek, the sturdy skull underneath, the light, the shadow, even the mood of the piece. One single stroke! He once painted a woman\u8217\'92s portrait using just twenty-four strokes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 count them,}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  twenty-four\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and it was a true, vivid likeness. There were few extra nibbles here and there to make the eyes glisten and the cleavage heave, but those hardly counted. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop Vigram from marveling at how young Mandri packed so much information into so few slips of paint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes they were the marks of genius, and he told Mandri as much. And often. He paid Mandri for lessons. This was something of a charity, for Mandri was twenty years old and despite his great talent in such a favored discipline, he was inexplicably poor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These lessons were given in Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s countryside estate, a good ways away from the must and crust of Meskalim. The days started with breakfast, where Vigram, a burly old man with a bald head and brown belly-beard that he kept oiled and trimmed, would push Mandri to explain why he had yet to achieve success. Each week he\u8217\'92d put the question in a different way, but it was always about that same basic thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why wasn\u8217\'92t Mandri swimming in money? Painters were richly rewarded. He should be swimming in money.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri would explain that financial success, when it comes to art, has little to do with skill or quality. Novelty plays a role, but mostly it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about preening tongues and critic\u8217\'92s pens, it\u8217\'92s about how many people knew the raw fact of your existence. Vigram always pushed back, and today Mandri settled the matter by declaring, in between mouthfuls of seared lizard lung, \u8220\'93I refuse to debase myself by doing what it takes to succeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram then regaled Mandri with the story of his own life, and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d tell it in a way so as to suggest that accumulating wealth was the easiest thing in the world and that Mandri could do it too. Vigram had told the story so many times that Mandri could tell it right back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First, inherit four ounces of silver. This may seem like an insurmountable obstacle, but if Vigram could do it, anyone could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next, loan those four ounces to two brothers who run a bakery. Make sure its a bakery that supplies a Solitant temple with bread\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a surefire bet because temples are always the last thing the mob will burn down in lean times. The temple and the bakery brothers might accuse you of committing usury against Solraheen Himself, because you are, but if you get together with a priest and pray about it around a jug of beer and a glint of silver, well, the bleary shine will blind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After that, lend smaller amounts over shorter terms to farmers who need emergency loans to pay their taxes after droughts or infestations. Split these debts up and sell them off in Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bond market. There\u8217\'92s not much money in Meskalim itself, but it has a busy port and that means access to all the important markets of the Hrkan world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From there, its a simple matter of sprouting six more eyes, four more limbs, and now that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve transmogrified into a human spider you\u8217\'92ll be able to spin a web of silver that stretches into every corner of the holy continent. People will walk right into the debt. The wiggling only sticks them snug. You pick out the salvageable ones for your own use, and now you\u8217\'92ve got a little brood of spiders pouring over lists of sums credited and debts owed, and as long as you maintain a layer of abstraction between these creatures and your muscle, it\u8217\'92s all self-sustaining.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s it. Now you have a comfortable life and idle hours to spend however you please.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No debasement necessary,\u8221\'94 Mandri concluded before crunching into a piping hot slice of fish spleen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quite right,\u8221\'94 said Vigram. \u8220\'93You see, you know about all about art, but I know all about money. And that\u8217\'92s why I respect you so much, Mandri, you keep them separate, as they should be. But at a certain point, you have to join them up. That\u8217\'92s just how the world works.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wolfed down a peach-chicken potsticker, then meekly agreed. He would have told Vigram what he really thought, but he really, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 really}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , needed Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s money.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram clapped his hands and a nameless slave came in and took their empty plates. The two of them then headed out to Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vine trellised, brown-brick patio. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sun was out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  where Vigram set himself to work in setting up an easel which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d built himself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you want to do this }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 asked Vigram. \u8220\'93Is there something wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. There\u8217\'92s nothing }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 wrong}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , exactly. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that this light is going to make things so much more difficult.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The patio\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trellis roof was not quite thick enough with vines, and that meant a richly dappled light would fall upon the sitter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram needed this explained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sun moves, so these shadows will move\u8230\'85all these leafy shadows are going to be a whole other thing to worry about. It\u8217\'92s easier to learn one thing at a time. It\u8217\'92ll be easier if we keep to simple, clean light, that way there\u8217\'92s no shadow shapes drifting across the face while you\u8217\'92re trying to figure out which eye goes where.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram shook his head, and that sent his great brown beard wiggling as if it were alive. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dear Mandri,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93the patterns of light and shadow are a magical vesture.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see. Well you can worry about \u8216\'91magical vestures\u8217\'92 when you\u8217\'92re good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Vigram. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t have it any other way. A magical vesture for a magical subject.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if bidden from the heavens by Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, his daughter, Ora, joined them on the patio. She was Vigram\u8217\'92s favorite subject, Mandri\u8217\'92s age, the only one of the man\u8217\'92s five children willing to sit for him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t she a subject fit for holy oils?\u8221\'94 asked Vigram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Undoubtedly,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked to Ora without intention, but Vigram interpreted it, as he always did, as the most rabid of intentions. The old man\u8217\'92s eyes squeezed out a suggestive smile, as if to give his patriarchal blessing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pretended he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t noticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora was good natured, comely, with clear brown skin and sun-kissed cheeks. She was also a belly roll away from mixing in with the oxen. Many a young man would leap at the chance to be with such a fertility goddess, but Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to have children. But oh, her eyes. It was impossible not to flirt with those sparkling umber eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help her up,\u8221\'94 Vigram commanded. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ready the canvas and palette.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did as he was told and helped Ora up onto a high-legged stool. Ora let her fingers linger on his arm, and then Vigram barked at Mandri to get out of the way and stop distracting his muse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again, Mandri did as he was told and took up his post behind the old man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram picked up a stick of soft charcoal. He put down his first exploratory marks. This was always always the most difficult phase. Every work of art has to be built on a firm foundation. Get it wrong and everything that comes after will be wrong too. Unfortunately for Vigram, he had that all-too-common beginner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s habit of refusing to use his god-damned brain. He started drawing wherever his hand randomly landed and what happened next was up to Solraheen. The end result was that Ora\u8217\'92s head was, somehow, too small. It was also too left-of-center. There\u8217\'92d be an awkward expanse behind her flower-studded curls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re moving too fast. Don\u8217\'92t think of this as a portrait\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not yet. All we have right now is an oval, a rectangular canvas, and where that oval sits on the canvas. All you\u8217\'92re doing is putting an oval on the canvas.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So think about where\u8217\'92s the best place to put that oval. Make use of the whole canvas.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes you\u8217\'92re right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram rubbed the marks away with his palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He studied Ora.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped again to the canvas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he scratched a black oval right back where it had been.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that better?\u8221\'94 he asked with all the awareness of a potted plant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It needs to be a little bigger, I think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram drew the oval again, but only slightly larger. It was still a good ways off from where it needed to be. Nonetheless, Mandri encouraged the old man to continue, and from then on, almost every mark Vigram made was accompanied by a look back to Mandri for reassurance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look at me, look at her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need to know if it is right or if it is wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Assume that it\u8217\'92s always wrong, and then try to figure out why it\u8217\'92s wrong, and then fix it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a glimmer of understanding in Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye, but as soon as it came it faded. He twirled his beard in between his fat fingers, and then asked, \u8220\'93If the mark I make is always wrong, then how could I ever move past it? I\u8217\'92ll be redrawing the same line over and over again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You move on when you want to move on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I want to move on. I\u8217\'92m here to paint, not draw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, hold on. Finish\u8230\'85finish the basic shapes, at least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91finished\u8217\'92 the \u8216\'91basic shapes\u8217\'92. He looked to Mandri for final approval.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s your paint,\u8221\'94 Mandri said with a shrug. \u8220\'93But you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 need}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to understand the importance of the drawing.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do understand. You talk about it all the time. I just can\u8217\'92t do it.\u8221\'94 Vigram tossed his charcoal over his shoulder and squealed with delight as he picked up his favorite brush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri watched on in confusion as Vigram threw down the first splotches of color in a flurry. The man was building was an affront to the senses, and Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look away because he was getting paid to witness it. His world was forcibly narrowed to the canvas, which was hideous, Vigram, who was clueless, and Ora, who was eying Mandri up like he was her next meal. Mandri tried to avoid her at all costs, but he couldn\u8217\'92t help it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was the sitter, the subject, and his eyes would have wander over her, and whenever they did, her smile would perk up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, stop flirting with my daughter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram hid himself behind the canvas and gave Mandri an encouraging smile. This time his eyebrows jumped to emphasize the point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not. I\u8217\'92m checking proportions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s what you\u8217\'92re doing, then tell me what you think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, how are her proportions?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, not her proportions. I\u8217\'92m\u8230\'85you\u8217\'92re painting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri took a pause to search for the right words to say. He knew what was wrong with the piece\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he could write a treatise on it. He also knew that Vigram wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to handle an unvarnished critique. Almost no one can. If the man got upset, then there\u8217\'92d be no more money, and Mandri really, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 really}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  needed the money. He was forced to compromise with himself and exercise restraint. He had to do what everyone else does: start off with a disarming compliment. Pick out something good to open the student up to critique. The problem, at present, was that there was literally nothing good there on canvas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat back in his hip and made every honest effort to take in the observations that Vigram was putting down. Unfortunately, Vigram had that other beginner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s habit of mixing colors on the canvas in an effort to undo mistakes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 while that can be done it\u8217\'92s a very dangerous thing to do. Oils dry too slow to mess around. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna say it anyways. You need to get the color correct on the palette before it touches the canvas. That\u8217\'92s what the palette is there for.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram nodded, then began his work again in earnest. Mandri watched as the old man mixed a bluish shade of bronze for Ora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chin. Unless there was some extraordinary circumstances of light and shadow\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which there weren\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was a color meant for the chin a Jandri man who keeps a close shave. Vigram slapped it down over his charcoal guidelines, then his eyes darted between his daughter and the painting, back and forth, back and forth, and then his lips curled into a frown and he muttered, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not quite right.\u8221\'94 He gave Mandri a sheepish grin, then he stabbed his brush into a slug of white, and he rubbed it into the manly chin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite right either. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This would go on into infinity if Mandri did put a stop to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not bad,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The charcoal lines looked like they were bleeding pus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of those leafy shadows had drifted over Ora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left eye, and Vigram had an amusing go at it; it looked like a bandit\u8217\'92s eye-patch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93No really, I mean it. It\u8217\'92s not a masterpiece, but it\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s on the path.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s on }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  path, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s for sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tapped his bottom lip as Vigram stepped aside to let him fully into the work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember what I said last week?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that I need to learn to draw hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And have you done that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram laughed at his own impertinence. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even tried to draw Ora\u8217\'92s fingers. They were chicken scratches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you aren\u8217\'92t going take what I say to heart, then what\u8217\'92s the point of me coming here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Mandri, but hands are too hard to paint. If a hand had one or two fingers it\u8217\'92d be a different matter entirely. As it is, they\u8217\'92re difficult things to draw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you can think of it as having three fingers. The middle two share a tendon so they tend to move together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But then there\u8217\'92s the thumb.\u8221\'94 Vigram sighed and shook his head. \u8220\'93The whole thing is just too much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you truly want to get better, you have to try, and trying means putting in the time and effort to learn how to draw hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only things that matter are the face and the hands. You could give Ora forty ribs and a single breast and people will forgive you for it, so long as you\u8217\'92ve drawn a perfect face and delicate, expressive, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anatomically correct}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  hands.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do better with the hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You say that, but I feel like next time I come over you won\u8217\'92t have drawn a single hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram laughed again and Mandri rubbed his frustrated brow. This whole ordeal was a waste of time. If he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need that money so damned bad, he\u8217\'92d have quit after the first session.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His little reverie was interrupted when one of Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s men marched into the patio. He was a soldier with a puffed up chest, high strapped boots, a white plaited skirt, and a tall, knobbly spear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a poor imitation of a professional Hrkan soldier, though he did have the squarest chin that Mandri had ever seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soldier stomped his foot and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry to interrupt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Vigram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The young master\u8217\'92s ox is eating the apples.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soldier pointed an accusing finger to the hill beyond the trellis. All eyes peered through the vines, where some twenty meters away was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only real possession: a skinny yellow ox named Gil. Gil was was craning his head up high to reach a sweet red apple. His long pink tongue was stuck out and twirling, but all it was doing was batting the ripened fruit around in circles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram turned to Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you insist on bringing that ox along?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil has a right to go where he wants,\u8221\'94 Mandri said firmly. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s as much a human being as you or I.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s true. Watch\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri turned to Gil and shouted, \u8220\'93Gil! Gil, C\u8217\'92mere!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears swiveled at the mention of his name, and the rest of his head slowly followed. His protuberant eyes stared back through the vines, a dumb, bovine ogle. Slobber dripped unheeded from his lower lip. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil blinked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he got distracted by the long, healthy grass brushing his belly. He bit off a mouthful and started to chew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil! Hup!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A mastication later, and Gill was trotting towards the patio. The flap of his heavy dewflap rolled his short-hair hide back and forth over his sagging, aged spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poor old creature,\u8221\'94 Vigram muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, he\u8217\'92s fine,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gill clopped into the patio as if it were his living room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora slid off her chair and hurried behind Mandri and Vigram. Her intrepid hand brushed the back of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the soldier lowered his spear and aimed it at Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woah, woah, woah!\u8221\'94 Mandri exclaimed as he pushed the spearhead away. \u8220\'93That is not necessary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram nodded to the soldier and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, you\u8217\'92re dismissed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soldier spun on his heel, and Mandri stared daggers into his back as he left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he pricked Gil I\u8217\'92d have him up for attempted murder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gill nuzzled up against Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram eyed old Gil with disdain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If Gil was eating my apples, I could have him up for thievery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ridiculous,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93Gil\u8217\'92s the nicest old ox you\u8217\'92ll ever meet. Watch this,\u8221\'94 Mandri presented Vigram\u8217\'92s painting to Gil with a flourish, then asked his ox, \u8220\'93What do you think of Viggi\u8217\'92s painting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gill looked at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He gave his grass a chew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he mooed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See!?\u8221\'94 Mandri exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See what?\u8221\'94 Vigram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He likes it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No he doesn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora sauntered over to Gil and playfully scratched him into a cooing moo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a sweet thing, isn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ora, what do you think of my painting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora eyed her father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s painting with suspicion. She stifled a smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that bad, is it? Ora\u8230\'85It\u8217\'92s not that bad. Come now, I\u8217\'92ll have your honest opinion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile got bigger and bigger, and then she broke out in laughter when she realized exactly what Vigram had done to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I look like a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  grotesque.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the hands,\u8221\'94 said Ora. \u8220\'93They look like claws.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mention of hands put Vigram into full retreat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t paint hands!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora laughed and prodded him on. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I\u8217\'92m an old man! I don\u8217\'92t have the dexterity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The dexterity?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Painting hands is like doing needlework. Especially when I use this tiny brush. I don\u8217\'92t have the dexterity for it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but smile at this newest excuse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Ora said, with all the lust and must of a woman in heat, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Artists needs strong and dexterous hands, don\u8217\'92t they Mandri?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face lit up like she\u8217\'92d punched in the gut. This was the most upfront a girl had ever been, and right in front of her own father no less. Worse, Vigram was smiling like he was about to stamp a return on interest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85No\u8230\'85well, yes, but, uh\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t have any, uh, dexterity. I actually haven\u8217\'92t painted a portrait in more than two years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsense!\u8221\'94 said Vigram. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen you paint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Demonstrations, sure, but that doesn\u8217\'92t really count.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what have you been doing up on that little farm of yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Farming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram rolled his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at you,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve never farmed a day in your life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Mandri could answer, Vigram waved the matter out of the air with an open hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s time for lunch. I\u8217\'92ll come and get you two when it\u8217\'92s ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that, Vigram stomped his way into his villa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s anteroom, leaving Mandri alone with Ora and Gil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a trap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you paint anymore?\u8221\'94 Ora asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri made himself look busy by cleaning up Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mess. There was enough pigment left on the pallette for four more portraits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85it would be too hard to explain.\u8221\'94 He scraped a slap of yellow back into its clay vial.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try,\u8221\'94 said Ora.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, painting is, uh...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried to think of a palatable excuse, then he realized it was sitting right in his hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s too expensive. I mean, look at all this pigment. The canvas. At this point in my life it\u8217\'92d take me months to afford all this. Your father makes this in a week.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could make that much too if you came and worked for him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not good with money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All you\u8217\'92d be doing is signing a scrap of paper every now and again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora picked up a dirty brush and twirled its horse-hair head through the muddy colors of the pallette.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, my dad doesn\u8217\'92t actually care about learning to paint. The only reason he pays for these lessons is because you would starve if he didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that how he feels about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, I\u8217\'92ve seen your farm. He\u8217\'92s seen your farm. Everybody\u8217\'92s seen your farm. It\u8217\'92s not a farm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a farm to me. And it\u8217\'92s a farm to Gil. Isn\u8217\'92t that right, Gil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attempt to bring Gil into the conversation was in vain, because Gil wasn\u8217\'92t even on the patio. He\u8217\'92d snuck out, and was on his way back up the hill to lick at that damned apple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl twirled the paintbrush in between her fingers, feigning interest in its. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girls in Meskalim all say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An old woman came looking for you. She said you were a eunuch, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Couldn\u8217\'92t have been looking for me, because I\u8217\'92m not a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to bare myself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora crossed her arms and gave Mandri a sly, expectant look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to pull my uglies out just to prove they\u8217\'92re there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re serious?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a woman, Mandri. What\u8217\'92s your problem?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was too thin to absorb blunt shock. He scrunched up his face and tried to pretend like he had no idea what was going on, but Ora was a girl trained in the art of bashful men. She saw right through it and made her move, grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm and pulled him close to her. She caught his eyes and forced him to confront her lilac\u8217\'92d scent, her pounding heat, her smooth skin, her honeyed, aching lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ora\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri knew he had to be }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 very}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  careful here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a beautiful girl, but-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what? You go in for men?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could be good for you,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what do you get out of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She squeezed herself against him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could be good for me,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would not say that if you really knew me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s there to know? You\u8217\'92re just a boy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His eyes went wide at the sight of her mischievous smile, and the soft shadows of the vines just so happened to frame those sparkling umber eyes with the most magnificent golden light. A magical vesture indeed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nearly broke. He probably would have too, but Gil had finally reached his apple and let out a triumphant bellow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MMMMRRRRUUUUUooooooooooOOOOOOOoooo!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was so loud and sickly that it startled Mandri and Ora out of their awkward embrace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri set Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s palette down, and he backed up against the vines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ora, this is not what I\u8217\'92m here for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m here for,\u8221\'94 said Ora.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked for a means of escape. His eyes stumbled over a clear window pane. Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smiling face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay. I\u8217\'92m leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri practically leaped off the patio.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora shouted after him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is wrong with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did not answer. There was no point in answering. This was not what he was here for. He ran, then jogged, then walked, then stopped when he realized that he was forgetting something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Gil was already trotting down villa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gentle hill. Mandri waited up, and together they headed for villa\u8217\'92s swing gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram was on their heels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you say to Ora?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The old man was marching fast. His long beard was tucked under his arm to keep it from billowing up into his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I just walked away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You walked away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Vigram, I don\u8217\'92t want to be a bother, but could I just get the money?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram frowned. He reached into his robe and pulled out a small brown sack of coin. He held it in the air like it was a treat for a dog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ora thinks you\u8217\'92re buying burgeons from Geem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons?\u8221\'94 asked Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You deny it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would Ora know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you deny it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I deny it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram eyed Mandri like he was a theif. Then Vigram shook the bag of coin and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want you to promise me that you\u8217\'92re not going to use this money to buy burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I promise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram looked down his nose at Mandri and scratched his beard. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to give you this money because I owe it. If I find out your using this for burgeons, then our arrangement here is finished. You won\u8217\'92t be coming back. And for Sol\u8217\'92s sake, buy some apples for old Gil here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram put the coin in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s palm, and Mandri tucked it into his robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got the gift of the brush, Mandri. I\u8217\'92m serious. Solraheen\u8217\'92s given you a gift. It\u8217\'92s a sacred gift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. I\u8217\'92ll see you later, Viggi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri and Gil walked out the gate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m serious!\u8221\'94 said Vigram. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been given a gift!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri waved back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a gift, not a special one, at least. He could paint a portrait in twenty-four strokes, but few would be impressed if they watched him do it. He would spend hours and hours making those single strokes. He\u8217\'92d put one down, and if it wasn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 exactly}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  right, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d carefully wipe it away, then put it down again, and he\u8217\'92d repeat this for as long as it took. Days. A week. Longer. People only ever saw the finished product, those twenty-four strokes, and they assumed that Mandri\u8217\'92s brush went slip-slap-boom and there\u8217\'92s a true likeness. That story couldn\u8217\'92t be further from the truth. Mandri\u8217\'92s real talent was his tolerance of tedium, and that\u8217\'92s a talent a person can lose; Mandri was living proof. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he and Gil got to the top of the big hill that overlooked Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s villa, he took one last look back. Vigram was still standing in his drive. The old man waved, and then he cupped his voice and shouted, \u8220\'93No burgeons, Mandri!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered under his breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram shouted again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll douse your spark!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to get into an argument at that kind of distance, so he waved back and then kept on walking all the way to Geem\u8217\'92s. There he bought half a bushel of burgeons, and Geem gave Gil half a melon, free of charge. They were Down-Valley burgeons, decent stuff but the the waxy capsule leaves were a bit too brittle so they\u8217\'92d split too quick and insides would dry out before Mandri could get to them. But that was all Geem had so he bought them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Mandri and Gil continued along the road, stomping their way through the muddy wheel-ruts, slapping away the flies, humming and mooing nursery rhymes until they made it back Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s farm. }}