{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 This piece really moves me \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  intro mandri description?}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Armwrestler known for being honorable and fighting fair - people are doubting his abilities - but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s so much stronger than everyone else that if he fought dirty like everyone else he\u8217\'92d dominate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91We need to be beaten to become believer in different style.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Organics is the name of the game.and these peeps have it 100% correct. The other amendment you need to add is charcoal. Local wood charcoal preferably. Also, take some.ash that has never been rained on with very fine charcoal and save that for when your plants are up. Spread that generously around plants. Grind up your charcoal into fine and pea size chunks. Spread that through your soil layers. Also, keep some larger chunks throughout your layers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Poop in field to replenish it.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Fertile ground-}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 He was teh humblest humble that ever humbled.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Potential true artist = virtuosity \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91contrary to popular belief\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Intrepid fingers-intrepid hand}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 When he was ten, instead of, at the age of ten.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Insert servants hustling and bustling. Different ancient tasks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Peached lizard legs.\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 At the very end, more punch, something like, guess thats the end of us and vigram.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0}