{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mintinig rock }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - its the failure of purl that accounts for obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s absence from the fight. She is punished for it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rigas can only track.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why do they need riga?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turn off tracking - it turns off obo}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Riga can turn off if they get close}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Would you mind telling us in your own words what you think it is? Thanks. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A silly theory that people who refuse the truth made up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ah, so zero understanding of it then. Just covering your ears and saying "nah nah" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I understand truth.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u55358\'3F\u56631\'3F\u55356\'3F\u57340\'3F\u8205\'3F\u9794\'3F\u65039\'3F So tell me if we evolved from monkeys then they just magically had a human baby out of nowhere? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The problem is when we did it to dogs, we also introduced a shit ton of health problems. Work animals which were mostly generated through accelerated selection have done fairly well; but most other domesticated breeds have numerous issues due to the genetic bottlenecks used to isolate the characteristics we were aiming for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As a result, attempts to control human breeding are likely to introduce long-term problems we will have difficulty correcting for. However, germline genetic modification technology may be able to solve Haldane's dilemma, without requiring the genetic culling and inadvertent losses usually seen in planned breeding programs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 That said, our targets for germline modification at this point is mostly limited to clear-cut genetic conditions that are already quite rare in the population and could be substituted with the common variants resulting in minimal losses to genetic diversity and few ethical concerns; but the concept of introducing engineered novel variants or rare outliers to larger portions of the population is a bit more tricky.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}