{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The way I was thinking, I was like, well you know, its hard to tell what a lover wants. Because some wants don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get said. That would be the easy way, have her just say it, but the thing she wants is something that\u8217\'92s better gotten by not talking about it. She gets it by not talking. Ignoring, even. You have to learn what it is by watching her. Oh, she knows you\u8217\'92re watching her. She\u8217\'92ll brush away your looks and your halfsmirk smiles as easy as if you were never there at all. The way she does it, how she simultaneously accepts and rejects your love, it builds this presence up between you. The world narrows. It\u8217\'92s just you and her. That\u8217\'92s what she wants. She wants to world to disappear and have only two people in it. The way she\u8217\'92s playing... She knows it. You know it. Then you act up and say hello and you come to find that you\u8217\'92re living in your own little world and she really wasn\u8217\'92t thinking about you at all. She was fiddling with her thimble the whole time and that was it. It wasn\u8217\'92t you and her and nothing else. It was her and the damned textile, with you mouth-breathing in background like a horned up jackrabbit. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that point he popped a fresh belti leaf in between his pebbled teeth. He bit down and let the bitter juice work its energy into him. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when he noticed that on the ground there was not one, but two dead bodies on the ground next to him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, my purpose. For those of you that don\u8217\'92t know, \u8216\'91Mazydei\u8217\'92 means \u8216\'91lights\u8217\'92 in Carcinian tongue. Saulistides intended for them to be the light of the world, beacons of virtue for all men to follow. Not human - for human could be so perfect. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Sacrosanct kept secret just how many Mazydei there were at any given moment. There weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t many. Two or three bald ranging the world, ordering its into the Hrkkan empire\u8217\'92s light. It should have been a great surprise to Pyetle to find himself locked in a cave cell with one of them. He was completely oblivious to the magnitude of the moment.  }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As it neared it came into focus enough for Mandri to see that it was Death himself - a man shrouded in a black hood and a black cloak, lithe, powerful, and tall, taller than any rumor. He jumped down onto the road and drew up to his full height, and his visage nearly blocked out the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri found the strength to rebuke him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Leave me alone, Death," he growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death knelt, and his long black arm reached down and cupped the back of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head in his enormous hand. Mandri could feel the strength in his grip, he knew the easiest squeeze would crush his skull like a melon. He winced in anticipation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen looked at Seculla with the most endearing smile he could muster. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the most handsome man - his nose was a little too crooked for that - but he had the most sincere, cloying brown eyes of any human she\u8217\'92d ever met.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, fine,\u8221\'94 she relented. \u8220\'93What do you want me to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a swarm of heatflies over there,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen looked to where she was pointing. A swarm of about a hundred tiny heatflies were hovering together in a pocket of air. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about them?\u8221\'94  he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it odd how they swarm around each-other like that?\u8221\'94 Seculla said. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s in that particular spot that keeps them all tethered there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flies were indeed hovering in one spot. Almost like they were bound to small volume of air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It certainly is odd.\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said. \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s what they do. Maybe they\u8217\'92re feasting on something smaller. Like when lizards start to swarm.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think so. Other flies don\u8217\'92t do it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla seemed genuinely interested. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve got the entire sky to fly around in,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve got legs. They could walk all over too, if they wanted to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kind of like the people in Jeket, aren\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve got the freedom to go anywhere, but they just don\u8217\'92t use it. They stay in one spot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s fair,\u8221\'94 Seculla said. "Maybe they stay put because the most interesting thing around is each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The version that Pyetle was first told as a child was one of unintended consequences. He was told that Sol desired a beautiful garden to cover the whole Jandrian continent, and to begin this great work, he planted a stick in the ground just south of Mudwater to mark one of the garden\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s six corners. He then left to measure out rest of it. That stick in the ground, a simple cedar branch, would come change the shape of the earth, for in just a few days a little embryo of a sand dune built up in the stick\u8217\'92s lee. By accident, Sol happened to put the stick in just the right spot, and it was left alone for just long enough, that the little hump of sand in the stick\u8217\'92s lee grew and grew. It grew wide and tall and in no time at all the first fledgling sand dune was born. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While Sol was off laboring in the interior, shaping rivers, mountains, and fields of rose and poppy, that little dune was growing, and soon it became large enough to sustain itself - large enough to not be blown away by the first squall blowing in from the coast. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Years passed and the northwestern Istil wind stretched that dune south and east for as far as the clime would let it. Eventually the dune would reach to southern tip of Corin. That dune also grew tall, so tall that it rippled the wind and created a nursery for neat little rows of fledgling dunes behind it. These dunes, too, would grow and grow. Soon the sand covered the countryside in all directions. The Great Soldgi Erg was born.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sol didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t return to this corner of the continent for five thousand years. When he had left, the earth there was spongy, black, and arable, but he now found the land covered in a swelling sea of sand. Dismayed by the sight of it, Sol reasoned that clearing the sand was such a task that it would require him to leave the rest of his garden untended for too long. Sol would stand for nothing less than perfection, and so he left the all of Jandria to wilt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Go out now\u8217\'92, Pyetle was told, \u8216\'91and pull the weeds or else our food will wither\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few years later, the boy Pyetle heard the story told again, but this time from an old amber merchant on his way to Zeez. The story was much the same, except the instead of it all being an accident, Sol placed that stick there in the dirt with purpose. Sol knew the workings of the Istil wind, and he knew of the voracious appetite of the Sand. And the kicker was that the Soldgi Erg was not a barren waste, a sign of failure - it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s garden. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Go out into the Erg at morn or eve\u8217\'92, the old man had said, \u8216\'91and see for yourself how Sol\u8217\'92s golden light shimmers across the mountains of sand. No sweet smelling rose or spiraling poppy could ever match such beauty.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle remembered running out with the other kids and planting his own stick in the sand as best he could. He remembered sneaking out at night and knocking down everyone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just to ensure that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 his}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  stick would be the one to do it, to create a new mountain of sand. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, but the lesson was stuck, and so as Pyetle grew up and grew old, he did what he could to work the land, just like the stick of the Soldgi Erg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His plot of earth lay a little to the west of Mudwater. He licensed it from the state just after the herds had been through it, so there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much to clear - just a few small patches of bush and bramble and a few withered trunks of cedar. Into that black soil he planted legumes. As the years wore on, the waters under of the earth welled and salt began to spread on the surface. Eventually, barley was the only thing that would grow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With each season Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s margins shrank. The number of slaves and oxen he could afford to lease dwindled. His debts grew. By the time he reached the blessed old age of fifty-five he was forced to cease his labors completely, for the only thing that could live in his salt-ridden field was a lonesome cedar tree that stood right in the middle of it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Troubled as he was, Pyetle spent what he thought were his last days getting drunk on first mash and looking out at the Soldgi Erg from under the cool, dappled shade of his cedar tree. He lay there with his skinny yellow ox and his three remaining slaves, and he regaled them with his version of how the Soldgi Erg came to be. Only one of the slaves was listening; the other two others were dozing off. So was the ox. He had heard it all before. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t blame them. It was nice and cool in the dappled light of the tree\u8217\'92s shade, and all around the glare of the sun on the bright, salt-ridden field was blinding. It was crick-beetle season, so their humming-buzz filled the air. Perfect napping moment. Pyetle even fancied a nap himself. Its just that he couldn\u8217\'92t move past how the story of the Soldgi Erg couldn\u8217\'92t possibly be as simple as most people imagined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not as simple as you might imagine,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Erg is glorious, but this\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It looks like a sweat-stained shirt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few years later, the boy Pyetle heard the story told again, but this time from an old amber merchant on his way to Zeez. The story was much the same, except the instead of it all being an accident, Sol placed that stick there in the dirt with purpose. Sol knew the workings of the Istil wind, and he knew of the voracious appetite of the Sand. And the kicker was that the Soldgi Erg was not a barren waste, a sign of failure - it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s garden. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Go out into the Erg at morn or eve\u8217\'92, the old man had said, \u8216\'91and see for yourself how Sol\u8217\'92s golden light shimmers across the mountains of sand. No sweet smelling rose or spiraling poppy could ever match such beauty.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle remembered running out with the other kids and planting his own stick in the sand as best he could. He remembered sneaking out at night and knocking down everyone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just to ensure that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 his}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  stick would be the one to do it, to create a new mountain of sand. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, but the lesson was stuck, and so as Pyetle grew up and grew old, he did what he could to work the land, just like the stick of the Soldgi Erg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His plot of earth lay a little to the west of Mudwater. He licensed it from the state just after the herds had been through it, so there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much to clear - just a few small patches of bush and bramble and a few withered trunks of cedar. Into that black soil he planted legumes. As the years wore on, the waters under of the earth welled and salt began to spread on the surface. Eventually, barley was the only thing that would grow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With each season Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s margins shrank. The number of slaves and oxen he could afford to lease dwindled. His debts grew. By the time he reached the blessed old age of fifty-five he was forced to cease his labors completely, for the only thing that could live in his salt-ridden field was a lonesome cedar tree that stood right in the middle of it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Troubled as he was, Pyetle spent what he thought were his last days getting drunk on first mash and looking out at the Soldgi Erg from under the cool, dappled shade of his cedar tree. He lay there with his skinny yellow ox and his three remaining slaves, and he regaled them with his version of how the Soldgi Erg came to be. Only one of the slaves was listening; the other two others were dozing off. So was the ox. He had heard it all before. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t blame them. It was nice and cool in the dappled light of the tree\u8217\'92s shade, and all around the glare of the sun on the bright, salt-ridden field was blinding. It was crick-beetle season, so their humming-buzz filled the air. Perfect napping moment. Pyetle even fancied a nap himself. Its just that he couldn\u8217\'92t move past how the story of the Soldgi Erg couldn\u8217\'92t possibly be as simple as most people imagined.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  So quick was the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s retreat from the stormy ravine, and so dark was the Underworld, that no one but the lizard brothers had gotten a look at the mage, till now. A hairless, scrawny mage - not fat and bloated like all the others. Blue blood, too. Unnatural form. Strange tattoos running up and down his body. The paleness was also a novelty. A few Ayramun were from the northern continent, born with skin as white snow, but with all the kell-oil they\u8217\'92d slathered on over the years, their skin was now as red as a native Jandrian\u8217\'92s. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t see it either because this one is so small. Looks barely strong enough to stand up. I\u8217\'92ve only ever seen them as giants. Taller than Ayram. But they can change form can\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who can?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who? Put it together girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s camp was set in a massive pit-cave with sandstone walls that ran straight down into the earth. The whole thing was deep and wide enough to rival the Emperor\u8217\'92s throne room, but despite the cave\u8217\'92s immense size it was comfortable, even cozy, because the massive red walls made the space seem tighter, they made everyone feel near, made everyone feel safe. In that pit they were concealed from prying eyes on the surface, and unlike their other hideaway caves, the roof was open so it never got too stuffy. They were able to enjoy the sky without any of the exposure, or danger, of being out on the surface. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What made the cave so safe was that it had two ways in and out. There was the obvious route of  climbing in or out from the surface, and then down on the sandy floor there was, cut into the northern corner of the pit, a tunnel that disappeared into the earth. This tunnel had a gentle downward slope, but after while the gradient ran steep, so you had to scramble, and then after a little while more there was short drop and it emptied out into the labyrinth of the Underworld. From there, if you could find the way, you could go anywhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You could go anywhere, steal a thing or two, and come back without risking a single hair above ground. If you could find the way, there was almost no risk, because even if rich men and their guards gave chase, they would never follow you into the bowels of the earth. They knew they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never come back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  If you could find the way, the wealth of the world would be at your fingertips. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When things went well, the Ayramun would bring treasures back to their pit. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d filch gold ore from eastern mining towns. Bags of dried pork from stalls in Jeket. They stole wine, grain, and bolts of silk right out of the storehouses in Palace of Eez. They\u8217\'92d bring back pruned fruit and silver coin, stories and laughter, and every now and then a new recruit. But when things went poorly, like when they stumbled back from their ambush in the Junei Pass, the only thing which weighed them down was the awkward weight of the casualties of battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Though twenty one Ayramun were killed by the awesome power of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s storm, they only brought back four bodies. Two were dead, two were unconscious. Most of the dead were too black and brittle to be brought back to their cave. Only the two had enough left to be useful in ritual: Colm and Papillion.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of the two living, one of them was found at the bottom of the ravine, right in the middle of the ten-foot deep crater that marked the center of the blast. It was the imperial mage. The entire wagon train had gone up in smoke, except for him. Miraculously he had only been knocked unconscious. There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any wound, and he was found there naked at the bottom of that muddy crater, looking like he\u8217\'92d fallen from the heavens. It was supposed that his magicks had protected him. After he was pulled out, not much attention was paid to him because the last and most important body the Ayramun brought home was Ayram\u8217\'92s. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had only been a little further up the ravine, behind Colm and Papillion, but he fared far better. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been blown backwards and had knocked his head against a rock. There was crack on the top of his skull. When the Ayramun found him, pale and limp with his eyes shut, they panicked. Sob had thought him dead and nearly burst Ayram\u8217\'92s belly to save his body from being preyed on by they spirits - but Pella saw that he was still breathing. It was only a scratchy wheeze, but it was steady. He was alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once Pella wrapped his head with a scrap of black cloth that she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d torn from her cloak, she ordered him and others to be carried out of the rain. It took four men to shoulder Ayram\u8217\'92s great bulk into the damp, dark of the Underworld, and it took everyone to see him through, all the way back to their pit cave. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the middle of the night the Ayramun returned to their abode. There was no rain, no clouds. Only the moon, stars, and gentle wind. The dead were placed together under a tarred canvas. Needle branches were placed on top to quash the smell. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram, they lay carefully down on a haybed. He was breathing a little better but he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet woken up. Once a fire a was made, and once Pella had seen to him, she ambled over to a dark corner of the pit where the lizard brothers had dumped the mage. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The peculiar thing about the Shaldbrumont strait is that its surface waters flow south in any tide. That is how the strait got its name, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Shald\u8217\'92s ordeal\u8217\'92, for Shaldran kings could sail down the strait easily enough but getting back was nearly impossible. It wasn\u8217\'92t just the current they had to contend with, it was the Istil wind - the eternal wind - which blew strong and south in any season. Shaldran Kings who wanted to dig their greedy fingers into cargos of southern Jandri fire couldn\u8217\'92t sail back home or even tide over. At the time they had only two options: conquer a southern Foraeen port on the Sepi Sea and secure the overland routes leading back to their cities in the north (this the Hrekkans eventually did), or paddle up the strait, paddle all 12,000 nautical leagues against the current and a gusting wind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just about anything is cheaper than building an empire, so paddle the strait they did. Keeping costs down was the bottom line for the merchant barges who did what they could to avoid burning through too many slaves. They kept their oarsmen well-fed and well-drilled. Broad-shoulders, oiled beards, and clean teeth was the order, and these men were to be given rest at regular intervals. If too many arms got wrecked with fatigue these deepwater barges were forced to drop anchor and wait.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eight wide boulevards spread out from the Hill in the eight directions, and they stretched far across the alluvial plain. From these branched roads, and from these branched alleys, all ordered and angled according to the symmetry found in the Solar Fern, the plant which grows all along the banks of the Jade River. Flat and square mud brick tenements sprouted out from these stems, and scurrying amongst them were tiny specks of people. They seemed like blackflies, jumping from leaf to stem to leaf, ducking into boles and cracks, trying to keep dry while they went about their business.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Further out were the massive granite walls which ringed the city. They were distant enough from Pyetle that they seemed small. From there, a patchwork of farms and canals stretched to the banks of the Jade River, then continued on to the horizon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 High above these distant fields, massive anvil-head thunderstorms lumbered like giants, walking on misty columns of rain. Their hearts rumbled with thunder, and their bodies blocked out the sun. All was grey save for the yellow sliver of sun peeking through, but that was enough to fleck the river, the canals, and flooded fields with gold. Even the rippling puddles at Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet sparkled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was all so fresh and beautiful. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beautiful - just not meant for him. Jeket. The world. This beauty - no place in it for Pyetle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then a man - a giant of a man - found him in that gully. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That man was Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then and there, Mandri became an Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was all that Mandrameen cared to write about the day that Ayram saved his life. He was more thorough with the testimonies of his fellow Ayramun. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d corner them whenever he could to get the story of their life before meeting Ayram. The best time to do it, Mandri found, was out on the morning watch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen asked. \u8220\'93What else is there to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve told you a hundred times - I don\u8217\'92t want to talk about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your past is as important as any other,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said. \u8220\'93More important, even. Outside of Pella you\u8217\'92ve been with Ayram the longest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not important.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen pulled a few dried figs from a pocket he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d sewn into his shirt and started to munch on them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you want one?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seculla, the world we\u8217\'92re building, it\u8217\'92s going to want to know who you are. And to know that they\u8217\'92ve got to know where you came from. So you\u8217\'92ve got to tell me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing worth telling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen reached into his leather bag. He pulled out a folded reed scroll and a thin stick of charcoal. As he unfolded the scroll he found that it was filled on both sides with his rambling script, so he did what he could with his thumb to smudge out a few scribblings to make space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Details,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I need you to give me details.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s not much to say. I was a little kid. You could hardly call me a person. I don\u8217\'92t remember much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How old were you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me a rough idea, then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Older than ten?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen scribbled a little something on his scroll. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean maybe I was, I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92ve got a better idea, then out with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I think I was younger than ten, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen sighed. He rubbed out what he had written. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s try something else,\u8221\'94 he said.  \u8220\'93Do you remember meeting Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well? What happened? I heard rumors you were found in a\u8230\'85 well, I\u8217\'92d rather hear you talk about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Insert silence as mandrameen gives seculla some emotional distance to peer into the past.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well that\u8217\'92s cute,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen scribbled another little something in his scroll.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you writing?\u8221\'94 Seculla asked. \u8220\'93Are you writing what I just said?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I am, maybe I\u8217\'92m not. You should learn to read.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever. Honestly, I don\u8217\'92t know the point of what you\u8217\'92re doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93History is worth recording.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla scoffed. She even shook her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All of this is going to be forgotten, Mandri. You see that crop of stones down there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen looked down at where she was pointing. There was unremarkable mound of clay. A few large black stones stood up in the middle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I see them,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t tell from here but that\u8217\'92s dressed stone. There must have been a tower there to guard this pass. Do you know who built it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Some ancient Jandrian tribe, I would expect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody knows. And judging by those stones that had to have been a huge tower. Means there was a whole civilization here and the Sand just swallowed them up. No one knows anything about them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure someone knows something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one I\u8217\'92ve met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But this is different, though,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said with conviction. \u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s building an empire of souls, not of stone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, prophets and messiahs pop up in Jeket because of all the gold that runs through it. They\u8217\'92re not popping up in some broke shit-hole across the sea like Kukra because there\u8217\'92s no gold in Kukra.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, maybe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More than maybe. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a point, I\u8217\'92ll give you that. It reminds me of a thought I had: Gold is just as bright and immutable as the Divine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, please stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I tell you about that? There\u8217\'92s a poem in it. Look at this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He reached into his bag and pulled out a small, soft, and sparkling nugget of pure gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri! The hell are you doing with that?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, I know, but I need it. Here, put it in your hand.\u8221\'94 He grabbed Seculla\u8217\'92s hand and placed the gold in her palm. \u8220\'93Now, what do you feel?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel like punching you. Ayram will fucking kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just look at the gold. This thing was sitting in the dirt for who knows how long. A million years. And just look at it. Bright as the day the Gods put it in the ground. Roll it around in your hand. What do you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 feel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla did as instructed. She even tried to get into whatever mood Mandri was peddling. As she rolled the little nugget around in her hand she was struck by how drab it made everything else look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to hold a bigger lump,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94 Mandrameen  shouted. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it! You put it in your hand and you get struck with a yearning for more. It\u8217\'92s a yearning akin to spiritual rapture. It washes over you. You can lose yourself to it. I swear its the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 just like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  being touched by the Gods.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need to give this to Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a poem in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got the component parts.\u8221\'94 He unfurled his reed scroll a little more and flipped it over and began to read. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s the way that gold scintillates in the candlelight of a dark and cloistered room. Golden idols luring weak pilgrims out to the Sand\u8217\'92s depths. Hallowed places, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, this is fucking ridiculous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And the pilgrims, how they claim to hear whispered invitations }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 leaping}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  out of the rock, or out of the Sand or sky. And this is the crux: godless folk - this is you, poor Seculla - godless folk claiming that its just the whisperings of the gold, for they hear it too. They can hear it even while it sits in the ground, and just like pious men they devote their lives to the call.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it\u8217\'92s a subtle message.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 get}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just that it\u8217\'92s hardly an original thought. Gods versus Greed. Pilgrims versus gold. It\u8217\'92s that tortured, \u8216\'91who are you really serving\u8217\'92 sermon that you hear echoing down every back alley in Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh that\u8217\'92s no matter,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he took the gold back from Seculla. He tucked it in his bag along with his scroll and charcoal. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all in the execution,\u8221\'94 he continued. \u8220\'93A good artist can make anything sublime. Its just a matter of execution.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, what the hell are you doing out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seculla\u8230\'85Please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously. You should be closer to people, not out in the Sand ambushing caravans. Closer to Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s the thing, though. We should }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  be closer to Jeket. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s where this war is going to be won. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter what we do if the people can\u8217\'92t see us doing it. Cause it\u8217\'92s them whose going to win this war. They just need a little, artful, push. We can\u8217\'92t do that from here. I just don\u8217\'92t understand it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t agree with what Ayram\u8217\'92s doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No - no,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said. \u8220\'93I know what you are saying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Seculla. There\u8217\'92s what, fourty-five of us. There\u8217\'92s a million people in Jeket. We\u8217\'92re not the ones who\u8217\'92re going to throw the Empire out. Like I said, the people just need a little push. Its sheer numbers that will push the Empire out. Not us alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla whistled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t let Ayram hear you say that. Hell, don\u8217\'92t let Pella hear you say that. In fact, it\u8217\'92s best you not let anyone hear that. If you think you could do better, well just don\u8217\'92t think it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94 Mandrameen repeated. His voice was pitching up, almost to a squeal. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hard going! Doesn\u8217\'92t come as easy as pulling a bowstring. I mean I\u8217\'92d like to see you try to - what are you looking at?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The poet Mandrameen believed that the Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s religions were all distortions of the Truth, but nonetheless, they were our only way to access it. Since each religion was distorted in its own way, he taught that any honest seeker of the Truth must be a practitioner of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  religions. For this he built an analogy out of the famous Library of Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If an artist were locked inside and wanted to paint a perfectly accurate picture of the marble Pillar of Saulistides which stands out in the garden, the artist must look through the building\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s windows to see it - windows whose glass was famously fogged and warped with age. In one window pane, the pillar would appear stretched. In another it would seem waved. In yet another it would seem so curved that the friezes of Saulistedes\u8217\'92 armies which wrapped around the marble would climb up into the sky. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since each window distorted the Pillar in its own peculiar way, it would be a mistake for the artist to sit still. They should instead move from window to window, from distortion to distortion, averaging out the truth of the Pillar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shape from the lies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was how Mandrameen practiced religion - by moving from one religion to another, averaging out the true shape of Reality from ancient myths so distorted with age. He would consider them together, and start with their similarities instead of their differences. In time, he found what he believed to be was the core of every religion, and thus the core of the human condition: whether it be by accident or intention, we were designed to suffer. Suffering is not just part of the landscape, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s baked into our very bones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Cult of the Dreamer, for example, believed that suffering is brought into the world by nightmares that emerge from untrained }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://BD80866D-C9C5-4165-A3B2-82D31D7CC036"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 minds as they sleep.}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The Soleans believed that humans were created by their pantheon of Gods to be slaves. These Gods imbued us with Greed and its children (Lust, Pride, and }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://6AA6DF77-BB70-4F50-9E56-9E3D9739C80D"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paroch}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), hoping keep us angry at each other instead of angry at our masters. The Kalemites believed that we were once a link in the Great Chain of Being, once part of an indistinguishable whole. However, the profane lure of individuality caught a hold of one of the Number, and so this misguided soul severed its link to the Chain, spawning all life on earth, dooming us and the animals to an existence where our minds can never touch one another\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, to a state of being where it is possible to be lost, forgotten, and unloved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cynic Seculla was not impressed. She thought that Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s study of religions was biased towards those that could survive the Empire. Any religion which might preach that Paradise is here and that Peace is now would be trampled underfoot by hordes of the suffering and damned, for they demand answers and atonement for their troubles and a religion which preaches contentment with the present simply cannot give it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pointed to the religion of the isolated tribe of Het, and quoted the difficulty that priests of the Dreamer had in converting them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They cannot see through the eyes of the Dreamer for they are not plagued by His nightmares,\u8221\'94 one priest wrote. \u8220\'93Here, food is plenty. War is absent. They spend their days swimming, fishing, and building houses high in the trees. They are happy\u8230\'85 they simply do not understand.\u8221\'94 Two of the priests sent to convert this tribe abandoned their frocks and took up wives in that Hetian village. This was proof, to Seculla at least, that suffering was not an intrinsic part of the human condition. It comes from somewhere else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Power is a numbers game,\u8221\'94 the preacher shouted. \u8220\'93There is only one crown, but there are a million hungry mouths.\u8221\'94 Every so often a bloated king will set aside this wisdom, convinced of his own inflated worth. He\u8217\'92ll spit in the face of his subjects. He might refuse to buy grain at the ancient price, or he\u8217\'92ll debase the currency to pay for wars of vanity. In turn his kingdom will set itself ablaze. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Popular revolts aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t always successful, but the rich and powerful won\u8217\'92t always escape with their heads. Even Jeket\u8217\'92s most ill-fated revolution - which succeeded only in beheading a nameless prince of a cadet branch of an ailing dynasty - was considered by the mob to be a success. In response, the elites of the city rounded up over a thousand peasants and paupers, lathered them in camel fat, then threw them into a bonfire out in the desert. Even as their bones slid out from their boiling bodies, the poor shouted anthems of defiance. For them it was enough to have killed just one of the bastards. That\u8217\'92s the anger of the oppressed. It\u8217\'92s visceral and consuming, and it is stronger than the will of any one person, no matter what kings, queens, and their sycophantic ilk tell themselves. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla disagreed with all this. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was an adviser to Saulistides, and so she had seen the view from commanding heights. From up there, looking down, one thing was clear: only leaders matter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wrote that the mob is a sword, but it needs picking up. Most generations are smart enough to leave it lying in the dirt. Some elites, lusting for power, will threaten to use it against their rivals, but they rarely ever }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 actually}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  wield it, because they know the stupidity that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re dealing with is insatiable. It doesn\u8217\'92t take a close reading of Solean scripture understand that the ambition of even the poorest is a hydra, and that once one demand is severed, two more grow in its place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only people foolish enough to set the mob to task are - and for this she borrowed the Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own words - modest men with access to a higher truth. For her, this meant men who are so blinded by righteousness that they see chaos as more desirable to an imperfect union. They\u8217\'92d rather see the streets full of children\u8217\'92s bodies than to live one more day under the yoke of betters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is worth noting that since Seculla was a courtier of Saulistedes, it would have been prudent, to put it lightly, for her to espouse this view. Perhaps the rumors that she privately agreed with Mandrameen are true, but she served Saulistides,  Insert story confirming this - mob murdered much of his family in a half accident as flames consumed his children.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paragraph trying to explain the magnitude of this. The difference in kind of creatures. Bats can hunt in the dark. Eagles can spot a mouse in a field from a million miles up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only such a creature could lead humans in their struggle against themselves, and more importantly, lead them in the only struggle worthy of the name \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91revolution\u8217\'92: a revolution against the Gods. There would be no facade of power or prestige. These would be creatures that men could look to and see something better, unquestionably better, than themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mages guild he commissioned to build these creatures was called the Sacrosanct. Upon hearing the request, they labeled Saulistides a heretic. When they realized how much wealth was at stake and how long of a leash they would be given, they recanted that charge and began to work. When Salistides died, his daughter took on the project. Her son continued it on after her, and his son after him, and so on. Few of the Carcinain Emperors expected any  results, but it quickly became a sanctified tradition. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some 400 years after Saulistides\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 reign, the Sacrosanct began to produce Beings that could talk, think, and move. Some 300 years more, and these Beings were refined enough in motor function that they could command cities and armies. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These leaders of Humanity weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t perfect, but they were approaching it. The Sacrosanct named them Mazydei, which means \u8216\'91sparks\u8217\'92 in the native tongue of the Carcinians. Common folk misinterpret this as a reference to the power that these Beings have to conjure thunder and flame with their hands, but really it is in reference to the Mazydei\u8217\'92s purpose, which is to organize the peoples of the world, the tinder, and to set light to it when the time is right.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}