{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Finding Elrahet was easy. That old witch never moved far from where she sat down, and Seb had seen her sit down at the ambush sight spot. Getting up to that spot, however, was difficult. Seb could either climb up the steep cliff face, or she could take the long way around. As she had to carry the bag of bones, he took the long way; the Junkug road. She followed that road through the hills and up into the mouth of the Junkug pass and there she scrambled off onto a smuggler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trail which snaked up towards the mountain peaks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was nearing mid-day when she made it to the wide, mid-cliff ledge where Elrahet was sitting. As far as sight spots go, it was perfect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it offered a privileged view of the Junkug plain spreading out into forever. Directly below was the mouth of the Junkug Pass, out of which the Junkug road poured. This unkempt road meandered down into the red Junkug hills, where it was dissected into a filigree of footpaths that wiggled down into valleys and bent around black screes and outcrops of solid rock before shooting through the ravines and orange washes before emptying out, at last, into the Junkug plain. Once out on the plain, all roads got lost because there the white ground is a rocky caliche that gets swept clean by the Junsi wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was alone up on that high ledge. To Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blurry eyes, she was nothing but a bundle of black rags and long, smoky hair flowing out the front of an old crone\u8217\'92s hood. She was sitting cross-legged, communing with the vastness of the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Took you long enough,\u8221\'94 the witch mumbled as Seb approached.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait to catch her own breath before saying, \u8220\'93Gugi found some bones and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How did the witch know? The answer was obvious: this was the sight spot, and it had a good angle of every ravine. But also, Elrahet was a witch. Who knows how far her witchy eyes and ears could see and hear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring them,\u8221\'94 Elrahet growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Witches were cantankerous creatures. Elrahet especially so. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lived too long. She was Ageless, though numbered age was a rare thing in the Sand. A sand dune has no numbered age, and an Outland witch like Elrahet was just as elemental. Her visage was as dark, sharp, and solemn as any slab of sand-bitten stone. Her sun-drenched skin was as brown and leathered as the wrinkly bark of a pepperwood tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shall I command your every twitch?\u8221\'94 Elrahet snipped. \u8220\'93Put the bag down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb set the bag of bones down gently, hoping to avoid being shooed away before she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard any witchy words. It was her great mission to spy on Elrahet, to know everything she was up to. But Elrahet was an elusive creature, and she did not often speak her mind. When she did speak, she spoke bitterly. Her throat croaked like a dying man. She would mumble to herself in a private language which Seb called bloodspeech. She called it that because when Elrahet spoke it, her blood tingled, and her blood was tingling mightily now, for Elrahet\u8217\'92s withered lips curled and spat ancient curses while her sharp teeth gnawed at the bone-bag\u8217\'92s drawstring knot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the knot was finally loosened, Elrahet reached in and pulled out a big leg bone, smooth and white, streaked with dirt and spotted here and there with yellow. She gave it a once over, then tossed the thing over the cliff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Busy yourself,\u8221\'94 she growled to Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sighed and stepped to the cliff ledge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only bit of wisdom she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever heard Elrahet speak was a hackneyed bent spoken to young Papi. Papi had been pouting about some useless thing and Elrahet said to him, \u8220\'93Every weakness is a strength, and every strength is a weakness.\u8221\'94 If anyone else had said something as stupid and common as that\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Strength is strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Weakness is weakness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Calling a weakness a strength was only twisting words. A strong woman didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to twist words. For a witch steeped in the mysteries of the Spark to say a thing like that, to say \u8216\'91weakness is a strength\u8217\'92, then there had to be some deeper purpose behind it. Witches only ever speak to bend the world to their will. So, Elrahet\u8217\'92s words might have been for Papi, but Seb had overheard it, and Seb overhearing it was no doubt a part of Elrahet\u8217\'92s intentions. The witch was sending her down a path. Could be that it was the wrong path. Most likely, it was. It definitely was, if Elrahet knew of Seb\u8217\'92s part in things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb returned her eyes to the horizon. It was all a blur. Her shit sight smashed \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91way far out\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91not far off\u8217\'92 into a blurry haze called \u8216\'91out there somewhere\u8217\'92. And somewhere out there was a caravan, a bumbling caravan unaware of what they were about to stumble into.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb let her eyes cross so that the white landscape doubled and blurred. The edge between the white caliche and the blue of the midday sky softened into a wide gradient. She squinted hard until there was nothing else in the world but that span of color.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then a curious odor tickled her nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A foul odor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She took another sniff and was hit with a familiar musk\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She took a deeper sniff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was some other scent in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fullflaps nested up on the cliff behind; it could be them. She knew they were there without looking because when fullflaps jump out of their cliffside holes they flap their little wings so hard that they beat a pathetic, warbling whistle out of their tiny chests, and one of them was warbling up towards the mountain peak. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She licked her lip. Borcandi juice oozed out of the spine tucked in her cheek. Borcandi juice didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t play nice with the stomach, so most people spit it out, but Seb didn\u8217\'92t, not when spitting would break her concentration. Then again, her concentration was already broken, so she spat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she spat out the whole damn wad out the side of her mouth, as big as her tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn ye, Seb! You\u8217\'92re a servant of Shis, I swear it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb looked aside, and behold, a long track of her own green-gray spit laced the bag of bones sitting in Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lap. Thankfully, none of it had touched the witch herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw, my bad,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t mean to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She crouched down and tried to atone for her absent-mindedness by wiping the bag clean with her dirty sleeve. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t mean it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should jump you off the cliff!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet took up her gnarled root of a walking cane and swung it. Seb pulled back in time to watch the cane\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s large burl brush right by her nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet glowered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should curse your flesh to steam your bones!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean it!\u8221\'94 Seb whined. \u8220\'93Here, let me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet swung again. Seb ducked, too slow this time, and the blow caught her on the cheek. She stumbled back, touched the welling bruise, thought to beg her pardon, but Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s withering glare said her patience would not bear another stammered apology.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave me be,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb nodded, then stood back up, then turned and walked away, cursing herself as she went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was another of her many weaknesses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was forgetful. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hold onto a moment if she were alone in a pitch-black cave. People said this was because of all the spines she chewed, but she knew that wasn\u8217\'92t true because she\u8217\'92d always been like this. And it was not a strength. Gugi said that if her mind was always jumping around, then at least she couldn\u8217\'92t be sad for too long, and so she should be happy about that, but somehow that wasn\u8217\'92t true\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 being sad was the one thing she could be for too long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She leaned over the cliff face and spat a fat loogie down. It fell in a delightful little sparkling twirl, though she was denied the pleasure of seeing it splat on the rocks below because the ground was far enough away to be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91out there somewhere\u8217\'92. Then Moto came scrambling down from some hidden perch up above. One displeasure to the next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, a black man from Zos, was stronger, younger, and more skilled than Seb in every way imaginable. He was too well put together to be an Ayramun, yet here he was. Everyone else made do with dark, patchwork robes and nail-strapped soles for shoes, but Moto had silver buckles on his oiled boots. He wore an orange robe that was tucked and folded into sharp knife pleats that slanted across his chest and were kept secured by a wide and tight red sash around his belly. He was so clean and fastidious that he would have been at home in the ass of the Hrkan elite. He even had a sword, a long, curved sword set inside a brass scabbard studded with gold. That sword even had a name. Worse than all of this, Moto had healthy teeth. Few things made Seb more aware of her own disgusting self than being in the presence of healthy teeth. A poke is hard done up when a smile did nothing but make her jealous. It was even worse when that smile wore a judgmental smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t see them, can you?\u8221\'94 Moto said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The bastard knew she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see shit. That\u8217\'92s how he was. There was a bag of dead bones not ten feet away, the illest of omens, yet here he was taking the time to lick the spit right out of her cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Course I can\u8217\'92t see,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto chuckled. His was a damned hearty chuckle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re there,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re on their way. Exciting, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 He looked towards Elrahet, pretending to notice the bones for the first time. \u8220\'93Who is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Loath to be interrupted, Elrahet grumbled out a barely-audible, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like it was someone to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s nobody now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, those bones don\u8217\'92t change anything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stood up, grabbed the bone bag, and tossed the whole thing over the edge of the cliff. Halfway down, the bag hit a crop of rock, and the bones burst out of the seams and went tumbling down into \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91out there somewhere\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet glared at both Moto and Seb. Her skin was so lined with age that even the subtlest action of her brow sent it cracking into sharp relief. She huffed and charged them both, pushing past them to shuffle down the ridge path, leaving Seb to wonder at the meaning of her sudden departure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess we good to go,\u8221\'94 Seb mused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are indeed in it now, \u8221\'94 Moto replied. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya\u8217\'92 sure they out there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto nodded and pointed out towards the blur. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a black speck and a faint cloud of dust on the horizon. That would be them. That would be our target.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who else could it be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted. He snorted often. This habit of his earned him the nickname \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91rutter\u8217\'92 because it sounded so much like a rutting boar, though no one ever said it to his face. He pointed to the desert with two imploring hands. \u8220\'93Elrahet predicted that the Voice and his new Mazid would be making for the pass. She said they\u8217\'92d come disguised as a blackwood caravan. She said they\u8217\'92d be coming mid-day today. And what do you know, there\u8217\'92s a caravan out there. It\u8217\'92s mid-day today. It all fits. That\u8217\'92s who we\u8217\'92re hitting. Do you doubt Elrahet\u8217\'92s sight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat another loogie off the cliff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did El\u8217\'92 say anythin\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91bout a dead body?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Moto said defensively. \u8220\'93Are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  saying something about a dead body?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sayin\u8217\'92 nothin\u8217\'92, I\u8217\'92m }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 lookin\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  at it scattin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 them hills. There\u8217\'92s a curse floatin\u8217\'92 about, so\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything is a curse to you,\u8221\'94 Moto said before snorting again. \u8220\'93A rock stuck in your shoe is a curse. A dead leaf is a \u8216\'91foul omen\u8217\'92. You don\u8217\'92t have the sight, Seb. You can barely see your own toes. If Elrahet says there is nothing in it, then there is nothing in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s findin\u8217\'92 a dead body not put a notch in your spine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I\u8217\'92m a man of resolve, Seb. It\u8217\'92ll take more than your misgivings to put me off the hunt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if its only pisspeddlers out there, and we come out here for nothin\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s the case, then we slice the fat from their bellies and we knick a nob or two. What\u8217\'92s the problem?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if they\u8217\'92s a squad of cups?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A few soldiers won\u8217\'92t change the balance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if it\u8217\'92s more'n a few?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we\u8217\'92ll kill more than a few.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An\u8217\'92 how many is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto sighed and sat down on the edge of the cliff. He propped his elbow up on one knee and let his other leg dangle free. He hunched over, cupped his sight, and began his squinting study of that distant blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t appreciate Moto sitting that way. It showed a casual disregard for what Seb was capable of doing. In a flash, she could be right behind him and push him off, ending him right then and there. For all of Moto\u8217\'92s strength and skill with a sword, she could end him. There were plenty of moments like this when Seb could do it. She could do it while he slept, while he ate. She had half a mind to do it right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I count fifty-four of them,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93Give or take.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fifty-four\u8217\'92s more\u8217\'92n a few,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And fifty-four is exactly how many Elrahet said there\u8217\'92d be\u8230\'85though there is an odd fix about them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Odd fix?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto squinted again. He was having trouble keeping their quarry in focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s like they\u8217\'92re\u8230\'85it looks like they\u8217\'92re marching in squares.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know much, but she knew one thing for certain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Moto\u8217\'92s expectations were getting in the way of the truth. And there was one other thing she knew for certain, and this one was worth saying out loud. \u8220\'93There ain\u8217\'92t no caravan guard in this part of the world that keeps squares.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I say it\u8217\'92s an odd fix.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s an odd fix \u8216\'91cause they ain\u8217\'92t no caravan guard. I bet my spines those are cups. Fightin\u8217\'92 men. El\u8217\'92 was wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eight wagons, though,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93She predicted eight, and eight there are.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb screwed up her face in thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eight wagons was several more than the average merchant train. But who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever heard of merchants marching in tight formation? Caravan hands in this part of the Sand were ragged bands of backwash from Hrkan conquests, not the kind to march in squares. No, those men had to be cups! Vessels, Hrks called them. Fifty-four Vessels of righteous fury, and a god-damned Mazid backing them up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And how many more men might be hiding in those wagons?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thirty?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb compared all this to what the Ayramun brought to bear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 forty-three bows. Forty-three bows and Ayram. And old Elrahet. Against anyone else she liked the odds, but nobody tangled with the Mazidai with good reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 However\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Junkug hills were a decent place to bushwhack a column of cups. The slopes were steep, and no matter which route was taken through the pass, there were places where strong shoulders would have a clean shot at the column entire. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assuming the whole column would try to stuff through all at once. Against fearful men, an ambush here would be a slaughter. Against experienced warriors, Seb was not so sure. Hrk-cloaked cups weren\u8217\'92t that dumb. Add a Mazid to the pot and it was sure to be a boil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If the Mazid was caught unawares, then maybe the odds were only three to one against. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assuming the Mazid got taken down early, by surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d take them for Vessels,\u8221\'94 Moto said, \u8220\'93But they\u8217\'92re wearing that stingy brown wool of blackwood guards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jus\u8217\'92 cause they\u8217\'92re in brown, don\u8217\'92t mean them\u8217\'92s common hands. A man can change his robe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Vessel doesn\u8217\'92t drop his whites for convenience, not even for subterfuge. It\u8217\'92d be a black mark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Sand makes converts of us all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pride,\u8221\'94 Moto noted through a plaintive sigh, \u8220\'93Is the only thing a Vessel has. Once he earns the hrkwhite cloak, he\u8217\'92s not going to hide it for anything.\u8221\'94 He paused, and a subtle frown played on his lips. \u8220\'93Still, even if they\u8217\'92re wearing brown, they could be fighting men.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They won\u8217\'92t run when the killing starts,\u8221\'94 Seb said. When Moto stayed quiet, she felt compelled to add, \u8220\'93And the way we set up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93This only works if they try to run. But ours is a game of risk. This is a Mazid we\u8217\'92re trying to catch. What do you expect? Even odds? The Vessels hardly matter.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re dead if we try it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re dead if we don\u8217\'92t. Besides, it\u8217\'92s not your call. Ayram put me in charge while he\u8217\'92s off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stood back up to make sure Seb got the full measure of him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like it or not, this is the only opportunity we\u8217\'92ll have to catch us a Mazid. Elrahet being wrong about who the Mazid marches with isn\u8217\'92t enough to call this off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about them bones?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this don\u8217\'92t work,\u8221\'94 Seb said, \u8220\'93an\u8217\'92 Ayram finds out \u8216\'91bout that dead body, a body you didn\u8217\'92t let him hear of, then he\u8217\'92s blamin\u8217\'92 someone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I take responsibility for my actions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He then pinched a flat stone finger whistle between his lips and whistled the song of the Jek Tresset to tell the Ayramun hidden in the valleys below that the ambush was on. He stabbed and fluttered the high notes to encourage haste. Twittered replies sprang up from the hills, and then, without so much as a parting nod, he set off down the path that led into that maze of mounded clay and rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb had different ideas about what needed doing. Elrahet was soon to conjure a blanket of fog to lay cover for the ambush, and damn it all if she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get to watch how the witch did it.}}