{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Teetaneek}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jirjins}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dolphins - bait ball.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Birds diving down.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sharks come up - scales flying out of gills}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ends when a massive whale comes out of the deep.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That climb was supposed to go. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://i.redd.it/mwndvdw66ke91.jpg"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i0 I was trying to explain what I look for when looking for caves the other day. It\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s been over 100degrees here for 2 weeks. Today it\u8217\'92s 72 and the plumes of steam are a good indicator of caves. Not always but sometimes.}}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cigar flake stuck in teeth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hot air makes you lose your voice quicker.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The thing you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to understand is, people don\u8217\'92t  care about nature, they care about people. Insert fly analogy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It stained his hard wrought field like a sweaty shirt that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been laying in the sun. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Odd thing was, this time she wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t in it for herself. She was acting on behalf of some interested third party. Who that was, Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t figure, but Mandri was drunk, so he had a hard enough time figuring out how to keep the spit from dribbling out of his mouth when he talked. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Quit larging it.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen bit into another potsticker. He savored the sweet peach sauce in which the shredded chicken had been baked.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 1 - persoanal salvation}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 2 - salvation of others}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 3  to infinity - everything else in any order.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Weapon malus darkblade }
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Wants the darkblade - will turn him into powerful demon}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Keep it from him}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Deceitful demon. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Realization that only wy to close demon portal is to give darkblade to malus.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 I think you need to reevaluate the role of the word belief when it comes to the salvation of the soul. I believe in the sun rising. That doesnt bring about any internal change in me. Belief is not tied to internal change. To become a christian, you must first kill yourself. Belief is necessary but not sufficient.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 There\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot.}
\par\plain \f2\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Each possibility is conditioned by lines of immanence that give it shape.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0}