{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rule-following paradox threatens our ordinary beliefs and practices concerning meaning because it implies that there is no such thing as meaning something by an expression or sentence.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_McDowell"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 John McDowell}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~explains this as follows. We are inclined to think of meaning in contractual terms: that is, that meanings commit or oblige us to use words in a certain way. When you grasp the meaning of the word "dog", for example, you know that you ought to use that word to refer to dogs, and not cats. But if there cannot be rules governing the uses of words, as the rule-following paradox apparently shows, this intuitive notion of meaning is utterly undermined. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kripke holds that other commentators on\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Philosophical Investigations}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~have believed that the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_language_argument"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 private language argument}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is presented in sections occurring after \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u167\'A7243.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wittgenstein_on_Rules_and_Private_Language#cite_note-3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Kripke reacts against this view, noting that the conclusion to the argument is explicitly stated by \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u167\'A7202, which reads \u8220\'93Hence it is not possible to obey a rule \u8216\'91privately\u8217\'92: otherwise thinking one was obeying a rule would be the same as obeying it.\u8221\'94 Further, in this introductory section, Kripke identifies Wittgenstein's interests in the philosophy of mind as related to his interests in the foundations of mathematics, in that both subjects require considerations about rules and rule-following }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kripke's skeptical solution is this: A language-user's following a rule correctly is not justified by any fact that obtains about the relationship between their candidate application of a rule in a particular case and the putative rule itself (as for Hume the causal link between two events\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 b}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is not determined by any particular fact obtaining between them\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 taken in isolation}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ); rather, the assertion that the rule that is being followed is justified by the fact that the behaviors surrounding the candidate instance of rule-following (by the candidate rule-follower) meet other language users' expectations. That the solution is not based on a fact about\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 a particular instance}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of putative rule-following\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as it would be if it were based on some mental state of meaning, interpretation, or intention\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shows that this solution is skeptical in the sense Kripke specifies. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rock in the void}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 nothing can be said about the rock. It is not big, it is not small, soft or hard. These terms don't mean anything except in relation to something else}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So we add another rock. Now the two rocks have identities. One is bigger than the other, sharper or softer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 so it would seem that identity doesn't exist except in a notion of difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, we started with 'a rock'. There was something there. I call this the essence of the object.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The essence is explored through difference, though it transcends difference. Keep packing in more and more objects into this void and we are refining the rock's identity more and more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If we put every conceivable object into this void, we approach, asymptotically, an understanding of the rock's essence, and in doing so we would a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 approach an understanding of everything;s essence. so this is a kind of monism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, based on the understanding of differences, we build an identity, or model of understanding, of the rock, though by nature, this identity is flawed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As humans, our capacity for storage and precision of differences is fundamentally limited, so our models are *very* imprecise, and So}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 we are *in effect* 'postmodern' creatures, if not in actuality. Like I have an understanding of how smart you are, based of a little bit of conversation,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 but to really know the nature of your intelligence, I would have to cleave to your mind every moment of the day. This is fundamentally not possible,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 so my model of your intelligence is wrong. Now, somebody, somewhere, has the *most* accurate understanding of your intelligence, and to the extent that they can prove that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 we should believe them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only hard sciences approach a method for proving more accurate understanding of things.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, one could say that we did not start with a 'rock' we started already with a collection of differences. A bunch of atoms in arrangment. but if you}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 reduce down to the simplest material thing, a quark or whatever, muon lepton, or vibrating strings, nothing about these things can be said in a void - spin up, down, mass, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  All these properties are in relation to something else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the existence of that rock requires the existence of everything else because we live in a particular universe. anti-boltzman brain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  argument for essence - a simulated fire does not burn. A simulated fluid is not wet, cannot put out a 'real' fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 chinese room }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 what-is-it-like-to-be=ness is an implicit part of particulate matter. gets arranged.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 consciousness as kid in a candy storage}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to be alive is to resist 2nd law - to be alive is to have a boundary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 life as a conceptualization of boundaries to justify its own existence in destroying other boundaries.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 develop the analogy of the code.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 art is a form of communication}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 explanation is a form of communication}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 they are mutually distinct}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The forms of communication}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 art - emotional}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 explanation - intellectual}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the blurred line between these.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 intellectual understanding of African American culture rooted in Southern slavery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     - go read an anthropologist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emotional understanding of "" " " "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0     - go watch 12 years a slave}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 when works start to blur the lines between intellectual and emotional - then things get 'preachy'. Because its}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 overriding the work of the intellectual. But again, is it possible to actual disjoint the intellectual from the emotional}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the crackpot - aesthetci of crackpot in japanese culture.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the lungs are a statement about the existence of air. the eyes, light. the brain, the conscious expeience.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paco Calvo Planta Sapiens}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s in this picture - they say a tiger - plant blindness - theres a jungle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How many plant species are around here? 50? Try 500.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argument for plant intelligence - tracking of the sun - sometimes occluded, reorients itself during the night - if someone argues consciousness is just patterns of neurons, broducing behavior, is are plants then conscious?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 santayana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without subterfuge or desire to delude himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Love has its recompenses}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some races are better than others.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Let us have our santayana unexpirgated.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emerson - things are in the saddle and ride mankind}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Democarcies too as its evils. Not merely its corruption and its incompetence but worse its own peculiar tyranny the fetish of uniformity. There is no tyranny so hateful as a vulgar anonymous tyranny it is all permeating all thwarting it blasts every budding novelty and sprig of genius with its omnipresent and fierce stupidity. What santiana despises above all is the chaos and indecent haste of modern life. He wonders if there was not more happiness for men in the old aristocratic doctrine that the good is not liberty but wisdom and contement with one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural restrictions. The classical tradition knew that only a few can win but now that democracy has opened the great free-for-all catches catch can wrestling match of laissez-faire industrialism, every soul is torn with climbing and no one knows content. Classes war against one another without restraint and whoever is victorious in this struggle for which liberalism cleared the field, will make an end of liberalism. This is tthe nemesis of revolutions too, that in order to ssurvive they must restore the tyranny which they destroyed. Revolutions are ambiguious things. Their usccess is generally proportionate to their power of adaptation and their reabsorption within them of what they have rebelled against. A thousand reforms have left the world as corrupt as ever for each successful reform has founded a new institution adn this institution has spread its new and congenial abuses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What form of society, then should we strive fore? Perhaps for noe. There is not much difference among them, but if for anyone in particular this would be democracy. This would be government by men of merit and honor it would be an aristocracy but not hereditary. Every man and woman would have an open road according to ability to the highest offices in the state. But the road would be closed to incopetence no matter how richly furnished it might be with plebicites. The only equality subsustieing would be equality of opportunity. Under such a gov coorruption would be at a minimun, and science and artist would florusih to discriminating encouragmenet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beginning of wisdom is disillusionment - (but it is also the beginning of madness.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A thorough materialst, one born to the faith and not half-plunged into it by an unexpected christening in cold water, will be like the superb democritus. A laughing philosopher.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henri bergson -}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So placid and self-contained. The confucian peacefulness of your dog is no philosophic calm, no quiet surface of unfathomed depth. It is the certainty of instinct a orderliness of an animal that need not and cannot choose.}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0  In the animal invention is never anytihng but a variation on the theme of routine, shut up in the habits of the species it succeeds no doubt in enlarging them}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  by its individual initiative but }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 it escapes automatism only for an instant for just the time to create a new automatism. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gates of its prison close as soon as they are opened. By pulling at its chain it succeeds only in stretching it. With man, consciousness breaks the chain in man and man alone. It sets itself free.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is not necessary to have a stomach to digest, nor even special organs to digest. An amoeba digests although it is an almost undifferentiatied protoplasmic mass.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The focus on duration being a real things.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Life. The procreate urge of the world. It is the opposite of inertia, and the opposie of accident. There is a direction in the growth to wh ich it is self-impelled. Against it is the undertow of matter. The lag and slack of things ttoward relaxation and rest and death. At every stage life has had to fight against its vehicle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Me - the one who remembers history is bound to repeat it. - the future is bound by lines of immanence in the present. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Napoleon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We must not picture him as gro pictured him in 1796, standard in one hand, drawn sword in the other. Costume ornate in colored sash and official insignia. Long }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A man of art worship a man of deeds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brows arching somber and resolute. Nose going straight to the point like his will. Lips closed tight as of a mind made up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Used his paunch to support his hand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Throughout his life his hands attracted attention for the perfection of the skin and the tapering of the fingers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s character does not reveal on his face until he is old.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have conceived many plans, but was never free to execute any of them. I was always governed by circumstance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In politics, the straight line is the longest distance between two points.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In war, morale and opinion are half the battle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The side which spends its time behind a fortified line is always defeated. To watch for for the time when the enemy divides and elongates his army. To use mountain and rivers to screen and protect the mvoement of his troops. To seize stragegical elevations from which artillery could rake the field. To choose the ba}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surrounded himself with servitors until there was no check on his power and pride except the power of his enemies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}