{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 What a trivial style, says the Italian, and passes by. Childishness, lisps the Frenchman, and snaps his finger against his snuff-box \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u224\'E0 la Grecque.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What have you done that you dare to despise?}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But you, O Italian, you have let the genius of the ancients, arising from its grave, fetter and bind your own. You crept to beg for artistic knowledge from the splendid relics of the olden time, you patched together palaces from these sacred ruins, and consider yourself the guardian of the secrets of art, because you can give account of the measurements by inch and line of enormous buildings. Had you\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 felt}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~more than you\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 measured}{\f0\fs24\b0 , had the spirit of the gigantic structures at which you gazed come to you, you would not have imitated merely because they did it thus and it is beautiful. But you would have created your own designs, and there would have flowed out of them living beauty to instruct you.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Everything goes the same way: the whim of the artist serves the caprice of the rich man; the writer of travels stands agape, and our beaux esprits, called philosophers, wrest out of formless myths facts and principles of art to be applied to the present day; and their evil genius murders sincere men at the threshold of these mysteries.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Thus your buildings exhibit mere surface, which, the broader it is extended,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the higher it is raised to the sky,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the more unendurable must become the monotony which oppresses the soul. But Genius came to our aid, and said to Erwin von Steinbach: Diversify the huge wall, which you are to raise heavenward, so that it may soar like a lofty, far-spreading tree of God, which with a thousand branches, millions of twigs, and leaves like the sand of the sea, proclaims everywhere the glory of God, its Master.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When I went for the first time to the Minster, my head was full of the common cant of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93good taste.\u8221\'94 From hearsay, I was an admirer of the harmony of mass, the purity of form, and was a sworn enemy to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 8]the confused arbitrariness of Gothic adornment. Under the term, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gothic,\u8221\'94 like the article in a dictionary, I piled all the misconceptions which had ever come into my head, of the indefinite, the unregulated, the unnatural, the patched-up, the strung-together, the superfluous, in art. No wiser than a people which calls the whole foreign world, \u8220\'93barbarous,\u8221\'94 everything was Gothic to me that did not fit into my system, from the turned wooden dolls and pictures of gay colors, with which the bourgeois nobility decorate their houses, to the dignified relics of the older German architecture, my opinion of which, because of some bizarre scrollwork, had been that of everybody,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93Quite buried in ornamentation!\u8221\'94; consequently I had an aversion to seeing it, such as I would have before a malformed bristling monster.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 How often I returned to view from every side, at every distance, in every light of the day, its dignity and splendor. Hard it is for the mind of man when his brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work is so elevated that he can only bow down and pray.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now this characteristic art is the only genuine art. If only it comes fresh from the inner soul, expressing the original, unique sensibilities, untroubled, indeed\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 12]unconscious of any external element, it may spring from rough savagery or from cultivated sensitiveness, yet it will always be complete and alive. This you can see among nations and individual men in countless degrees. The more the soul rises to the feeling for relations, which alone are beautiful and from eternity, whose master-chords one can demonstrate, whose mysteries one can only feel, in which alone the life of the divine genius seeks expression in enraptured melodies; the more this beauty pervades the soul of a genius so that it seems to have originated with him, so that nothing else satisfies him, so that he can bring nothing else out of himself, the more fortunate is the artist, the more splendid is he, and the more reverently do we stand there and worship God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s anointed.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The arts themselves, as well as their subordinate forms, are closely related to each other, and have a certain tendency to unite, and even lose themselves in each other; but herein lies the duty, the merit, the dignity of the true artist, that he knows how to separate that department in which he labors from the others, and, so far as may be, isolates it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It has been noticed that all plastic art tends towards painting, all poetry to the drama; and this may furnish the text for some important observations hereafter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The genuine, law-giving artist strives after artistic truth; the lawless, following a blind instinct, after an appearance of naturalness. The former leads to the highest pinnacle of art, the latter to its lowest step.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 Perhaps I should have been hurried on to open myself in a more lively manner towards him, had not my resolve to sound my guest made me from the first take a more quiet tone. His judgment in many cases agreed with mine; in many I was forced to admire his sharp and practised eye. The first thing that struck me was his unmitigated hatred of all Mannerists. I was in pain for some of my favorite pictures, and was curious to discover from what source such a dislike could spring...}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Before we were all assembled I seized an opportunity to lend a helping hand to my poor mannerists against the stranger. I spoke of their beautiful nature, their\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 37]happy handling, their grace, and added, to keep myself safe: Thus much I say only to claim for them a certain degree of forbearance, though I admit that that high beauty, which is the highest end and aim of Art, is in fact quite a different thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He replied\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 with a smile that did not altogether please me, inasmuch as it seemed to express a special self-satisfaction and a sort of compassion for me:\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Are you then stanch in the old-fashioned principle that Beauty is the last aim of art?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I answered that I was not aware of any higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Can you tell me what Beauty is? he exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Perhaps not, I replied; but I can show it to you. Let us go and see, even by candlelight, a fine cast of Apollo or a beautiful marble bust of Bacchus that I possess, and try if we cannot agree that they are beautiful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Before we go upon this quest, said he, it would be necessary for us to examine more closely this word Beauty and its derivation. Beauty (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Sch\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u246\'F6nheit}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) comes from show (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Schein}{\f0\fs24\b0 ); it is an appearance, and not worthy to be the object of art. The perfectly characteristic only deserves to be called beauty; without Character there is no Beauty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Surprised by this mode of expression, I replied: Granted, though it be not proved, that beauty must be characteristic; yet from this it only follows that character lies at the root of beauty, but by no means that Beauty and Character are the same. Character holds to the beautiful the same relation that the skeleton does to the living man. No one will deny that the osseous system is the foundation of all highly organized forms. It consolidates and defines the form, but is not the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 38]form itself; still less does it bring about that last appearance which, as the veil and integument of an organized whole, we call Beauty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I cannot embark in similitudes, said my guest, and from your own words, moreover, it is evident that beauty is something incomprehensible, or the effect of something incomprehensible. What cannot be comprehended is naught; what we cannot make clear by words is nonsense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Can you then clearly express in words the effect that a colored body produces on your eyes?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 He.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 That is again a metaphor that I will not be drawn into. It is enough that character can be indicated. You find no beauty without it, else it would be empty and insignificant. All the beauty of the Ancients is only Character, and only out of this quality is beauty developed.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 Our Philosopher}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76103/pg76103-images.html#Footnote_4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\cf4 4]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~had arrived meanwhile and was conversing with my nieces, when, hearing us speak earnestly, he stepped forward; and the stranger, stimulated by the accession of a new hearer, proceeded:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 That is just the misfortune when good heads, when people of merit, get hold of such false principles, which have only an appearance of truth, and spread them wider and wider. None appropriate them so willingly as those who know and understand nothing of the subject. Thus has Lessing fastened upon us the principle that the ancients cultivated only the beautiful; thus has Winckelmann put us to sleep with his \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93noble simplicity and serene greatness\u8221\'94; whereas the art of the ancients appears in all imaginable forms. But these gentlemen tarry by Jupiter and Juno, Genii and Graces,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 39]and hide the ignoble forms and skulls of Barbarians, the rough hair, foul beard, gaunt bones, and wrinkled skin of deformed age, the protruding veins and hanging breasts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the name of God, I exclaimed, are there then independent, self-existing works of the best age of Ancient Art that exhibit such frightful objects? Or are they not rather subordinate works, occasional pieces, creations of an art that must demean itself according to outward circumstances, an art on the decline?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 He.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I give you the specification, you can yourself search and judge. But you will not deny that the Laocoon, that Niobe, that Dirce with her stepsons, are self-subsistent works of art. Stand before the Laocoon and contemplate nature in full revolt and desperation. The last choking pang, the desperate struggle, the maddening convulsion, the working of the corroding poison, the vehement fermenting, the stagnating circulation, suffocating pressure, and paralytic death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Philosopher seemed to look at me with astonishment, and I answered: We shudder, we are horrified at the bare description. In sooth, if it be so with the group of Laocoon, what are we to say of the pleasure we find in this as in every other true work of art? But I will not meddle in the question. You must settle it with the authors of the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Propyl\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u230\'E6a}{\f0\fs24\b0 , who are of just the opposite mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It must be admitted, said my guest, that all Antiquity speaks for me; for where do horror and death rage more hideously than in the representation of the Niobe?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I was confounded by this assertion, for only a short time before I had been looking at the copperplates\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 40]in Fabroni, which I immediately brought forward and opened. I find no trace in the statues of raging horror and death, but rather the greatest subordination of tragical situation under the highest ideas of dignity, nobleness, beauty, and simplicity. I trace everywhere the artistic purpose to dispose the limbs agreeably and gracefully. The character is expressed only in the most general lines, which run through the work like a sort of ideal skeleton.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 He.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Let us turn to the bas-reliefs, which we shall find at the end of the book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We turned to them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 My guest looked at me with a smile, and shrugged his shoulders. Alas,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 said he, as I concluded,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 alas, I see plainly that we can never agree. What a pity that a man of your acquirements, of your sense, will not perceive that these are all empty words; that to a man of understanding Beauty and Ideal must always be a dream which he cannot translate into reality, but finds to be in direct opposition to it....}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Will you allow me also to put in a word?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The guest}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(somewhat scornfully.)\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 With all my heart, and I hope nothing about mere phantoms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I have some acquaintance with the poetry of the ancients, but have little knowledge of the plastic arts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 That I regret; for in that case we can hardly come to an understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And yet the fine arts are nearly related, and the friends of the separate arts should not misunderstand each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Uncle.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Let us hear what you have to say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The old tragic writers dealt with the stuff in which they worked in the same way as the plastic artists, unless these engravings, representing the family of Niobe, give an altogether false impression of the original.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 They are passably good. They convey an imperfect but not a false impression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Well, then, to that extent we can take them for a ground to go upon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Uncle.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 What is it you assert of the treatment of the ancient tragic writers?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 42]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The subjects they chose, especially in the early times, were often of an unbearable frightfulness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Were the ancient fables insupportably frightful?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Undoubtedly; in the same manner as your account of the Laocoon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Did you find that also unbearable?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I ask pardon. I meant the thing you describe, not your description.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And the work itself also?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 By no means the work itself, but that which you have seen in it,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the fable, the history, the skeleton,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that which you name the characteristic. For if the Laocoon really stood before our eyes such as you have described it, we ought not to hesitate a moment to dash it to pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 You use strong expressions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 One may do that as well as another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Uncle.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Now then for the ancient tragedies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Yes, these insupportable subjects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Very good; but also this manner of treatment that makes everything endurable, beautiful, graceful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And that is effected by means of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93simplicity and serene greatness?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 So it appears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 By the softening principle of Beauty?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 It can be nothing else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And the old tragedies were after all not frightful?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Hardly, so far as my knowledge extends, if you listen to the poets themselves. In fact, if we regard in poetry only the material which lies at the foundation, if we are to speak of works of art as if in their\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 43]place we had seen the actual circumstances, then even the tragedies of Sophocles can be described as loathsome and horrible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I will not pass judgment on poetry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Nor I on plastic art.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Yes, it is best for each to stick to his own department.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And yet there is a common point of union for all the arts wherefrom the laws of all proceed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And that is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The soul of man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ay, ay; that is just the way with you gentlemen of the new school of philosophy. You bring everything upon your own ground and province; and, in fact, it is more convenient to shape the world according to your ideas than to adapt your notions to the truth of things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Here is no question of any metaphysical dispute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 If there were I should certainly decline it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I shall admit for the sake of argument that Nature can be imagined as absolutely apart from man, but with him art necessarily concerns itself, for art exists only through man and for man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Where does all this tend?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 You yourself, when you make Character the end of art, appoint the understanding, which takes cognizance of the characteristic, as the judge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 To be sure I do. What I cannot seize with my understanding does not exist for me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Yet man is not only a being of thought, but also of feeling. He is a whole; a union of various, closely connected powers; and to this whole of man\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 44]the work of art is to address itself. It must speak to this rich unity, this simple variety in him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t carry me with you into these labyrinths, for who could ever help us out again?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 It will then be best for us to give up the dispute and each retain his position.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I shall at least hold fast to mine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Perhaps a means may still be found whereby, if one does not take the other\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s position, he can at least observe him in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Propose it then.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 We will for a moment contemplate art in its origin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Let us accompany the work of art on its road to perfection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 But only by the way of experience, if you expect me to follow. I will have nothing to do with the steep paths of speculation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 You allow me to begin at the beginning?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 With all my heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 A man feels an inclination for some object; let us suppose a single living being.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 As, for instance, this pretty lap-dog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Julia.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Come, Bello! It is no small honor to serve as example in such a discussion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Truly, the dog is pretty enough, and if the man we are speaking of had the gift of imitation, he would try in some way to make a likeness of it. But let him prosper never so well in his imitation, we are still not advanced, for we have at best only two Bellos instead of one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 45]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I will not interrupt, but wait and see what is to become of this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Suppose that this man, to whom for the sake of his talent we will give the name of Artist, has by no means satisfied himself as yet; that his desire seems to him too narrow, too limited; that he busies himself about more individuals, varieties, kinds, species, in such wise that at last not the creature itself, but the Idea of the creature stands before him, and he is able to express this by means of his art.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Bravo! That is just my man, and his work must be characteristic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 No doubt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And there I would stop and go no farther.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 But we go beyond this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I stop here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Uncle.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I will go along for the sake of experiment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 By this operation we may arrive at a canon useful indeed, and scientifically valuable, but not satisfactory to the soul of man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 -How then are you going to satisfy the fantastic demands of this dear soul?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Not fantastic; it is only not satisfied in its just claims. An old tradition informs us that the Elohim once took counsel together, saying, let us make man after our own image; and man says therefore, with good cause, let us make gods and they shall be in our image.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 We are getting into a dark region.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 There is only one light that can aid us here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And that is?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 46]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 How far it be a guide or a will-o\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92-wisp is hard to say.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 We need not give it a name; but let us ask ourselves what are the demands the soul makes of a work of art. It is not enough that it fulfils a limited desire, that it satisfies our curiosity, or gives order and stability to our knowledge; that which is Higher in us must be awakened; we must be inspired with reverence, and feel ourselves worthy of reverence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I begin to be at a loss to comprehend you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Uncle.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 But I think I am able to follow in some measure;\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how far, I shall try to make clear by an example. We will suppose our artist had made an eagle in bronze which perfectly expressed the idea of the species, but now he would place him on the sceptre of Jupiter. Do you think it would be perfectly suitable there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 It would depend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Uncle.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I say, No! The artist must first impart to him something beyond all this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 What then?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Uncle.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 It is hard to express.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 So I should think.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And yet something may be done by approximation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 To it then.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 He must give to the eagle what he gave to Jupiter, in order to make him into a God.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And this is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Godlike,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which in truth we should never become acquainted with, did not man feel and himself reproduce it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I continue to hold my ground, and let you ascend into the clouds. I see that you mean to indicate\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 47]the high style of the Greeks, which I prize only so far as it is characteristic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 It is something more to us, however; it answers to a high demand, but still not the highest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 You seem to be very hard to satisfy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 It beseems him to demand much for whom much is in store. Let me be brief. The human soul is in an exalted position when it reverences, when it adores; when it elevates an object and is elevated by it again. But it cannot remain long in this state. The general concept of genus leaves it cold; the Ideal raises it above itself; but now it must return again into itself; and it would gladly enjoy once more that affection which it then felt for the Individual, without coming back to the same limited view, and will not forego the significant, the spirit-moving. What would become of it now, if Beauty did not step in and happily solve the riddle? She first gives life and warmth to the Scientific, and breathing her softening influence and heavenly charm over even the Significant and the High, brings it back to us again. A beautiful work of art has gone through the entire circle; it becomes again an Individual that we can embrace with affection, that we can make our own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Have you done?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 For the present. The little circle is completed; we have come back to our starting point; the soul has made its demands, and those demands have been satisfied. I have nothing further to add. (Here our good uncle was peremptorily called away to a patient.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 It is the custom of you philosophic gentlemen to engage in battle behind high-sounding words, as if it were an \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6gis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 48]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I can assure you that I have not now been speaking as a philosopher. These are mere matters of experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Do you call that experience, whereof another can comprehend nothing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 To every experience belongs an organ.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Do you mean a separate one?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Not a separate one; but it must have one peculiarity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And what is that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 It must be able to produce.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Produce what?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The experience! There is no experience which is not brought forth, produced, created.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 This is too much!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 This is particularly the case with artists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Indeed! How enviable would the portrait painter be, what custom would he not have, if he could reproduce all his customers without troubling people with so many sittings!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I am not deterred by your instance, but rather am convinced no portrait can be worth anything that the painter does not in the strictest sense create.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(springing up).\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 This is maddening! I would you were making game of me, and all this were only in jest. How happy I should be to have the riddle explained in that manner! How gladly would I give my hand to a worthy man like you!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Unfortunately, I am quite in earnest, and cannot come to any other conclusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Guest.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Now I did hope that in parting we should take each other\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, especially since our good host has departed, who would have held the place of mediator\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 49]in your dispute. Farewell, Mademoiselle! Farewell, Sir! I shall inquire to-morrow whether I may wait on you again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So he stormed out of the door, and Julia had scarce time to send the maid, who was ready with the lantern, after him. I remained alone with the sweet child, for Caroline had disappeared some time before,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I think about the time that my opponent had declared that mere beauty, without character, must be insipid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 You went too far, my friend, said Julia, after a short pause. If he did not seem to me altogether in the right, neither can I give unqualified assent to you; for your last assertion was only made to tease him. The portrait painter must make the likeness a pure creation?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Fair Julia, I replied, how much I could wish to make myself clear to you upon this point. Perhaps in time I shall succeed. But you, whose lively spirit is at home in all regions, who not only prize the artist but in some sense anticipate him, and who know how to give form to what your eyes have never seen, as if it stood bodily before you, you should be the last to start when the question is of creation, of production.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Julia.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I see it is your intention to bribe me. That will not be hard, for I like to listen to you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Let us think well of man, and not trouble ourselves if what we say of him may sound a little bizarre. Everybody admits that the poet must be born. Does not every one ascribe to genius a creative power, and no one thinks he is repeating a paradox? We do not deny it to works of fancy; but the inactive, the worthless man will not become aware of the good, the noble, the beautiful, either in himself or others. Whence came\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 50]it, if it did not spring from ourselves? Ask your own heart. Is not the method of intercourse born with intercourse? Is it not the capacity for good deeds that rejoices over the good deed? Who ever feels keenly without the wish to express that feeling? and what do we express but what we create? and in truth, not once only, that it may exist and there end, but that it may operate, ever increase, and again come to life, and again create. This is the god-like power of love, of the singing and speaking of which there is no end, that it reproduces at every moment the noble qualities of the beloved object, perfects it in the least particulars, embraces it in the whole, rests not by day, sleeps not by night, is enchanted with its own work, is astonished at its own restless activity, ever finds the familiar new, because at every moment it is re-created in the sweetest of all occupations. Yes, the picture of the beloved cannot grow old, for every moment is the moment of its birth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The maid returned from lighting the stranger. She was highly satisfied with his liberality, for he had given her a handsome\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 pourboire}{\f0\fs24\b0 ; but she praised his politeness still more highly, for he had dismissed her with a friendly word, and, moreover, called her \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pretty Maid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I was not in a humor to spare him, and exclaimed: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, yes! I can easily credit that one who denies the ideal should take the common for the beautiful.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 To be sure I do. What I cannot seize with my understanding does not exist for me.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Art itself gives laws, and commands the time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Dilettantism follows the lead of the time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When masters in art follow a false taste, the Dilettante expects so much the sooner to reach the level of art.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Dilettante, receiving his first impulse to self-production from the effect of works of art on him, confounds these effects with the objective causes and motives,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 72]and would now make the state of feeling he has been put into productive and practical; as if out of the fragrance of flowers one should try to reproduce flowers themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 speaking to the feelings}{\f0\fs24\b0 , the last effect of all poetical organization, but which presupposes the concurrences of the whole of art, seems to the Dilettante to be the thing itself, and out of it he endeavors to produce.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In general, the Dilettante, in his ignorance of himself, puts the passive in the place of the active, and because he receives a lively impression from effects, thinks from these impressed effects to produce other effects.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The peculiar want of the Dilettante is\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Architectonic}{\f0\fs24\b0 , in the highest sense,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that practical power which creates, forms, constitutes. Of this he has only a sort of misgiving, and submits himself to his material, instead of commanding it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It will be found that the Dilettante runs particularly to neatness, which is the completion of the thing in hand, wherefrom a sort of illusion arises, as if the thing itself were worthy of existing. The same holds true of accuracy (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 accuratesse}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), and all the last conditions of Form, which can just as well accompany the formless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 General principles on which Dilettantism is allowable:\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When the Dilettante subjects himself to the severest rules at the outset, and undertakes to complete all the successive steps with the greatest strictness,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which he can the better afford to do, inasmuch as (1) the goal is not demanded of him; and, (2) if he wishes to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 73]retreat, he has prepared the surest path to connoisseurship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In opposition to the general maxim, the Dilettante will thus be subject to more severe criticism than the Artist, who, resting upon a secure basis of art, incurs less danger in departing from rules, and may even by that means enlarge the province of art itself. The true artist rests firmly and securely upon himself. His endeavor, his mark, is the highest aim of art. In his own estimation he will always be far from that aim, and necessarily, therefore, will be always modest in regard to art or the idea of art, and will maintain that he has as yet accomplished little, no matter how excellent his work may be, or how high his consciousness of superiority, in reference to the world, may reach. Dilettanti, or real botchers, seem, on the other hand, not to strive towards an aim, not to see what is beyond, but only what is beside them. On this account they are always comparing, are for the most part extravagant in their praise, unskilful where they blame, have an infinite deference for their like, thus giving themselves an air of friendliness and fairness, which is in fact only to exalt themselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Dilettante jumps over the steps, stops at certain steps which he regards as the end, and from which he thinks himself justified in judging of the whole; this prevents his perfectibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He subjects himself to the necessity of working by false rules, because he cannot work even as a Dilettante without some rules, and he does not understand the true objective rules.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He departs more and more from the truth of objects, and loses himself in subjective errors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Dilettantism deprives art of its element, and spoils art\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s public by depriving it of its earnestness and strictness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 All tendency to easy contentment destroys art, and Dilettantism brings in indulgence and favor. At the expense of the true artists, it brings into notice those that stand nearest to Dilettantism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With Dilettantism the loss is always greater than the gain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From handicraft the way is open to rise to art, but not from botch-work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 78]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Dilettantism favors the indifferent, partial, and characterless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Injury Dilettanti do to art by bringing artists down to their level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Can bear no good artist near them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In all cases where the art itself has no proper regulative power, as in Poetry, the art of Gardening, acting, the injury Dilettantism does is greater, and its pretensions more arrogant. The worst case is that of histrionic art.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 (1) Progressive, which advance the action. These the drama uses pre\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u235\'EBminently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 (2) Retrogressive, which draw the action away from its goal. These the epic poem uses almost exclusively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 (3) Retarding, which delay the progress of the action or lengthen its course. Both epic and tragic poetry use these to very great advantage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 (4) Retrospective, which introduce into the poem events which happened before the time of the poem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 (5) Prospective, which anticipate what will happen after the time of the poem. The epic as well as the dramatic poet uses the last two kinds of motives to make his poem complete.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Every one who has concerned himself at all about the theory of poetic art\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and of tragedy in particular\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 will remember a passage in Aristotle which has caused the commentators much difficulty, without their ever having been able to convince themselves wholly of its meaning. In his definition of tragedy this great writer seems to demand of it that, through the representation of stirring deeds and events, which should arouse pity and fear, the soul of the spectator should be purified of these passions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 My thoughts and convictions in regard to this passage I can best impart by a translation of it:\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tragedy is the imitation of a significant and complete action, which has a certain extension in time and is portrayed in beautiful language by separate individuals, each of whom plays a r\u244\'F4le, instead of having\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 105]all represented by one person as in the narration of a story or epic. After a course of events arousing pity and fear, the action closes with the equilibration of these passions.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the foregoing translation, I believe I have made this hitherto dubious passage clear; it will only be necessary to add the following remarks: Could Aristotle, notwithstanding his always objective manner,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as, for instance, here, where he seems to be speaking exclusively of the technique of tragedy,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 be really thinking of the effect, indeed the distant effect, upon the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 spectator}{\f0\fs24\b0 ? By no means! He speaks clearly and definitely: When the course of action is one arousing pity and fear, the tragedy must close\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 on the stage}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~with an equilibration, a reconciliation, of these emotions.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Poetry is ever freeing itself from such fetters as it arbitrarily imposes upon itself; superstition, on the contrary, can be compared to the magic cords which draw together ever the tighter, the more one struggles against them. The time of greatest enlightenment is not secure from it; let it strike an uncultured century or epoch, and the clouded mind of poor humanity begins to strive after the impossible, to endeavor to have intercourse with and influence the supernatural, the far-distant, the future. A numerous world of marvels it constructs for itself, surrounded with a circle of darkness and gloom. Such clouds hang over whole centuries, and grow thicker and thicker. The imagination broods over a waste of sensuality; reason seems to have turned back like Astr\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6a to its divine origin; wisdom is in despair, since she has no means of successfully asserting her rights. Superstition does not harm the poet, for he knows how to make its half-truths, to which he gives only a literary validity, count in manifold ways for good}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Criticism is either destructive or constructive. The former is very easy; for one need only set up some imaginary standard, some model or other, however foolish this may be, and then boldly assert that the work of art under consideration does not measure up to that standard, and therefore is of no value. That settles the matter, and one can without any more ado declare that the poet has not come up to one\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s requirements. In this way the critic frees himself of all obligations of gratitude toward the artist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Constructive criticism is much harder. It asks: What did the author set out to do? Was his plan reasonable and sensible, and how far did he succeed in carrying it out? If these questions are answered with discernment and sympathy, we may be of real assistance to the author in his later works, for even in his first attempts he has undoubtedly taken certain preliminary steps which approach the level of our criticism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Wilhelm had scarcely read one or two of Shakespeare\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plays, till their effect on him became so strong that he could go no farther. His whole soul was in commotion. He sought an opportunity to speak with Jarno; to whom, on meeting with him, he expressed his boundless gratitude for such delicious entertainment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I clearly enough foresaw,\u8221\'94 said Jarno, \u8220\'93that you would not remain insensible to the charms of the most extraordinary and most admirable of all writers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 exclaimed our friend, \u8220\'93I cannot recollect that any book, any man, any incident of my life, has produced such important effects on me, as the precious works to which by your kindness I have been directed. They seem as if they were performances of some celestial genius, descending among men, to make them, by the mildest instructions, acquainted with themselves. They are no fictions! You would think, while reading them, you stood before the unclosed awful Books of Fate, while the whirlwind of most impassioned life was howling through the leaves, and tossing them fiercely to and fro. The strength and tenderness, the power and peacefulness, of this man, have so astonished and transported me, that I long vehemently for the time when I shall have it in my power to read farther.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 146]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bravo!\u8221\'94 said Jarno, holding out his hand, and squeezing our friend\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93This is as it should be! And the consequences, which I hope for, will likewise surely follow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish,\u8221\'94 said Wilhelm, \u8220\'93I could but disclose to you all that is going on within me even now. All the anticipations I ever had regarding man and his destiny, which have accompanied me from youth upwards, often unobserved by myself, I find developed and fulfilled in Shakespeare\u8217\'92s writings. It seems as if he cleared up every one of our enigmas to us, though we cannot say, Here or there is the word of solution. His men appear like natural men, and yet they are not. These, the most mysterious and complex productions of creation, here act before us as if they were watches, whose dial plates and cases were of crystal, which pointed out, according to their use, the course of the hours and minutes; while, at the same time, you could discern the combination of wheels and springs that turned them. The few glances I have cast over Shakespeare\u8217\'92s world incite me, more than anything beside, to quicken my footsteps forward into the actual world, to mingle in the flood of destinies that is suspended over it, and at length, if I shall prosper, to draw a few cups from the great ocean of true nature, and to distribute them from off the stage among the thirsting people of my native land.\u8221\'94...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76103/pg76103-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76103/pg76103-images.html}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  I am struck by the sense of these people in their salon, stunned by hamlet, talking about beauty and cosmic genius, while somewhere near, the servants are brewing. Two hundred years ago, in this land, the peasants were slaughtered to a man.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }