{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In this respect, even traditionalism had its mission and use, as a hedge around the law to render its infringement or modification impossible.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Him Who had once throned there between the Cherubim, and Who was still King over Zion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here in the impenetrable gloom of the innermost sanctuary, which the High-Priest alone might enter once a year for most solemn expiraion, had stood the Ark, hte leader of the people into the Land of Promise, and the footstool on which the Shechinah had rested. From that golden altar rose the sweet cloud of incense, symbol of Israel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s accepted prayers; that seven-branched candlestick shed its perpetual light, indicitive of the brightness of God\u8217\'92s Covenant Preence; on that table, as it were before the face of Jehovah, was laid, week by week, \u8220\'93the Bread of the Face,\u8217\'92a constant sacrificial meal which Israel offered unto God, and wherewith God in turn fed His chosen priesthood. On the great blood-sprinkeled altar of sacrifice smoked the daily and festive burnt-offerings,\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prostitituion of the holy office.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~"remarkably absent-minded, in regard to the common things of life," but "intensely exercised about the higher and eternal realities." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dust of ten centuries wiped from the eyelids of those sleepers, and one of them who thronged jerusalem in the highday of its glory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not worthy to loose the latchet of my shoes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 John - he only held open the door of the new Kingdom; himself entered it not, and that was least in that kingdom was greter than he}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Durant - nietzche}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greeks - why do you force me to say what is better left unheard? The best is unattainable. Better to be never been born. To be nothing. Then to have died early.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is only through the aesthetic phenomenon that existence seems justified. The subliime is the subjugation of the awful. Pessimism is a sign of decay. Optimism is a sign of superficiality. Tragic optimism is the mood of the strong man who seeks intensity and intent of experience, even at the cost of life. Tragedy is the proof that greeks were not pessimists. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If evil were not good it would have disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cruelty consitutied the great joy and delight in ancient man. And he believs that our pleasure in the tragic drama or in anything sublime is a refined and vicarious cruelty. Man is the cruelest animal, sayeth Zarathustra. When gazing at tragedies, bul fights and crucifixions, he felt happier than at any other time on earth. And when he invented hell, Lo, hell was his heaven on earth. He coudl put up with suffering now by contemplating the eternal punishment of his opperssors in the other world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stench of shopkeepers, the wriggling of ambition, the evil bread. There is no use in such men in having wealth because they cannot give it the dignity of noble use, in the discriminating patrogane of letters or the arts. Only a man of intellect should hold property. At last man becomes a bird of prey. THey live in ambush of one another, attain things by lying in wait. They seek the smallest profits out of every sort of rubbish\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85and these men call out for laiseez fair, to be let alone, these men who most need supervision and control. Perhaps even some degree of socialism should be justified here. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A general who uses a soldier on the battlefield, who have the pleasure of dying under the anasthesia of glory, is far better than the employer who uses up men in his profit machine. Observe with what relief a man leaves their factories for the field of slaughter. Napoleon is not a butcher but a benefactor. He gave men death with military honors instead of death by economic attrition. People flock to his standard because the prefer the risks of battle than the unbearable monotony of making another million collar buttons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 schopenhaouer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He who is commanded is because he cannot obey himself.    A mothers lovbe vs a mothers hate}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 When a head and a book come into collision, and sound is hollow, is it always the book?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The intellect is merely the minister of foreign affairs. The will is dominant.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}