{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Introduce Pel killing ox first, and thennnnn Vigram explaining shit. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Okay -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Have vigram standing off to the side. Lora is the one engaging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri supposes this is some sort of set up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Lora eats his cow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram enters and restrains.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ennui as a symptom of boundaries. false boundaries of course nothing will be interesting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hate/disgust as the seeds of genius; because you have to dislike what everyoen else is doing to do it differenlty.}
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 n old woman wrapped in black.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 dire. There was a nasty squint in the shadow of her shawl, as well as a nose that was impossible to reason with. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t too old, just sun-leathered, and dammit she was tall, too tall for an old woman. That was man\u8217\'92s air she was breathing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri figured she was strong too, because her back bore a large canvas sack that nearly doubled her size. And she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t adorned with the usual veneer of civilization\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no shine-black bracelets, or bangles, or silver hoop earrings, no makeup or red-thread leaves trimming her robe. The only ornament in sight was the turtle-shell hilt of a dagger that she kept fashionably crooked in her waistband. The rest of her tawny self seemed slapped together in a reed hut on the banks of the river Jek. Her robes were black, yes, but stained dusty brown all over. She was dirty, with perfect teeth, yes, a full complement of perfectly straight and sun-bleached teeth were sparkling. They practically outshone the sun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have your testicles?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not lying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did Lora send you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have your testicles?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her teeth flashed as she spoke. Her head pitched into a suspecting tilt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girls in Meskalim all say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shook his head in disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just because I don\u8217\'92t go in for the haggard girls of Meskalim, doesn\u8217\'92t make\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what are you on about, anyways?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer my question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have your testicles?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not lying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did Lora send you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you are Mandrameen,\u8221\'94 the woman said as she flattened an unruly page with her palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who are you?\u8221\'94 Mandri demanded to know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Pel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if you would, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Pel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , this is my land, and I want you to leave.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t be long,\u8221\'94 Pel smirked. \u8220\'93I wish only to ask a few questions, then I will be on my way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri took another swig of his hooch. By the looks of her, Pel didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have any money, so if this was about money, then she was here to take it. If that little book of hers was a book of debts, well, Mandri would not be able to pay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you from, Pel?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I come from that which everything comes; I come from the Allwhite.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you\u8217\'92re one of those.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One of what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An itinerant priest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Priestess,\u8221\'94 Pel corrected. \u8220\'93My god is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The gods are all dead,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, already bored.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As may be, but there is hope for a return.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So I\u8217\'92ve heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me and mine have no need for such trifles.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which is he, if not Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah!\u8221\'94 Pel exclaimed as she underlined something in her book with her finger. \u8220\'93Here you are. Mandrameen Andramawmun. That is your full name? You\u8217\'92ve a good name. A strong Jandri name. An Old Jandri name. That\u8217\'92s good. My notes say your tutelage began at the age of five. Is that right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If this woman was looking for a painter to rough up some backwater temple icon, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come to the wrong place. Unless she had money.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have money?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My scribblings say you were a decent hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It says you have a\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Pel bent down to get a better look at the words. \u8220\'93It says you\u8217\'92ve a triptych hanging in the garden of Zee.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is hanging }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 inside}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the garden?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You couldn\u8217\'92t make it into the house?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a right old hag, aren\u8217\'92t you? You know what? Leave. I don\u8217\'92t care if you have money, I\u8217\'92m not going to paint anything for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The woman sat down upon her pack. She pulled from her ragged robe a brown paper booklet whose makeshift spine was composed of peeling wax and fraying twine. She laid this crudity flat on her lap and flipped through a few pages. There weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t many of them. Mandri craned his neck to see if he could read what was there, but the burgeonsight made that impossible\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 edges were starting to bleed together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel reached into her robe and pulled out a silver string stacked full of little round coins, each the size of a thumb nail. The burgeon had them sparkling magnificently. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re in want of money?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face must have been doing somersaults because the old woman looked almost frightened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll pay me to answer questions?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Questions about what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you may be aware, the Lordship in these lands lacks a Mazid. Salavan Soreen, in his Lordships service, has entrusted me with the search for a suitable body to imbue with that power.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Potentially. Do you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  this for yourself?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already answered one question.\u8221\'94 He held out his hand like a beggar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel sighed and untied the silver string. She unthreaded a shining disc and tossed it. Despite Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inebriated state, he snatched the coin out of the air. It was strangely light in his hand, an unfamiliar mint. He couldn\u8217\'92t parse any of the identifying marks for the burgeonsight blurred it all underneath a smattering of sparkles. It wasn\u8217\'92t a Hrkan coin, anyways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To answer your question,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93No, I don\u8217\'92t care for it.\u8221\'94 He then held out his hand again. \u8220\'93For the next question, you need to pay in advance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Curb your greed, boy, I\u8217\'92ve plenty more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel flipped to another page in her book, then flipped right back to where she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been. \u8220\'93I might be skipping things I shouldn\u8217\'92t. Let me make sure\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She fingered a scribble, then read it aloud. \u8220\'93Have you ever prayed to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that have to do with anything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer the question. Have you ever prayed to the good god Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I have, who hasn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri held out his hand yet again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel waved it away. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you spoken the words yourself? I do not count a prayer circle where someone else does the heavy lifting. Have you ever run away to a quiet place and whispered words to Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who hasn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to remember how many questions that made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel cocked her eye, frowned, then scribbled something into her book.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that you\u8217\'92re writing there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye took on a sinister gleam. \u8220\'93Can you read?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I can read.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what does this say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She held her book open towards Mandri. The pages were blank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t say anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel tossed three more coins at him, then scribbled another secret nothing into her book. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many burgeons have you eaten?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri held out his needy hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94 Pel smirked. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s obvious. You\u8217\'92re high as a blackbeak. You should see your eyes. But that\u8217\'92s good. It is good.\u8221\'94 She jotted down another note. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re fitting the mold, Mandrameen. Does that excite you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to pay for that question?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boy, if the prospect of becoming one of the Mazidai does not excite you, then you\u8217\'92ve a dim Spark indeed.\u8221\'94 She flicked a coin into his lap. \u8220\'93How do you feel about power over all, eternal life, and infinite pleasure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll take the pleasure,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever killed someone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you feel about killing people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pay me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A flash of annoyance cinched Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weathered features. She tossed another coin into Mandri\u8217\'92s lap, then repeated her question. \u8220\'93How do you feel about killing people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not want to answer, but he suspected it was the only way to get this old hag to leave. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killing someone,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93well, it depends, doesn\u8217\'92t it? The morality of something like that, it depends. Am I killing in self-defense? Are these, I don\u8217\'92t know, are they murderers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You believe that killing is a question of morality?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me rephrase\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how do you feel about people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do I feel about people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t mind if everyone dropped dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t answer my questions with questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, everybody should be judged on their own\u8230\'85what\u8217\'92s the point of this, anyways? You want me to kill someone?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is what the Mazidai do. They kill people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I know, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People are dying all the time, child. Right this very moment, they are dying. I don\u8217\'92t mean one or two, the deaths number in the thousands. Thousands are dying, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right now}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think of them, do you? But I do, and it is my duty to ensure that everyone is dying for a purpose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And the Lordship needs me for this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It needs someone like you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It might be you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Find someone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel laughed. Hers was a grating laugh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half cackle, half delirious groan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is not how this works.\u8221\'94 She sat back on her bag and cherished Mandri\u8217\'92s simplicity. \u8220\'93I do not pick someone to play the part. If you are fit for divine purpose, then that is that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She closed her book and tucked it back into her robes. She stood up, and Mandri, thinking she was about to leave, whispered a chime of praise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you\u8217\'92re coming too,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve answered well\u8230\'85or poorly depending upon your view. I\u8217\'92m going to deliver you to Salavan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m sorry you feel that way, as I will not be going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri snuggled back into his tree-crook. He made a show of going to sleep, but of course he was peeking to try and spy what Pel was thinking and doing. At present,}}