{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri followed Elrahet down into }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 a }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 meandering maze of close}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -felt}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  darkness}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . The air was alive the sounds of footfalls}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  and heavy breathing, some of it seeming to come from outside the bounds of the torchlight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no doubt the wheezing of giddy demons just waiting for a chance to strike. Then Elrahet turned a tight corner and passed underneath an unassuming }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 gray stone}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  frame with out so much as a shrug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This door frame had perfectly plumb and squared columns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unfamiliar symbols were scratched}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  into its posts}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  hesitated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl hustled past him with an annoyed shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah ran right along. She assumed Mandri was too weak to keep up with the pace. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no time for rest,\u8221\'94 she said as she disappeared into the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d taken up responsibility for the rear of their little file as they shuffled through the dark, paused before th}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 is doorless}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 threshold}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . It was clear from }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 his worried expression that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the language was foreign to him. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He muttered a prayer and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 kept on marching, and when Mandri lost sight of light of}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  torch, he dared a whisper to Obo, who still sat in his pack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you know about Shis?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are too many conflicting stories,\u8221\'94 Obo said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri waved his torch over the graven letters in the rock. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Can you read this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo climbed out of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack to peek over Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulder and get a gander.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Schisol}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s screed,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Do not seek, for if you are pure, you will find the truth. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Do not obey, for if you have the truth, you will be in the right.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Do not teach, for if you are in the right, you will be followed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Do not live, for if you are followed, you will be immortal.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should keep moving, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? They\u8217\'92re casually strolling down into Shis\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and why? Because Elrahet said so? She could be leading us to a slaughter}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The graven letters in the rock almost looked like stab wounds instead of }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 symbols}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Mandri dared to reach out and touch them, and he found there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a single speck of dust polluting the grooves. Either they\u8217\'92d been cut yesterday, or someone was washing the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93Whatever\u8217\'92s down here, I\u8217\'92ll handle it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice came bounding out of the dark tunnel ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MANDRI!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo shouted back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re coming!\u8221\'94, and then he gave Mandri an encouraging pat on the shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stepped through the gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What followed was a careful stumble down an uneven descent. Whoever had constructed that stone threshold made little effort to tame its passage, for the steeper drops were studded with a few thick blocks of wood masquerading as stairs and that was it. And this path eventually emptied out into a hole of endless black, with only a narrow foot-wide ledge around its rim to serve as a passage across. Elrahet and the others were creeping along this treacherous brink, with only a few cutout handholds keeping them from certain death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once all the Ayramun had shimmied across, it was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn. He tried to move but his knees were locked in fear. His armpits were practically sweating rain despite the chill that blew up from the fissure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked at the ledge as it flickered in the torchlight. It was barely there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on,\u8221\'94 said Moto from the other side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tossed his torch across\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to try this with only one hand. Then he prayed a wordless prayer, stepped up to the abyss, and began to side-shuffle along the ledge. He was halfway across when a sliver of stone broke out from under his leading foot. He swayed out into the darkness, but he was able to pull himself against the rock wall and regained his balance, but he didn\u8217\'92t regain his wits until the falling stone banged against the bottom of the abyss, sending a stupefying far-flung BOOM echoing up and nearly knocking Mandri loose. Mandri hid his terror with a laugh. When he made it across, Obo suggested that perhaps, someone else should carry him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They journeyed on and the rock passages grew tighter, as if to swallow them up. The walls were so narrow in places that Mandri had to undo his pack and thrutch through them sideways, dragging his Obo laden pack behind like a stubborn dog. Elrahet marched through it all with purpose in her step. She spared no hesitation whenever a decision needed to be made about which dark and foreboding path to take. Mandri had expected this adventure under the earth would resemble their stumbling through the temple Shulgi\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 butting into dead ends and unremembered rooms, but that never happened. Elrahet had been here before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She led them into a tight zigzag of ceilingless fissures staccatoed by slumps of fallen rock. Past these they crawled through a jagged tube in the rock that swerved as it slid downhill, and this left Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands cold and clammy, and he started to forget his fear of demons because he was more concerned with the rock itself, for his torch-light\u8217\'92s narration of these passages was unreliable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hidden edges ripped at his woolen robe, shadows which he mistook for mere divots gave way to potholes to twist his ankle. And the longer it went on the less and less he cared about even these scrapes and bruises. He wondered if this malaise was a result of nearing to the core of Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He measured out time by measuring the weariness in his legs. The start of soreness in his calves was a sign that it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been at least four hands. Once the unremitting burn set into his thighs, well that marked at least a half-days journey. It was an accurate system, or so Mandri believed, because every time he reached the edge of giving up Elrahet stopped underneath a hang of rock and they rested, huddled around a small fire of twigs, though they rested only as long as it took for the fire to turn the twigs to ash. After the second rest like this, Mandri\u8217\'92s system of measurement was broke, because when they started out again his legs were already sore. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until the fourth march that Mandri\u8217\'92s shoes slapped onto paved floor. This came as a great surprise because the walls were still rough hewn, and his feet were so used to stubbing their toes against unsettling bumps, that finding themselves on a surface as flat as screeded sand challenged their whole sense of reality. It was grey clay tiling, and engraved along the border of each square tile was a jagged chain of thorns. This hall spilled out into a larger one, and this larger hall opened up into a cavern that was so large that its size was impossible to say. The entirety of this cavern floor was paved in those tiles, an endless sea of them, and every twenty steps the pattern was broken up by a larger square engraved with an inverted sun. It was unfamiliar design, like a flower with it\u8217\'92s petals closed, and though Mandri had never seen its like before he knew it was a sign of Schisol. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sound of their shuffling feet reverberated out into the emptiness, and they all hunched along as if sneaking. Mandri almost laughed at the sight of his skulking band, because if any nearby demons wanted to know what had disturbed their slumber, all they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to do was open their eyes and see a flock of fools spotlighted by their own torches. And they moved like this for half a hand, not speaking a word, until they arrived at the cavern\u8217\'92s end. They could go no further, for the grey stone wall in front of them ran straight up into the dark, featureless save for a giant stone double-door that would take a team of oxen to open. These imposing doors were to sized to the height and shoulders of gods, and every inch of them were carved with figures, demonic figures from which Batata had drawn inspiration. But these demons looked much more real when rendered in stone, and instead of whipping stick-figured humans, they were doing unmentionable things to men and women fully fleshed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Set atop these doors was a stone head in flat relief, bald like Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and twice as unnerving because it seemed to be licking its lips at sight of Mandri\u8217\'92s Spark. This head was set into the lintel, which was itself carved to look like spreading shoulders, and the rest of the door frame was sculpted to look like arms, and these long and spindly arms stretched down to the floor where the hands cupped the door\u8217\'92s bottom hinges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Spark a fire,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet as she eyed the doors with wrinkled scorn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto unstrapped his pack and pulled out a handful broken twigs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93All of it. We might be waiting here a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was thankful for the pause, though he wished Elrahet had picked a less conspicuous location. It seemed imprudent to make camp on the very doorstep of Shis, and judging from the nervous looks the others shared, he was not the only one to feel that way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto recruited more wood from the others and set a campfire alight, making sure to keep a healthy distance away from the door. When that was done, he smothered everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s torch with the same rag that Obo had used to wipe himself clean of the Amalgamete\u8217\'92s stomach. Mandri, robbed of his own personal comfort flame, sat as close to the fire as he could. Meanwhile, Obo slid out of the litter to go and reflect upon the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Mazyd stilted along on his nubby arms, a swiveling gait, a pitiful sight, yet Obo moved with an air of confidence, and he plopped himself down in before those terrifying doors so that Schisol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head at the top was staring down right at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said aloud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are we going to open it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Open the doors of Shis!?\u8221\'94 exclaimed Moto. \u8220\'93Are you mad?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think you\u8217\'92ll find?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I want to open it,\u8221\'94 said Obo as he studied the door\u8217\'92s manic display of torture. \u8220\'93I should very much like to see what all the fuss is about. After all, this is what we\u8217\'92ve come to see, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All eyes turned to Elrahet, for only she knew what they were doing down here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet pulled Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack aside so that she could sit on it and warm her bony knees by the fire. When she had settled, she said, \u8220\'93Come and sit. I\u8217\'92ve a story to tell that you all need to hear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo hurried over and sat down in the spot between Mandri and Purl. Moteah passed around a bag of jerked beef, while Moto was gracious enough to share a skin of beer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an unprecedented courtesy which led Mandri to wonder if this were a final meal. He chewed his food nervously as sounds echoed out of the cavern\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s starless sky\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 faint drips water, the soft hiss of wind gusting up through some unseen shaft, the scuffle and shrieking squeak of a rat who\u8217\'92d met his end in the jaws of a silent hunter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My story begins at the Beginning,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said, \u8220\'93When all existence belonged to a single Spark. Then Solrah came to be. No one knows how She came to be. Somehow, the Spark was pierced and Solrah bled out of it as sap bleeds out of a tree. Memory of Solrah survived through her son, Solraheen, for though Solrah died in childbirth, Solraheen inherited Her mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This was the second age, when all that existed was Solraheen and the Spark. This age was, I believe, the longest of them all, though there were no days, and there were no years\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no counting of time, and yet, well, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter. In the end, Solraheen grew lonely. He spoke the first word, and this word shattered the Spark, and from these fragments Solraheen created a garden world. He created land and sea for His enjoyment, and He created all manner of creatures for His companionship. He found this to be difficult, for the heat of the Spark withered stone and burned flesh and everything eventually died. But Solraheen was endlessly creative. He invented love, and in so doing he managed to tweak and bend the sacred Spark to defy death, for death was conquered with every new birth. He had created a creation which sustained itself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even created itself. Solraheen was proud, and like a proud parent he believed that His child should be free of His influence to continue on and define itself on its own terms. So he laid down to die, but He did not fully die, for against His will His body woke again, possessed by a different mind. This mind was none other than the mind of Schisol.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hung tight to every word. This was not a telling he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard before. There were familiar elements, yes, but the telling was lured with heresy and forbidden knowledge, especially tantalizing was the suggestion that Solraheen and Schisol were of the same flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol awoke into Solraheen\u8217\'92s body like a newborn babe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 without knowledge of the world or even Himself, or even of Solrah who came before. He wandered His brother\u8217\'92s garden as confused as any of us ever did. As the ages passed His mind matured, and He felt the heat of Sparked creatures and saw how their every breath was a flame, how their bodies were burning, slowly, until death. He saw an endless cycle of loneliness and pain, and he came to believe that creation was a corruption, that all Sparks had been shattered from a single Spark, and that to cure loneliness and death they should be reunited again into an eternally happy whole, in perfect communion with each other. So He set about destroying the garden, killing all creatures and joining their Sparks together. It took Him a long millennia, but in the end He prevailed. The last thing to join together with the whole was Himself, and so He killed Himself, but He did not fully die, for against His will His body woke again, this time, in the possession of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen awoke once again into a void next to the all-white Spark, and he saw that His creation had been erased. He had no memory of what had occurred while Schisol was in control of the body, and He had no memory of Schisol. He blamed Himself for His garden\u8217\'92s failure. Though His grief was immeasurable, He began His work again. This time He selected a number from amongst the creatures which roamed the earth and into them He invested Mind, so that they could, in His absence, act as stewards of all creation. These were the first humans, and they lived peaceably with each other, and they gave birth to Art, Philosophy, and a wondrous Civilization, so wondrous that Solraheen was once again satisfied again with His garden. As before, He laid down to rest so that His creation could come into its own, but instead of dying, His body rose again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol,\u8221\'94 Moto muttered in a breath of child-like wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol awoke into His worst nightmare, for He saw that the all-white Spark had once again been split, and another miserable garden was blossoming, trapping all the splinters of the Spark into a never-ending cycle of dread and despair. Amongst the lonely creatures that roamed this garden were the saddest, loneliest, most terrifying creatures imaginable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 humans. Then one day Schisol saw a man kill himself out of heartbreak, and instead of that man\u8217\'92s Spark being reinvested into the Spark-ensnaring cycle, the man\u8217\'92s Spark was lost forever, dimming the whole should it ever be put back together again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol set out again to destroy all creation. To hasten this end he explained to humanity their suffering, he taught them about the splitting of the Spark, and he enlisted their aid in destroying the rest of creation. But some humans remembered the teachings of Solraheen, they remembered that they did not want to die, and so they resisted. Schisol inflicted tortures upon them, but this pain instead invested them with tremendous power, and they became the lesser gods. These forces arrayed themselves against Schisol and His minions. A cataclysmic battle took place. Schisol Himself was slain. But he was not completely dead, his body arose again, centuries later, and again, Solraheen walked the earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The world He walked was a land laid waste by war. He asked the struggling humans what had occurred, but He did not believe their stories, for some amongst them were liars, still under the sway of Schisol\u8217\'92s corrupted teachings even if they did not know it. Solraheen selected from amongst them a girl, one whom he trusted, and he gave her the gift of immortal life that she might act as His envoy, for He was concerned that if He were to die again, then His garden would become corrupted again. He did what he could to regenerate the world, but Schisol\u8217\'92s minions conspired to end Him. They summoned an Amalgamete, one much greater than Greskal, and this creature gave birth to the foulest of demons and it murdered Solraheen. But again, He did not die, not completely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He arose as Schisol, and Solraheen\u8217\'92s immortal envoy ran to Him, thinking, of course, that the He were Solraheen. It was then that the truth Their dual nature was revealed. Schisol learned that He Himself was responsible for all the suffering in this Garden, and His rage was boundless. Those were dark days, but when Schisol regained Himself, He came to believe that if he could communicate with Solraheen, He could convince Him that this garden was a perversion of the Spark, and that Solraheen would agree to put an end to all the senseless suffering. So, Schisol resolved to send a message to His twin brother\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but as He did not trust Solraheen\u8217\'92s envoy to do the message justice, Schisol raised up a young woman for Himself and gave her eternal life. With her He shared His corrupted message, and then He ended Himself, that Solraheen might arise and learn the truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol\u8217\'92s envoy tried to convince Solraheen to destroy the world and reunite the Spark, but her message was ill received. Solraheen, in defiance of His brother\u8217\'92s wishes, regenerated the world anew. As you might guess, Schisol\u8217\'92s woman rallied Schisol\u8217\'92s minions, and they murdered Solraheen, and the world has been stuck in a cycling ever since. When Schisol lives, Solraheen\u8217\'92s blessed are martyred and their purified Sparks transform into gods who join together to undo Schisol\u8217\'92s terror. When Solraheen lives, Schisol\u8217\'92s minions raise up armies demons to undo Him. As you well know, we live in the age of Solraheen, but what has been done in this age has been done in no other\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in a desperate attempt to end the cycle, Solraheen called down a piece of the void and trapped Himself underneath it, so as to forever forestall Schisol\u8217\'92s return. Even if He were to be killed, Schisol would awaken trapped underneath a mountain of Fabled Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo spoke up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I take that it didn\u8217\'92t work, else you wouldn\u8217\'92t need me to try and free Him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it was a mistake. Solraheen hoped that with the battle over, that love and goodness would thrive and push Skisol\u8217\'92s minions back into their barrows under the earth. But He did not forsee what the Hrkan Lords would do to Him, or how they would twist his message. Without Solraheen\u8217\'92s guidance, Schisol\u8217\'92s creed has spread like weed, and I worry that when the next cycle comes, there won\u8217\'92t be enough righteous men and women to fight it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stared longingly into the fire and the lines on her face grew deep. The others shared her contemplative stillness, for one cannot speak, or even think, when digesting a story as hers. Mandri chewed on his slip of beef and rummaged around his thoughts for a hint on how to feel about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard too many world-explaining stories to be sure that Elrahet told the true, nonetheless, Elrahet had led him straight to the doors of Shis, so if anyone had such knowledge it should be her. A sign or confirmation, when suddenly, out of the darkness around him there arose a voice, a woman\u8217\'92s voice, a voice as old and rumbling as Elrahet\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welllllcome\u8221\'94, it said in a gnarled, as if it were inviting him to join the dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri spun his back to fire and faced the cavernous void. He saw nothing and no one. Then came a grinding sound as stone slid against stone. The great doors of Shis were swiveling in their hinges. They swiveled inward, and they opened up a wide enough slit for a single figure to pass through\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an old woman tall and graceful, robed in a single black sheet that draped down to the floor but did not touch, and as the woman moved towards the fire she seemed to float. Mandri recognized her instantly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was Pell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the demon-witch who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d killed is ox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the dark priestess who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d set this  all into motion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both Moto and Moteah sprang up and drew their swords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay your hand!\u8221\'94 Elrahet shouted. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s who we\u8217\'92ve come to see.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you come to see me,\u8221\'94 said Pell she drifted nearer, her long black robe reflecting a velvet sheen. \u8220\'93Or have you come to tell these people lies?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told no lies,\u8221\'94 Elrahet growled as she stood up with the help of her cane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh please,\u8221\'94 said Pell, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re old enough to know that when you leave out important details, that\u8217\'92s as good as lying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell came to a halt a few yards away from the fire, careful not to enter the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s circle. Moto and Moteah had yet to sheathe their swords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know I could kill you all with a blink,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand tightened against the leather grip of his sword. Mandri knew swords were no use here, and that Moto, fast as he was, could not outswing the speed of that deceptive witch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s posturing,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said as she made her way around the fire to confront her counterpart. She stood before the much taller witch and stamped her cane defiantly against the floor. \u8220\'93She and we have a truce.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We do,\u8221\'94 said Pell. \u8220\'93Though I must admit, there\u8217\'92s always that lingering thought, isn\u8217\'92t there, that if I were to kill you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 one more time}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , it could be the death that sticks.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s retort was grumble, to which Pell smiled and said, \u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92ve come to my door to offer yourselves to the slaughter, then I accept.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said we\u8217\'92ve come to see you, and that\u8217\'92s all we\u8217\'92ve come to do. Seeing you is enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Amusement flickered across Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s aged face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See me? That\u8217\'92s all?}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I know I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m beautiful, but to make such a journey to merely }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 see}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s too flattering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Some among us needed to see your evil for themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s imperious gaze turned to the others gathered around the fire, and especially Obo. She leered at him as a Lord leers at a broken man. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve come to show off your new toy, is that it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazyd is no toy,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s as Sparked as you and me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The news shattered Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smirk into a wrinkling frown. She spat at Obo, then regarded Elrahet anew with fury. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no end to your perversions of the Spark, is there!? Still building abominations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Abomination?\u8221\'94 Elrahet snarled. \u8220\'93Speak of abomination, bitch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what of the poles in the Goree Pass?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The mention of those accursed poles set Pell back at ease. She drew her lips tight and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can hardly blame the demons. They\u8217\'92ve only been waiting five thousand years for these blessed days. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 why you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re here, isn\u8217\'92t it? You can feel it coming, can\u8217\'92t you? Despite all your travails in the Sand, you worry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s all been for nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do not see everything,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither do you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see more than you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh please, how could that possibly be true when your eyes have never grown accustomed to the dark?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve killed your Amalgamete,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell deflected this triumph away with a wave of her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wasn\u8217\'92t referring to Greskal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin curdled into a scowl and Pell reveled in it. She then turned her attention to the Ayramun, savored their unease, and when her eyes finally alighted on Mandri she locked her gaze with his, and for a shuttered instant her true eyes flashed, bright and warm, golden threaded, declaring mystic tidings which Mandri could not being to comprehend\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 then she blinked and her eyes were dark again, she looked away, leaving Mandri to wonder if the others had caught it too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gentle Sparks,\u8221\'94 Pell said aloud, throwing her voice out into the cavern, \u8220\'93Would you please grace us with your presence?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her request fell into the black, and a moment later the black began stir. Mandri tried to rub the insanity out of his eyes, but yes, the black }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 itself }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 began to stir, and as it weaved and wound it squelched out growls and grated shrieks, then bright points of light emerged within it like jittering stars, and these stars mounded up, grew brighter, and as they did along came the the pitching laughter of demons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not just two, or three, or twenty, for that horde of stars resolved themselves into a horde of fire reflecting eyes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thousands of blinking eyes in a thousand different configurations\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 eyes set wide, bovine eyes, mousey eyes, eyes of giants, eight-fold sets of spider eyes swaying overhead, all of them hesitant to enter into the firelight, as if embarrassed of their own grotesquery. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first demon Mandri actually saw came ambling in and out of the dimness in a naked knuckle-walking strut. It was vaguely human, with a mouthless face that was scrunched towards the middle, as if its skin was being pulled into its nose. After this frightening sight, another set of glowing eyes stepped forth with confidence into the light, revealing a goat headed demon with black Zosan skin and a chiseled physique, and its feet were hooved as well. This demon was then joined by a circle of its horrid brethren, each leaping out, it seemed, from Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s childhood dreams for there was every manner of mashed-up anatomy between man, insect, and beast. This circle of dread surrounded the Ayramun, a circle broken only by Pell and the doors of Shis behind her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see,\u8221\'94 Pell said to Elrahet, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve spent so much time staring at Solraheen that His light has blinded you to what the world is becoming. Now, if you would, please leave, before I begin to forget the practical nature of our truce.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was stuck in shock at the sight of so great an evil\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rank upon rank of evil. Her face was so that it seemed she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just witnessed the very end of days. It was Purl who shook her out of this by saying her name, \u8220\'93Elrahet!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch snapped to and, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We leave!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everyone snatched up their packs and lit their torches in the campfire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 he said to all. He stilted his way towards Pell so that she could see him clearly. He asked her, \u8220\'93These demons here, they want to kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing so crude,\u8221\'94 said Pell. \u8220\'93They want to recover your Spark and add it to their own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of the demons nearest Obo, a tusked woman with the body of a boar snarled and hissed, spraying Obo with its putrid spittle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She wishes to put you back where you belong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo wiped his cheek and replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is not acceptable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His blunt response jolted Pell into amazement. Her thin lips grew tight, her brows jumped, and then she burst into a tremendous fit of laughter which was taken up by her demon horde and escalated into terrifying noise that rivaled a peal of thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, my, my!\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Not acceptable?! My dear Mazyd, we have collected an uncountable number of Sparks throughout the ages\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yours will be no different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of that uncountable number,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93How many belonged to Mazyd?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell stooped down to peer at Obo, hands on knees, as if she were lecturing a child.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have collected the Sparks of gods. I assure you, yours will be no different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it seems a peaceable conclusion is not possible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It never is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo, , opened his mouth. A heartbeat later and his throat ran gold and fire poured out in a beam as bright as the sun, smashing through the air where Pell had been for she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expected this turn, and disappeared into a flash of smoke before the heat could singe her. Obo\u8217\'92s blazing fire to smashed through this swirling cloud and it burned through the left door of Shis\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 such was its power that pushed through the stone as easily it would push through a slab of skin. Such was the dazzling brilliance of this roaring flame that it surprised even Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93IDIOT!\u8221\'94 Elrahet screamed as she swung her cane at Obo\u8217\'92s head. It smacked the Mazyd\u8217\'92s skull hard, but it was the cane that cracked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know she could do that,\u8221\'94 said Obo as he watched the smoke that was once a witch dissipate into nothingness. Mandri hoped for a moment that old witch might have, somehow, been vaporized by Obo\u8217\'92s power, but then her laugh echoed austere throughout the cavern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve broken truce,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not me!\u8221\'94 Elrahet replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Pell was unforgiving. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know the rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sea of demons began to chatter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 teeth chatter, giggle chatter, yapping, sucking, squealing chatter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but they were all too timid to pounce. Then the black, goatheaded demon took a step forward, and this seemed to steel their spines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah, eyes wide in terror at a fish-headed bear giant looming tall above her, screamed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve doomed us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Relax,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93Someone give me a boost.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri ran to Obo, grabbed the Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm swung him up and onto the shoulder, where Obo, in this heightened state, tried to plead with the horde. \u8220\'93My dear fellows, if you wish to survive, then you will\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His plea was cut short by the hunting shriek of a bat swooping overhead. This winged beast was the size of a child, with a child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flat face and enormous funnel ears wrapping round its head to fan-frame its pea-sized eyes. It dropped out of the cavernous night like an arrow, its curved claws splayed and grasped, its round face contorted in anger\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or maybe it was agony, for almost as soon as Mandri saw the creature its head was smashed by a roaring burst of mazydfire, a flame so hot it heated the whole head into incandescence and then it popped. The rest of the body burst into flames and hurtled overhead to crash into the crowd of demons behind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With the first blow struck, the army of Shis broke loose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demons came running, hopping, sliding, striding, galloping towards Mandri and the Ayramun. Their muscles bulged and their scales sparkled, their whiskered snouts and fanged maws hissed, their pointed beaks screamed for oblivion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden mazydfire screamed back, it lashed out in two great sweeping arcs to cut down a circle around the Ayramun, obliterating the first rank of demons, cutting the confidence out of that goat-headed demon at the waist. Those that scurried underneath Obo\u8217\'92s sweeping flame\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the dog, hog, and lizard demons, the beetle demons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these Obo dispatched with incredible precision and blinding speed as more than twenty blaring beams of flame blasted out of his mouth in space of a breath, vaporizing the head of each demented creature on contact, and when the mazydfire was gone their bodies burst whole into flame leaving a ring of sizzling, steaming flesh to serve as stumbling blocks to the rest of the onrushing horde. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun gathered close to Mandri, close to Obo, and they found safety there underneath his sweeping flame. Obo set himself proud on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, and once all were near, his golden fury raged out again, this time spiraling round and round, cutting down hundreds, perhaps thousands, for at each rotation his mazydfire traveled further out, mowing down larger and larger swathes of demons, and as Obo\u8217\'92s golden beam swept through the dark it left in its wake a smattering of little explosions as all who fell combusted. All demons, no matter how large and fierce, fled before the slaughter. It was truly an awesome display of power, and it was sitting atop Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulder, and so great was Mandri\u8217\'92s awe that he could not contain himself and he whooped his excitement. Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pitiful Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had turned away the army of Shis all by himself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Blasts them out of the sky, beam beam beam}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The entire horde was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Head turned towards the door. Low hum, ravaneous horde. Glint of firelight on their backs like a swarm of hornets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um\u8230\'85I don\u8217\'92t have enough in me for all of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayramun what that meant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet screamed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Run!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri slowest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As he running. Heart exploding in his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remember what you said about friendship?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, what in the white light\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to prove something to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hops off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri running away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, moteah, and Purl cut them with swords. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Demons ran right past them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All to Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 it clicked. The conversation. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d said no one. He wasn\u8217\'92t about to let Obo prove him wrong. Grab Obo and not let him do it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Demons swarm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo was to slow. Beam weaker. Burning himself alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cut. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As if the sl. Time was slipping, Mandri had the. Frozen. As before, in the Goree Pass. The rainbowed light of purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An urge, again to paint. A glorious scene. Figures in such as only artists could dream, a diorama of flesh, flame, and butchery. Threading through his eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was crying, eyes wide, tears overflowing his lid. Not for his mother. Not for himself. He cried for Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pushes, tries to move. Hard as a statue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She sways and moves and effortlessly glides. Admires Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92d happen so soon. I\u8217\'92ve been waiting for a thousand years, and here you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not dare to speak but his muscles the scene and if he were to speak the tension break.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tongue tied? Do I frighten you? I\u8217\'92m the mother of demons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who wouldn\u8217\'92t be scared of me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speak, Mandrameen. This is your moment.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is happening?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t tell you. You can only be shown. You have to show yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pulls out a the black stone canvas and paints.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to paint?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is what you were made for. That is why you are here. Why else would you have come to very doorstep of Shis? You will paint a self-portrait\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the first }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  self-portrait you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever painting..\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 happening}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have to move beyond that Mandri. Your mind is rooted in causes and effects, but none of these are real. You believe that you are Mandrameen, but that, too, is an illusion. Mandri was born, he will die, while your real being knows neither beginning, nor end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri flick to Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see I\u8217\'92m not making myself clear. Speech is too blunt a tool. If you begin to paint, I\u8217\'92m sure, you\u8217\'92ll come to understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Remembering what happened last time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Disappointment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, you are going to do it. Why else would you be here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Upset confusion into a Beatific smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remember Mandrameen the portrait painter? He knew what everyone looked like, except for himself. Isn\u8217\'92t that right? A true self-portrait is impossible because you don\u8217\'92t truly know your own face, even if you have a mirror\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you can turn your head in every direction, but your eyes are always looking straight into themselves. You can look around and study your features, but you\u8217\'92ll never capture that look of looking away. That\u8217\'92s how the mirror nurtures the illusion of the self\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92re always looking straight into your own eyes and you begin to think that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  is you. But you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never seen what you look like when you\u8217\'92re sleeping. You\u8217\'92ll never see what you look like when you\u8217\'92re dead. Everyone else\u8217\'92s eyes will shutter, but you\u8217\'92re own\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92ve never seen it happen, so who\u8217\'92s to say they\u8217\'92ll ever close? Do you blink, Mandri? Do you notice yourself blinking? Don\u8217\'92t blink now, or you might ruin it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri realized he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet blinked since. His eyes were stuck in the trance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you sleep? What happens to Mandrameen when you sleep? Where does he go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never thought about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sigh. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At least you\u8217\'92re honest. That\u8217\'92s more than I can say for most people.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wistful look at Elrahet, Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at them. They can\u8217\'92t see any of this. Look at how frightened they are of dying. You see, all they\u8217\'92ll lose is the stories they create of themselves. They invent themselves just to torment themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Look to Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid too. What an ironic creature\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 spent its short life searching for freedom and finds it, but in so doing he\u8217\'92s become an enslaver of the Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll talk about him as I wish. You know it because Schisol told you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri throws the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ack!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Stare at Mandri. Burst into an absolute fit of laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think you just proved me wrong!? You do, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re so full of shit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, my dear Mandri. How can you not see you\u8217\'92re the gaburshegee, the infertile ground, you deny everyone else\u8217\'92s plans for you, even mine. No one in the world can tell you what to do. But there\u8217\'92s one more person you have to reject.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yourself. You see through everyone else\u8217\'92s manipulations, you need only to take it one step further.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what if I don\u8217\'92t want to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What you want is irrelevant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to force me to paint a picture?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I cannot. You must pick up the brush on your own accord. When you\u8217\'92re ready. As you can see, we have all the time in the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard enough. Sees Obo\u8217\'92s spark interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your Spark seeks another. This is what it wants.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can be in union with it. This pain you feel, it is not necessary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sees Obo. Tearjerk. Injustice. Wasteful. Meaning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought it was only Solraheen who\u8217\'92d make a sacrifice like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen a sacrifice!? You don\u8217\'92t actually believe that story, do you? You\u8217\'92re smarter than that, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Schisol who called down the Fabled Black, not Solraheen. Schisol knew what would happen if the people were left to govern their own affairs. Given enough time, their selfishness, loneliness, and desperation would only strengthen in the absence of a god. Schisol trapped Himself to keep Solraheen from interfering with my work. And soon, when I am finished, and have united all the Spark, it is Schisol who will make the ultimate sacrifice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for dying is no great sacrifice, no, Schisol will live, He\u8217\'92ll live for all eternity alone, weeping, just to protect against the chance of His brother rising up and starting it all over again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you going?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To test a theory.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Brings the Spark along, dragging the light of purpose along with him. Steps to the edge of the abyss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 Pell asked, her voice on as much of an edge as Mandri\u8217\'92s toes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri answered her by dropping Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark. It fell into the Abyss, shining bright like a distant star, until finally, it disappeared all together, dragging a of million threads down with it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He blinked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Time restarted and the . As cleared, there was Pell, fuming. She shrieked a , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be back!\u8221\'94 she shrieked. \u8220\'93It is FATED!\u8221\'94. Her final word echoed through the cavernous void, and then she split into smoke. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned, and there was the Ayramun, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94 Purl asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go,\u8221\'94 he replied. Brushed passed Moto who shouted, \u8220\'93Boy!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned and said defiantly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto , sorry about it, before asking calmly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo sacrificed himself for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His name was Obo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Kept on walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri!\u8221\'94 Elrahet. \u8220\'93Can you see the threads of purpose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Not right now. But I could. Can you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nod.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can see them right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And where do they lead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Let me make clear. From now on, I am no longer Elrahet. I am Elrah. You are now the Elrahun. Leave me on pain of death. Betray me on pain of a tortured life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sneer at them all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do you submit?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl kneeled. Moteah did as well. Moto, s to a woman but at a glare from his sister, he kneeled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri . He would kneel for no one. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d turned one old witch down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing Mandri still standing, Moto, and he stood back up. Ashamed and embarrassed that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah pulled him back down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrah said to Mandri, You will the Sand on your own, and you will die.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Your aid didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to help the rest of the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Insult.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of the Elrahun followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri has God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye in his robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 //\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you going?\u8221\'94 asked Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He paused and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to free Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, though he did not know the way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 //}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 * * *}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}