{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God, you\u8217\'92re so dumb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who do you think has it good?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Most people who aren\u8217\'92t us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The most miserable sap I've ever seen was a Hrkan prince. I looked into his eyes and it was like he was already old, and it wasn't a \u8216\'91just-happy-to-be-here\u8217\'92 old, it was that jealous, \u8216\'91I-wish-I-could-be-you\u8217\'92 old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet those pilgrims on those poles would prefer to be a Hrkan Prince.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, yes, there\u8217\'92s levels to misery\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but that doesn\u8217\'92t change the fact that everyone is some shade of miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  are miserable, and so you think everyone else is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Name me one person who isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t some shade of miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can lie all you want, but that doesn\u8217\'92t change the facts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get sad and I get over it. Miserable people don\u8217\'92t get over it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look me in the eyes and tell me you\u8217\'92ve gotten over losing your hand for no fucking good reason.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face scrunched up in revulsion, as if Mandri had just threatened to reach down and rip the scab off her wrist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re such a fucking prick,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Because I\u8217\'92m right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl fixed Mandri in her gaze and tried to tell him, with every ounce of persuasive power in her soft brown skin, and her freckled , that he was completely missing the point. It was an expression that Mandri had seen a thousand times on a hundred different faces and somehow he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d yet to ascertain its meaning. To him it meant the other person had run of out of arguments and so he\u8217\'92d won.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about Obo, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was not something he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d considered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s got every right to be as miserable as you, but he\u8217\'92s not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sat back and considered the truth of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was right. Well, she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 right,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  because Obo wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t human and so he didn\u8217\'92t count. Still, it was a kind of revelation: Obo was the one thinking creature in this entire goddamn world who wasn\u8217\'92t miserable. Obo was capable of getting over the wrongs done to him. In this respect, he was like a dog, he had that forgive and forget. This realization triggered another: the reason, and why the dog worshipers of Solk had good reasons to worshiped dogs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}