{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The moment was perfect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lorba Bargu had her nice, cozy rocking chair she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d built out of a bent and sanded gabbu tree she grew from a seed. She had her nice, heavy blue blanket that her loving husband Kam had knit out of the softest wool. The silver sky was pleasant, with the rain tap-tapping on the clay-shingles of her master\u8217\'92s wagon house, which was better described as a sheltered porch adjoining her master\u8217\'92s western wall. It was not a grand shelter, though it offered a grand view, advantaged, as it was, at the top of Meskalim's central hill looking west, with the sprawling mud-city spread out below and the foggy, Shalbrum Sea boiling beyond it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The moment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only discordant note was her blistered heels, for she was still wearing in the stiff leather boots made two days before by her son, who was a cobbler\u8217\'92s apprentice. This slight pain was a beauty mark, an ugliness which when juxtaposed against perfection enhanced it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, the moment was perfect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Almost perfect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unfortunately, her wagon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bed was full-up with the half-dead bodies of artists. She knew they were artists, because when her master carried them out of the great house they had paint on their fingers and clothes, usually black paint. And she knew they were only half-dead instead of full-dead, because after killing them, her master brought them out to her wagon house to administer a rainbow potion which, he claimed, \u8216\'91stabilized the Spark\u8217\'92. Her master kept this potion hidden in a false drawer in her workbench. Lorba never touched this hidden treasure. She wanted nothing to do with it. She only ever watched when her master would force a few drops of that shimmering liquid down into the corpse\u8217\'92s mouth, and she didn\u8217\'92t help when he sat the the poor wretches up and shook them to make sure the liquid was running fast down into the stomach. To her, this habit of her master\u8217\'92s was an eccentricity she could forgive for the sake of the job, for the sake of these moments where she could sit high up, rock back-and-forth, and feel comfortable, secure, even delight at how her life had turned out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think his Spark has faded?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan shook his fat head. He nodded towards the wagon and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stuff him in with the others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  wagon house, it was Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, but it was as good as his. Thanked the dead god Solraheen for planning all this for him. Cart laden with dead bodies, each of them artists, but that was not his concern.  for the pittering rain as the evening sun. Thankful for the high vantage point over, rut of habit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quick!\u8221\'94  \u8220\'93Bring the shit! Before his Spark fades!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Carries the body.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now that that was over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This did nothing to quell his master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s immediate needs. The big man picked the dead boy up, and rushed out the into the rain. He never let his good silk robes get wet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stopped and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lorba, you idiot! Come!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fetch }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pour purfume and shit The mazid can smell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lower compartment. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are we in such a hurry?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Minder and his Mazid leave tonight. So you must leave tonight!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the weather. The wagon will get all chewed up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan took close to his eyes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She wanted to point out that sending out a wagon that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supposed to draw dry would kill it. She couldn\u8217\'92t do that. She was as proud of this wagon as she was of her son\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was just as clean and sturdy, and both she\u8217\'92d built herself. If she were to draw it in the rain, the water would swell the wheels against the shrunk-on iron tire. When the wheel eventually dries out, it will crack, and cracks mean gaps for the sand to enter. Sand will willow its way into the wax-greased innards of the hubs and grind against the bronze bushings. She needed time to take prophylactic measures to guard against this inevitability.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan knew what she thinking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn your wagon, woman! If you don\u8217\'92t stick this goddamn wagon on the end of that column, then by Schisol\u8217\'92s shadow, I will add you to back of this cart!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lorba gulped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The winding route down to the bottom of Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hill was always. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At the bottom the Hrkan troops were, all of them unusually shrouded in brown robes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lorba called out to the captain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have orders from the governor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What orders?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m to attach myself to the column.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain took the paper from from Lorba\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How dare he talk like this. I am a scribe! My luck I should put under him. Guild of Lords  has lost it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I have a writ from the governor, Salavan Soreen, third rank in the guild of Lords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hrkan captain. Very well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shrouded figure of the Mazid. The slave god. Abomintation in his mind. Gave him the chills. Read minds. Shield the thoughts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}