{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Order of Operations:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Ayram mourning the death of Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Mandri feels bad about the carnage}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Hrks taking trophies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Except Pyetle - How}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Fawning over Mandri}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - how, when your minder is surely dead?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Moto crying near the dead body of the burshageet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Mandri ignores Pyetle to comfort}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - I can feel her hand in my stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Hrks are wanting the head. Hooks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Burshageets skin had lost its integrity. Decaying . hook tears down skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -That is my fault. I have underestimated the integrity of its skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -sumps down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Watch out!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri nodded, Moto began again to follow his worldline, pulled along it like laundry on a string. Mandri followed. Ayram grumbled, then followed too. Together, they walked at an easy pace. Mandri briefly toyed with the idea of stepping out his worldline, if only to prove that he could defy this future, but there was a tangled set of squiggles some ways up ahead. It told of how they would all stop walking for moment before continuing on. He just had to know what could cause that to happen. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not hold up. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet reached those squiggles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That Mazid is property of the Lordship!\u8221\'94 Pyetle roared as he ran to catch up. Five Vessels accompanied him. \u8220\'93You pokes have redeemed yourselves, do not ruin it by doing something foolish!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram ran into his squiggle and stopped. He lowered his spear. Its chisel tip chinked the stone. Moto followed suit. Mandri smiled as he settled into the squiggle in his own worldline; it was quite surreal to feel that he was discovering his future even as he saw it before it happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you see sense,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, relaxing as he approached. \u8220\'93This is a great victory here, and we should revel in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what you want,\u8221\'94 Ayram said bitterly. He regarded all the dead bodies strewn about the chamber, first among them, Elrahet. Her ruin was so complete that one would be hard pressed to guess that there was actually a corpse underneath those black robes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Victory never comes without a cost,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said promptly. \u8220\'93In time, I am sure you will come to agree that this is about as happy an end as we could hope for. Though the Mazid has proved our savior, I must insist that he stay with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That boy could end you with a breath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, and instead of explaining, he decided to show. He took a deep breath and held it. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take much concentration to send a surge of power welling up from his stomach to tickle his throat until it was glowing hot with fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t gulp down his fear until Mandri relaxed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you still want him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle, incredulous, simply muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri thought he heard one of them crying, but no, that was Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was picking through the massive pile of bodies that had been swimming inside the Burshageet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. Tears streamed down his face as he pulled a large demon fetus out of the pile to see what was buried behind it. The action sent a slide of corroded bodies down to cover the spot. Frustrated, sickened, and overwhelmed with despair, he collapsed to his knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is not dead!\u8221\'94 Mandri called.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sobbing shoulders stilled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah is still alive!\u8221\'94 Mandri called again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders perked in confusion, then excitement. This mood was reflected in the light of his dancing Spark, which turned from faintly pulsing to beating white. The Zosan stood up, and as he did, a glowing white line danced out him, routing his certain future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whether that line was Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fate, or purpose, or his raw will, Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t say, but it ran straight for the spot where Mandri stood. It lingered there, then suddenly sped past him to pay respects to Elrahet. Then it dove into the orchard of golden organs and past that golden tree. It ran through the dark for a spell before disappearing into a narrow passage in the distant wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was the furthest into the future that Mandri had ever seen. And a true future it was, for when Moto moved, he was drawn perfectly along its center.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know she\u8217\'92s alive?\u8221\'94 Moto said, sounding desperate. \u8220\'93She must have been swallowed. She was taken! \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can feel her hand gripping my stomach,\u8221\'94 Mandri replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram drew away from the dead witch. He joined up with Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worldline in front of Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did she caused your fire?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d thought that was you who did it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  me,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Nonetheless, I can feel her fingers move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at his belly and was delighted to see a bright, bright Spark glowing there. But there was some Black yet in him. He wondered what he would need to do to get it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am supposed to kill you,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, and though he was calm, his deep voice had way of instilling fear. He shook his spear to flick bits of beetle parts off its blood slicked haft. \u8220\'93But I am not sure I should. Things have happened which were not meant to happen. Elrahet is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto pulled on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sleeve to gain his attention. \u8220\'93Do you know where my sister is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should kill him,\u8221\'94 Ayram growled. \u8220\'93There is too much unchecked power in his body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care!\u8221\'94 Moto shouted. \u8220\'93Mandri, can you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 sense}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  her somewhere?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sense her, but even if he could, it didn\u8217\'92t matter; the future was already written out. He couldn\u8217\'92t see much of that future, admittedly, but his very own line was growing into it. It joined up with Moto\u8217\'92s line, and now Ayram\u8217\'92s. Together, they would venture into that narrow passage in the distant wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was only matter of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri decided to just start walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you going?\u8221\'94 Ayram grouched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To find Moteah,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93At least, I think that\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m doing.\u8221\'94 He paused and pointed at the lines which would draw them all towards that distant crack. He changed his aim when he realized that no one else could see them, and pointed at the crack itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto peered into the dark. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw hundreds of demons flee that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That means it leads to Shis,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, struck by some realization, grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. \u8220\'93You can feel her grip?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what you want,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, knowing full well that Pyetle could only ever follow his worldline. Mandri was leaning towards calling it fate, but he still wasn\u8217\'92t sure. Fate should be something that was set in stone, but even as he spoke, Pyetle\u8217\'92s worldline was growing. It extended out to follow Mandri\u8217\'92s own. As it did, the Vessels behind him had their worldlines turn away.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am only having trouble with the mechanics of it,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It has always been clear to me that a Mazid should }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 never}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  have control of their fire. It forces me to ask\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are you certain that your Minder is not actively working your stomach?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 -}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re looking for Moto\u8217\'92s sister,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who? The Minder?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri grew exasperated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are welcome to join,\u8221\'94 he said, even though it was clear what Pyetle was going to do. \u8220\'93You can follow me to wherever it is that I\u8217\'92m going, but, I need to be honest\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I don\u8217\'92t have any interest in explaining anything to you. Also, your men won\u8217\'92t be needed.\u8221\'94 He nodded towards Pyetle\u8217\'92s bodyguard. He chased them away because he knew they would be leaving shortly anyways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow jumped. He hesitated, clearly unsteadied by his lack of control over the situation. \u8220\'93Very well,\u8221\'94 he said. The conviction in his voice was true. He turned and took one of his Vessel\u8217\'92s backpacks for himself. He took another\u8217\'92s torch. He then ordered all of them to rejoin their brethren in preparing their dead for transport back to the surface. \u8220\'93Report everything,\u8221\'94 was his final command. From there, he joined Mandri and the others as they traced their purpose past the golden tree.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram reach up and touch the grooves in the letters. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Clean,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93There should be centuries of dust. This was recently made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or,\u8221\'94 Pyetle advised, \u8220\'93Something has been attending to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto peered into the depths beyond. The floor sloped down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see handprints past the threshold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hag beetles,\u8221\'94 Mandri guessed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They all stood in silence, staring at the mass of dusty handprints the floor. It was easy to imagine the hundreds of beetles which must have fled into this void. Them, and what else?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stepped through the archway, then immediately slipped and fell into a bruising slide down a steep descent. He quickly caught himself on a thick block of wood masquerading as stair step. He laughed, because he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen all this happen, and yet it happened anyways. And thankfully, it happened the way that it did, because after the makeshift stair, the way dropped precipitously into a hole of endless black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri laughed again, this time to hide his terror. Pyetle, stepping down behind him, whistled. The bright sound fell and did not echo back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shuffled around the abyss. On they went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock passages grew untamed. In places, the walls were so narrow that Mandri was forced to thrutch through them sideways. How Ayram managed it was a mystery. Next came a tight zigzag of ceilingless fissures staccatoed by stuck slumps of fallen rock. Past these, he crawled through a jagged sandstone tube that swerved as it slid downhill. It did not help that the torch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s narration of these passages was unreliable. Hidden edges clawed at his woolen robes. Shadows that looked like divots gave way to potholes that twisted his feet. The longer it went on, the less Mandri cared about these scrapes and bruises, for an unremitting burn set into his thighs as the ways were much more hilly than anything he\u8217\'92d been through in the desert, or even the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He hungered. For the first time since he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been made a Mazid, he was hungry. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is quite a ways,\u8221\'94 Pyetle remarked. \u8220\'93Any ideas on how long it will take to get to where we\u8217\'92re headed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll get there when we get there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I only worry for the provisions,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve brought enough hardtack for me and the Mazid. It\u8217\'92s hardly enough to feed a giant, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Save your breath, Hrkman. You\u8217\'92ll need it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They walked for another long while, and when they became tired again, they rested again. At this point no one could agree on whether it was day or night outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The god-eye sight stayed with Mandri through all of this. He wondered if it were permanent. It seemed to be growing stronger, as he was beginning to see translucent filaments of fibrous purpose sprouting out of the rocks. They were hard to see, hardly there at all, but they were certainly there. A few these tiny hairs got stuck, briefly, to his legs, matching wonderfully his sore desire to lay down and sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And now he was confronted with an impossible question: did he follow these lines because he could see them and wanted to know where they went? The others were puppeted along, no doubt, as they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see anything. This became readily apparent as they came to a fork in the path. Moto and Pyetle argued about which way to go. Mandri stayed silent. When they asked his opinion, he shrugged his shoulders. He could see that all threads of purpose wandered down the leftward passage. Eventually Ayram claimed that he could see faint traces of shoeprints heading to the left, and as demons did not wear shoes, they chose to head left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A set of footprints caused Ayram to make a choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But those footprints also had a cause, and surely that cause was also caused, and these causes carried on in an infinite regress which could only end in the hand of Solraheen weaving this desired future. Yes, this thread he followed was put there by Solraheen, and that fact helped him make up his mind: he would follow this path on the principle that an artist should be allowed to do their work without interruption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The way spilled out into a clean, gray-brick hall. This hall quickly opened up into a cavern whose size was difficult to estimate. It was bigger, at least, than the entirety of Shulgi. It was large enough to hide the echoes of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boots as the stomped along the flat stone tiles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he admired the craftsmanship in ever tiled of the floor. \u8220\'93This must be Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not yet,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, and Mandri agreed, for this place was not a pit, or a flaming pillar, but an endless sea of tile. And they weren\u8217\'92t simple squares, either. There were squares, yes, but every right angle was cut perfect and then framed by twirling patterns of pressed-in specks of blacker stones. Every twenty steps or so, this pattern was broken by a larger square inset with a mosaic depicting a black inverted sun, a bit like a flower with its petals closed. It was the sign of Schisol and Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle the others grew quiet. Mandri was doing something more, for in his god-eye sight the floor was t. These sprouts of white filaments were shorn close to the tile in places, knotted, cowlicked, while other spots of stone were completely bald. Longer single strands grew no higher than his knee. The purpose here was sickly. These filaments reached up to touch him, yearning to connect and root him to the spot. He had to tear through it. Each step felt heavier than the next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should not be here,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri eyed the dark above, expecting to see a a few unfriendly lines of fate extending out it. Nothing was there. He looked behind to check for demon Sparks, and that darkness was empty, too. There was only him and his, and out in front, their four lines of fate running through this mangy plain of fate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those lines did not extend out into forever. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could see the future, yes, but not all of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wished he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see any of it, because seeing only a little only pushed uncertainty further away. Far ahead, his line came to stop and refused to grow. He crept along, hunched up, a ball of dread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hear that?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri listened close. He heard the faint sound of a woman sobbing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Moto could shout for his sister, he was shushed by Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They walked another finger more, and the sobbing grew more distinct, such that Mandri knew who it was even before he saw the woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s faint Spark. Sure enough, on torch\u8217\'92s glare, there she was, sitting, crying into her knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Simple Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Backstabbing Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And behind her, the doors of Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These monstrous stone double-doors buttressed a monstrous wall which had no end. The doors themselves would require a whole team of oxen to open, sized as they were to the shoulders of gods. Every inch of them was covered with figural carvings, demons mostly, snarling demons doing unmentionable things to men, women, children, and all the animals. A large horned head was sculpted into the distant lintel. The lintel itself was carved to look like spreading shoulders, while the doorposts were this demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms. These long and spindly limbs stretched down to the floor where withered hands doubled as the door\u8217\'92s bottom hinges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb woke from her troubles with a startled gasp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wondered where you were,\u8221\'94 Ayram growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb hustled to her feet. She turned and pounded on the monstrous door and howled, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me in!\u8221\'94 She threw her whole body into the effort, but her raging fists could only muster a muted pat, pat, pat. Enraged by her weakness, she leaped onto the door, slid down, then pulled on the sculptural relief. She writhed against it. At last, she tried against sense to push.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill her,\u8221\'94 Ayram muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted with her phlegm-ripped throat. Furious, she pounded the door again, crying out, \u8220\'93PLEEEASE!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Defeated, she looked up at the frowning head which was set into the lintel. A heavy sob wracked her body. Halfway through surrender, she appeared to bump into a revelation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She took in a deep breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She let it out in a long, stuttering exhale, then went silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I almost pity her,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. He took a took an aggressive step forwards. His spear slipped from his shoulder and fell into his guiding hand so that he could run Seb through with purpose. His second step stopped short when the great doors of Shis began to move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The massive hinges squealed as the doors swiveled  it of darkness which cradled a single golden Spark.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at his belly and was delighted to see a bright, bright Spark glowing there. But there was some Black yet in him. He wondered what he would need to do to get it out. There was a line of purpose sprouting out of him. It pointed towards Moto.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}