{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The story of the creation of the Goree Pass is a simple story. The Solgruin petitioned Solraheen to split the Goree mountains so that they might profit from an overland route to the east. Solraheen did not want to destroy one brick of His creation for any reason, much less to accommodate trade, so, he denied them. The next year, the Solgruin asked again, and again they were denied. Still, they carried on asking. On the sixth asking, Solraheen lost His patience. He walked to the mountains, climbed the tallest peak, and there He stomped on the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back and broke it. Thus, a great fissure was opened up in the earth, making the way traversable. Then He spoke a curse into the chasm. The words He spoke were heard by every ear in all the world, no matter how far.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look upon this scar which mars My creation. This mountain impeded your ways, so you sought to destroy it. Now, it is destroyed. Cursed are you who pass through it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri loved this story. Here was Solraheen ripping up one of His greatest works just to spite a client who requested an alteration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri ripped up a painting once. What a glorious once it was. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spent a whole month and a small fortune painting this particular painting, \u8216\'91The Rape of Belsurnag\u8217\'92. The scene was the receiving room of the Outland Prince Huldoloon. The client wanted Mandri to put a smiling dog in the foreground. This wasn\u8217\'92t some clever metaphorical bent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the client wanted Mandri to paint her own, small, shaggy lapdog as a kind of private aside, a conversation starter, so that when people would walk through her house and see the beautiful Belsurnag being ravaged by barbarians on a richly patterned carpet, their eyes would stumble over the brown ball of fluff sitting there on a coil of curtain rope and say, \u8220\'93That looks just like your Googum!\u8221\'94, and the woman would say, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  my Googum!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could have found a different buyer, but no, he tore the painting completely in half. He did it right in front of that bumbling woman. The shock and horror on her face as he clawed the staples out of the frame to really rip thing full was cathartic. Her scream pitched up into the hysterics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 wrong }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 with you!?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri would have cursed her, but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never learned words of power. He never tried to learn them, because the Goree Pass proved that curses were ineffective on people who needed to be cursed. Solraheen stood atop the Goree and said, \u8220\'93Cursed are you who pass through it,\u8221\'94 and yet people passed through it. Evidently Solraheen\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91you\u8217\'92 was an exclusive \u8216\'91you\u8217\'92, referring only to the Solgruin. If Solraheen had meant to curse everyone}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 , }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 then surely He would have said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cursed are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  who pass through it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Since He didn\u8217\'92t say that, people made the pass without a care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Most of them went on to live happy, fulfilling lives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That was an injustice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t rip up the Goree for the Solgruin alone, he ripped it up for everyone. Mandri felt very deeply that the curse }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 should}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  apply evenly to everyone. How a twist of language could defeat this, he did not know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ventured south in the cold shadow of the Goree mountains, lagging a behind the Ayramun. All the while he tried to convince himself that those towering plateaus had no eye for him. There were a thousand staggered red plateaus up there, blocking the morning light. They looked like squat redoubts, each a link in a fortress chain built by Solraheen to hold back the winds which swept the Tib.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The further south he walked, the clearer Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curse became, for the massive rock faces grew more worn and pitted with every step. Higher up, they were beset by jagged, fern-like cracks whose stems stretched all the way down to the ground. An eon of blasting sand rounded down the edges, pillowed the seams, giving these scarred mountain cheeks a sense of bloated infection. Then the Goree Pass itself was sighted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a shadowed, sloping cut in a distant plateau. A black needle poked straight up out of it. This needle was the central tower of an ancient fortification which spanned the narrow breadth of the Pass. It was the Greskalun\u8217\'92s home. According to the story, the Greskalun were an Old Jandri tribe who were charged with keeping the pass free from the Solgruin. But the Solgruin had ceased to exist centuries ago. For some reason, the Greskalun remained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram made straight for the Pass, or as straight a path as he could manage considering he was wandering through the debris field of a cataclysmic explosion. Boulders the size of small hills were strewn about. The amount of power needed to lift them up, let alone toss them this far out would have been impossible to believe if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Solraheen who\u8217\'92d done it. Mandri imagined Him standing up high on that now vanished plateau, His figure a radiant white speck outshining the sun, His rainbowed rays filtering through the swirling dust. A god such as He wouldn\u8217\'92t need to strike the earth to split it, it would be enough for Him to stamp His intention into the dirt, and the whole of creation would begin to stir. A tap of His toe could set the mountains quaking, cause them to throw up a torrent of stones. Add a whispered word, and the whole mountain chain would have rolled over and played dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun walked in reverential silence. Even Ayram kept his chin low, though this pious bend could be attributed to the strain of his giant pack and the long journey bearing on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was alight in anxious wonder as her eyes took in the scale of it all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a spring in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s step, as if his feet had found their home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was the same as she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always been\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 brooding and quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was marching behind Seb, who was chewing her borcandi spines so hard that her jaw was going stiff. She had to sort of roll the spines between her stubby teeth instead of chew them. And she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t paying attention to where she was spitting her juice. Halfway up a light scramble to a shelf of rock, she hocked a particularly dreadful wad of spit onto Moto\u8217\'92s heel above her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do that again,\u8221\'94 Moto said, \u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92ll be scraping your face off a rock with your kneecaps.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb lifted herself up onto even ground. The two shared a long, sizing stare. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jus\u8217\'92 try an\u8217\'92 disrespect me again,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me, disrespect }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Moto said, aghast. \u8220\'93You spit on my foot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An accident.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you do it again, I\u8217\'92m going to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet!\u8221\'94 Ayram barked, but that wasn\u8217\'92t enough to stop the two from starting a shoving match, so he doubled back. \u8220\'93Nobody talk,\u8221\'94 he growled. \u8220\'93Nobody except me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They all stood still until Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whining shoulders settled down. Then Ayram set off again towards the Pass, this time more cautiously, crouching, trying to hide his bulk behind upright shards of stone. There were plenty of them scattered about like the leavings of flies beside a carcass. But they could hardly be called stones because they were each as friable as the hardtack Mandri was munching on. Their bases crushed easily underfoot. The mountain itself was no different; when Mandri set his hand to brace himself against the mountain\u8217\'92s swooping wall, his palm punched a dent in it, as if the stone were nothing but the moldy crust of a hollowed out loaf of bread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The place was truly cursed. And there was no question as to the source, for it was marked by that black tower which poked out of the Pass like a splinter stuck in a wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Towers, as a general rule, were evil. A tower could be built of the purest marble and haloed by the sun, but there was always the question of what someone could be doing to warrant such elevated privacy. Nothing good. A short, makeshift wooden watchtower on a flat frontier was the only legitimate use of a tower. Any taller, and it raises questions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only redeeming quality of the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tower was its monumental significance. The central task of a monument is to look like it doesn\u8217\'92t belong, and that tall spike sticking out of the Pass did this quite admirably, marking a curse which should not have been. It seemed to say, \u8220\'93You are going to die if you come any closer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Ayram came to the entrance road, he did not take it. He angled up into the crumbling mountain toes, and there he perched. It was a great spot to eye the black tower, which stood uneasily in the middle of the Pass. A stubby mishmash of black bricks served as walls on either side of it. There weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any banners on the walls, nor were there people. There weren\u8217\'92t any lights in the tower windows, or dungfire smoke scenting the air. There wasn\u8217\'92t a single sign anyone had ever been here at all. That crude tower of hate could have been built by demons, and the walls would have calcified around it like a cancerous growth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram summoned Moto with a brusque jerk of his bearded chin. A few whispered instructions later, and Moto climbed down onto the road proper and hustled off into the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow, hand clasping his scabbard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb broke the rule of silence with a whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe \u8216\'91ey all lef\u8217\'92, wen\u8217\'92 back to Shulgi.\u8221\'94 She was so stressed out that she was chewing two spines at once. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would they leave?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92 as\u8217\'92 me,\u8221\'94 Seb said defensively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe it's pox,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went bright and she swallowed a slosh of spit. \u8220\'93Could be!\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Happen\u8217\'92 afore.\u8221\'94 She spat one of her spines into the dirt to speak more clearly. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what pokes do when the pox comes, they run away, then they stay away \u8216\'91til it all blows over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s the sign of fire?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked. \u8220\'93If it was the pox, they would have burned everything they could.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Might be the curse,\u8221\'94 Seb offered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Pass is not cursed,\u8221\'94 Ayram said with all the assurance of a big man who knows. \u8220\'93Greskal and his kin have been living here since\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94, but he was interrupted by the sight of a black vulture melting out of the tower\u8217\'92s pointed roof. It squawked as it took flight. It spread its long wings and rode a thermal high up into the air, where it wheeled in circles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only a bird,\u8221\'94 Ayram muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two more vultures melted out of the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow and soared up to join their brother\u8217\'92s holding pattern. Their wheezing screeches filtered down through the distance to reach Mandri\u8217\'92s ears like hissing whispers. If he didn\u8217\'92t know any better, he would have thought it was the haggard voices of the rocks echoing Solarheen\u8217\'92s ancient curse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram sneered. This was perfectly understandable, because being the strongest, he had the most to lose from a curse. A curse wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t something he could kill with his spear. And now that the Greskalun were missing, so was the illusion that everything was going according to plan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cleared her throat of spit again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m tellin\u8217\'92 ya,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93them Greskalun are at Shulgi. Pox, Hrks, drought, it don\u8217\'92t matter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when things go bad for \u8216\'91em, they run to Shulgi. That\u8217\'92s what they do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, doubtfully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grumbled at both women. Instead of explaining her objection, she reached down and grabbed a bone that was half buried in the dirt. She held the bone out before her so that all could see. It was the upper half of a leg bone, ball-jointed, broken roughly in the middle. Distinctively human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A sign of the Greskalun,\u8221\'94 she growled. \u8220\'93They are dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stomped over and eyed that bone with a piggy squint. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya find one bone and think em all dead? One bone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s it doing out here?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where else ya \u8216\'91spect to find it? It\u8217\'92s on the ground! Find it floatin\u8217\'92 in the air an maybe we got somethin\u8217\'92 worth lookin\u8217\'92 at.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet,\u8221\'94 Ayram cautioned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet turned the bone over. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is an unusual fracture.\u8221\'94 She stroked the length of the fracture with a thin finger. The break was jagged and stretched along the whole length of the bone, leaving the upturned half looking like an open tube.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It's a broken bone,\u8221\'94 Seb said, unfazed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 split}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  bone,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Elrahet corrected. \u8220\'93Splitting a bone lengthwise is not a natural thing. If it were snapped in two like a twig, that might be expected. A break as this, it is none too likely to be an accident.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She held it up for Ayram to inspect. He took it, and in his giant, probing hands the bone looked like a child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93Are you saying this person was killed?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not unusual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A blow to the leg,\u8221\'94 Elrahet replied, \u8220\'93would not crack a bone lengthwise. It\u8217\'92s not something a dog can do, either, they don\u8217\'92t have the hands for it.\u8221\'94 She pointed a gnarled finger at that dreadful broken bone. \u8220\'93That is the fracture a madman makes when he hungers for the spongy marrow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind ran wild with a vision of a sand-crusted cannibal gnawing on that bone as if it were a chicken leg. Strings of fat and tendons were getting caught in the gaps of his filed teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram held the bone away as if it were diseased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet plucked it from his grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She tested the sharpness of the break with the tip of her finger. Her eyes narrowed at the thickness of it. She thumbed the open groove, then held it up to squint inside the socket. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look!\u8221\'94 Moteah shouted. She pointed down into the pass, and there was Moto sprinting away from the tower\u8217\'92s gate. He sprinted at full speed, frenetic, as if being chased, yet he was alone with his kicked up dust. When he arrived, breathless and wild-eyed, he did not wait for questions. He simply said to Ayram, \u8220\'93There is something you need to see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Greskalun?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forget about the Hrks. There\u8217\'92s something you need to see!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto looked over his shoulder, towards the tower, and grimaced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Ayram moved, the matter was decided\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would lead them all into the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At pace, they came to the tower. The structure seemed dented from afar, while up close it bulged ever so slightly outward. Most of its bricks were chipped, some were twisted, some were jostled halfway out, as if to tempt a climb, but that would have been mad because it  was all about ready to collapse. And it was large. The tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance mouth was ten-men wide. Ayram led them straight into, and its drawn-up gate bared metal fangs which hung well over his head. The tunnel throat was perhaps fifty yards long, cavernous enough to turn the thump of Ayram\u8217\'92s walking spear into a booming beat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rhythm stopped the moment Ayram stepped into the sunlight of the courtyard beyond. He looked back at all who followed, and a shadow seemed to pass over his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In that courtyard were cobbled bricks that were as old as the tower itself. A grooved trackway ran through them and up further into the Pass. Planted into these bricks, like an errant volley of arrows, were large wooden poles, each thick as a cow\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly. Wrapped around these poles were the bodies of men and women so brutalized that their forms blurred the lines between flesh, blood, and seeping exudate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Such was the defilement that panic leaped into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind as readily as the sight of the profane sculptures themselves. The nearest wretch was only ten yards away. It was a man robed in the tatters of a honeyed yellow haircloth habit, honeyed yellow, the color of peace and unassumption, a devout Solitant pilgrim. A rope of thorns bound his hip and chest tight to the pole, leaving his mangled limbs dangling. His pulped face, bloated and seemingly boneless, lolled in an open-mouthed, buck-toothed snore while the broken pottery that was his skull stayed together by the grace of god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Around the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck was a chain so thin and so tight that Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t actually see it because the raw skin folded over it. Nonetheless, Mandri knew it was there, and he knew what it was, for it was meant to bind the treacherous throat of a heretic. And that was the least of the indignities done to him. His broken scalp was crudely shaved, chunked, and bleeding. His eyes had been gouged out, and the dark, bloody sockets were smeared with ash. His groin had been the target of the most shameful derision. Every limb was bent and twisted, and every single one of these poor pilgrims littered about the courtyard had been bent and twisted with the same unthinking cruelty. And they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 were}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  all pilgrims. Maybe thirty of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe there were fifty\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to count would require the use of reason, and reason had abandoned this place. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this?\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. No one answered, for the Ayramun were slower to recover from the wilting shock of the scene. Neither Moto nor Moteah could bear to look for longer than a heartbeat. Seb, a woman who could not stand perfectly still, was standing as still as a dormouse caught in the eye of a hawk. Elrahet must have sensed this evil scene halfway through the tunnel, for she had not made it out into the courtyard. She kept herself there, shadowed, hunched over on an inset doorstep as if about to vomit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram still stood straight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto said to him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you\u8217\'92d want to see for yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant cast an appraising eye towards his mournful band. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew Greskal hated the Hrks,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93But I didn\u8217\'92t think he had this in him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His remark startled Seb back into her skin, and she said in turn, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who cares if a few god-botherin\u8217\'92 pilgrims got what was comin\u8217\'92 to \u8216\'91em? We got the rest of Hrk on our backs. We need to be movin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And go where?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb looked at Moteah like she was the dumbest person in the world. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We go an find the Greskalun!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are no Greskalun!\u8221\'94 Moteah shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Seb gestured at the carnage. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who did all this? Greskal ain\u8217\'92t the only poke who hates Hrk this much, but damn it if he ain\u8217\'92t one of \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Moteah could squeeze in another word, Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worn-out grumble came magnified out of the tunnel behind them. Mandri, like everyone else, peered dumbly into the tunnel as that grumble gave way to a rattling sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must have been the panic,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said as she stood up straight. It seemed as if every weary moment of the long journey was suddenly set upon her aching joints. \u8220\'93Mere hate, that would not have been enough. The desperation of the age\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s what gets a stomach growling.\u8221\'94 She joined the rest of the Ayramun in the sunlight, then surveyed the courtyard with a hateful glare. \u8220\'93I thought we had more time, but now it is clear: the Burshageet breeds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re too late?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For us? No. But look upon these pilgrims and ask }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 them}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  if it is too late.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat her agreement onto the courtyard brick and said flatly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dead is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said darkly, \u8220\'93they are not dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked with fresh horror upon the nearest pilgrim. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen enough of death to know that humans were fragile things, and this man had been tortured beyond comprehension. It was impossible that he could still be alive. Yet, on second glance, the pilgrim\u8217\'92s wounds were quite peculiar. The strip of exposed fat and muscle on his thigh was circumscribed by white-pink rings of fresh skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fresh skin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Still growing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Healing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri took a step closer, and as he did, the pilgrim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haircloth habit shuddered. Mandri sprang back just as the man\u8217\'92s ruined head jerked up, tossing a spill of blood at Mandri\u8217\'92s feet. The poor man\u8217\'92s tongue twisted out of his yawning mouth as he tried in vain to grasp a wet breath through his chained throat and shattered ribs. He wheezed and gulped, his chest heaved against the rope of thorns, but in the end his eyes rolled back and his whole body went limp and quiet again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His very Spark is bound to the pole,\u8221\'94 Elrahet explained. She seemed unable to look upon the pilgrim. \u8220\'93His body will die, and die, and die again.\u8221\'94 Her bottom lip trembled as she fought to contain her emotion. She swayed silently, boiling inside, and just as it seemed she were about to faint she stamped her cane into the ground. \u8220\'93Nothing cuts down life so much as fear! Ohhhh, why Sol would put that tremor inside our skin\u8230\'85would rather have the hunger. See there,\u8221\'94 she said, pointing with her cane towards the pilgrims. \u8220\'93See what rapacious, pukesome, panicking beasts will do to another. Addicted to it! Hah! Imagine what kind of fear would drive such a beast to do such a thing and think they\u8217\'92re fixing the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She abruptly turned from the sight and retreated back into the tunnel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re leaving?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Elrahet huffed. \u8220\'93We will wait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait for what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stopped, then sneered over her shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why ask? Anxious? Afraid? You\u8217\'92ve come this far, Ayram, don\u8217\'92t panic now.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s retort sputtered in his throat, for out in the mouth of the Goree Pass there was a blue-robed Hrkan scribe riding a white horse through the sprawling tumble of stones which pocked the road. Behind this scribe, emerging from the distant dusty haze, was a column of hrkwhite robes marching in even squares. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On came the sharp and roaring bleat of the Hrkan horn of war.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEE-ooooooooooooooooooommm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Run!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let them come,\u8221\'94 Moto said, wearing a maniacal grin. He punched the tower with the side of his fist and a chunk of mortar snapped off. \u8220\'93This thing is ready to fall. They\u8217\'92ve stumbled into another Minting Rock. We\u8217\'92ll take them as easily as before!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb set her pleading eyes on Ayram, looking for leadership, but there was instead a gleam in his dark eye which suggested ill intent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah!\u8221\'94 he shouted. His deep voice carried through the tunnel, and Moteah was soon at his side.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if I can do it,\u8221\'94 she said, looking at Mandri. \u8220\'93If he doesn\u8217\'92t want to do it then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay yourselves,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled. \u8220\'93For I did say that we will wait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was full of confidence, and though Mandri was no seer, he supposed he could see why, for the scene in the mouth of the Pass seemed staged by the hand of Solraheen. The spike of the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow was full of subtle, sumptuous grays that seemed purplish blue, almost painted in. The northern wind flicked little spindrifts off the sloping backs of boulders. And there was the Hrkan horse, splendid white, white as Solraheen, a healthy creature with brushed muscles that furrowed and bulged as it charged towards the tower, leaving the line of Vessels in its dust. It\u8217\'92s richly braided tail was all a-whip, and its rider\u8217\'92s blue robe was resplendent even as his legs flapped against the saddle. He rode alone. He rode right up to the tower\u8217\'92s shadow and pulled his horse to a thunderous stop. And to complete the composition, the beast reared up, almost to the point of no control, and there the warm spectral edge of the tower's penumbra cut right across its stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe unsheathed a thin sword and raised it high. He held it there while he calmed his horse, and when the beast was settled, he dropped his sword into the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He wants to bargain?\u8221\'94 Moto asked, awestruck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He knows he can\u8217\'92t fight a Mazid,\u8221\'94 Moteah answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb uncoiled, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a trick!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do we do?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked of Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch stiffened, as if resisting the words she was about to speak. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We shall treat with him,\u8221\'94 she said, and then went silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram swung his great pack off of his shoulders. The pack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s straps creaked, and the heavy load hit the brick floor with a thud, scattering a fine cloud of dirt right into Mandri\u8217\'92s face. By the time Mandri finished wiping his eyes, the white Hrkan horse was trotting towards the gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both the horse and scribe kept their chins tilted high as they approached. If the scribe was perturbed by the sight of a giant wielding an iron spear, he did not show it. He rode with the bearing of a practical man and the face of a true believer, stressed by the sun but unbothered by doubt. He wore a serious frown, though underneath it Mandri spied jolly features\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 round eyes, and round cheeks with easy dimples. A thick headscarf was sat back on his head. Fluffs of black hair showered out of it. That scarf was so fat that it folded the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fat ears out and down, making them look a bit like little wings. This gave his head the appearance of taking flight, as if it were straining to lift off from the plinth that was his beard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you have given up the chase,\u8221\'94 he said while he pulled his horse to heel. His nose flared as he sniffed that elevated air of authority. \u8220\'93You should know,\u8221\'94 he said grandly, \u8220\'93there\u8217\'92s an old proverb in this part of the Sand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when you try to draw up water you cannot reach, you grow weak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram strolled within ten paces of the horse and rider, then planted the heavy chisel-tip of his spud bar spear into the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not that you\u8217\'92re wanting for strength,\u8221\'94 the scribe added. His eyes swept over Ayram as if sizing up a slave. He smiled, and graciously gave Ayram room to speak, but Ayram simply stood there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe glanced over his own shoulder, towards the distant ranks of his marching army. The glint of their spears and the slow churn of their glorious white banner brought a flicker of confidence to his eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am here to inform you of the consequences of your actions,\u8221\'94 he said, turning his attention again to Ayram. \u8220\'93The Mazid in your possession belongs to the Lordship, and you stole it. You are to suffer for that crime. I am supposed to tell you that cooperation will bring you benefit, but\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 his lips tightened into a deep frown. \u8220\'93We both know that you would not wear surrender well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Ayram grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t doubt that you could make this difficult,\u8221\'94 The scribe said. \u8220\'93You could vanish into those mountains. You might fight until you break. If you\u8217\'92ve tamed your Mazid, you might even win\u8230\'85until we bring forth a Mazid of our own. The only way this ends is with your death, or your surrender, and believe me when I say that all the Hrkan world, it is I who you should wish to surrender to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He paused again to encourage Ayram to speak, but it was the sound of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cane which broke the silence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a lurching tap-tap against the tunnel\u8217\'92s brick floor. The scribe\u8217\'92s face hardened as his eyes outlined her crooked silhouette swaying inside the tunnel\u8217\'92s shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice scratched at the ears. \u8220\'93What is your name, Hrkman?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dark brow furrowed. He straightened in his saddle, and his grip tightened on the reins. \u8220\'93For our purposes, I have no name. I am here to represent the Lordship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet gave a heavy sigh, then leaned heavy on her cane. Her knotted hands curled tightly around its knotted handle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have dealt with your Lords and their littler Lords,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Here, now, I shall deal with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe you have misread the situation,\u8221\'94 the scribe countered. \u8220\'93This is not a negotiation. You will surrender, and then I will decide what to do with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you not wear scribal robes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do,\u8221\'94 he said, shoulders squaring. \u8220\'93But it is not my duty to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you not sworn to protect your Lordship?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With every breath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then breathe deeply, Hrkman, for your Lordship\u8217\'92s fate is at hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beard spread into a appreciative smile. He peered into the darkness of the tunnel as if expecting to recognize Elrahet to be an old friend. \u8220\'93If you are referring to the Mazid in your possession,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93then you are twice mistaken. You have only one Mazid compared to the seven possessed by the Lordship. Your trophy is of little concern. It will be dealt with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not speak of the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, if you had any true leverage you\u8217\'92d be wasting it on its use. You witches cannot help yourselves. It\u8217\'92s in your nature.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what is your nature, Hrkman?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I reflect the Lordship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very good,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. \u8220\'93Please, come lay the light of the Lordship onto a land which has not seen it for a goodly while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe shifted in his saddle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t quite grasp your meaning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet beckoned him onwards. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is something you must see,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93So that you might better understand the consequences of your actions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile grew wider, and before he could recover it, Elrahet pressed on. \u8220\'93Are you not curious as to why we stole your Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It hardly matters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yet, there is something I could show you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does this \u8216\'91something\u8217\'92 threaten the Lordship?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you frightened, Hrkman? Come! The light of the Lordship will protect you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe twisted in his saddle to look for his strength in the army marching behind, but the sight of that distant line of spears no longer seemed to lift him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrkman!\u8221\'94 Elrahet barked, and the scribe\u8217\'92s attention snapped back to her as though she\u8217\'92d shouted his truest name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it you want to show me?\u8221\'94 he asked as he rolled his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Scourged pilgrims,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face darkened at this blasphemous pairing of words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He leaned forward now, and he peered into the dark of the tunnel. Instead of bouncing his suspicion between the weatherbeaten Ayramun, he looked right past them. Something in the sunlight on the other side caught his notice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a flash of a yellow haircloth habit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flared and he urged his horse forward without concern for his own safety. The Ayramun could have ended him with ease as he rode through the tunnel. He was as possessed with as much righteous fury as any Hrkan Vessel fired in the heat of battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stumbled out of the horse\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s way as it carried the scribe into courtyard\u8217\'92s brightness, into its horror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This scribe, younger than his grooming might suggest, wore the exact same look that every budding artist wears when witnessing their first true masterpiece. First, there was stunned surprise, then awe, then came the quenching of a latent thirst as he saw how the majesty of the work answered questions that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never thought to ask. Horror could do this, and so could a masterpiece; both are realizations of undreamt possibility; both confront a person with their own inadequacy; both revel in confronting the audience with their own ignorance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now that Mandri was seeing through this lens, a truer horror settled in, for where before he saw unreason and carnage, he now saw a calculating mind. Every cut, every aching wound was a conscious decision, all of it meant to bring the\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn you!\u8221\'94 The scribe screamed. It }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t clear if his curse was for his fidgeting horse, who threated to unseat him, or for the perpetrators of this crime, who were as yet unseen, or for Mandri, whose thoughts were straying dangerously close to patterns only seen in Shis. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe recovered a bit of himself and attempted to maneuver his horse around, but the creature ambled about like a frightened cat, hesitant to get too near to anything or anyone. The scribe then swiveled in his saddle to look for Elrahet. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this!?\u8221\'94 he demanded to know, voice brittle with rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet, respectful, joined him in the courtyard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is you\u8217\'92re name, Hrkman?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe squirmed in his seat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You expect me to tell you?! I find a witch next to a witch\u8217\'92s work, and you expect me to give you my name!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrkman, your name now stands on the spine of a history book. Your next choice will fill the pages.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You act like you had nothing to do with this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is no one else here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is no one else here? Where are the Greskalun? Did I end them all? If dead, where are their bodies?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe turned again to the pilgrim poles and was struck by some revelation. But this insight was short-lived, and he visibly sank into confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet sneered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is the work of a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse reared as though her pronouncement had nipped its ankle. The scribe struggled to calm both himself and his mount, and when some semblance of order was gained, his eyes darted from the poles to Elrahet, to the Ayramun, and finally, to Mandri. He seemed unimpressed. \u8220\'93Demons have no power in this age.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe what you will,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled. \u8220\'93But know that what poled these pilgrims must be killed, and it will take more than sword and spear to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe said as he stifled a laugh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You stole a Mazid to hunt a demon? I\u8217\'92ve heard more convincing stories from the mouths of babes.\u8221\'94 Before Elrahet could reply, he kicked his horse hard, startling it into a gallop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move!\u8221\'94 he shouted as he leaned low against his horse\u8217\'92s broad neck. The creature barreled past the Ayramun, into the tunnel, under the gate, then back out into the mouth of the Pass. Once free from the tower\u8217\'92s shadow, it circled around, agitated, and when the swirl of its dust caught it up in a cloud, Pyetle hopped off to fetch his sword which still lay in the dirt. Once in hand, he wiped the blade against his stomach. He turned to address the Ayramun. His voice was loud and carried into the tunnel with remarkable force. \u8220\'93Give me a reason to trust you,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93and I will give you a chance to prove your claim.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He adopted a wide, stately stance to brace himself against any potential insult.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you are to make an ask,\u8221\'94 Ayram bellowed back, \u8220\'93then make it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle pointed with his sword. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hand over the Mazid\u8217\'92s Minder. The girl. She won\u8217\'92t be harmed. I give you my word as a Mirror of the Lordship. Hand her over, and you will have an opportunity. I offer only that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an opportunity. This is not surrender, it is an opportunity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah stood on a door-stoop built into the tunnel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall. She was quiet, half-hiding, looking a little upset by the idea of being made a hostage. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 Moto said sharply, stomping up to Ayram. \u8220\'93What are we doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb chuckled and spat a wad of juice onto the tunnel brick. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t ya hear?\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93That dent wants us to give up Mandri\u8217\'92s Minder so he can kill us without worryin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted his displeasure. His expression soured further when Ayram did not immediately dismiss the idea of giving his sister up. The giant stood against his planted spear, staring absently at scribe and the line of soldiers behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now hold on,\u8221\'94 Moto said quickly. \u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t possibly think this is a good idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram did not stir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot trust a Hrk!\u8221\'94 Moto roared. \u8220\'93Seb\u8217\'92s right! We need to keep running. If the Burshageet poled those pilgrims, then we have to be close!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram only grunted, and when his empty stare turned to Elrahet for guidance, Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheek let loose a judgmental snort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You colic like a horse,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said bitterly as she faced down Moto. \u8220\'93Lay down and die if you cannot digest what comes your way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We still have options!\u8221\'94 Moto cried. \u8220\'93How can we kill the Burshageet if we give her up to the Hrks!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah got between the two. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this how it\u8217\'92s supposed to be?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I\u8217\'92m going,\u8221\'94 Moteah said firmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto squealed in shock and tried to collect his sister before she could push past him, but he was stopped by Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s massive hand coming to rest on his shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw clenched, and it seemed for a moment he might actually strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood behind it all and felt he was witnessing another staged moment. Each figure was arranged in such away to make Moto the primary focus; Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s swooping arm, Elrahet\u8217\'92s bent back, these two were background props upon which Moto piled his anxiety. And then Moto\u8217\'92s uncharacteristic stillness was that of a brooding mountain. He watched his sister march out to meet that Hrkan scribe and he seemed to be marshaling a storm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The depth of that man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feeling made Mandri jealous. It almost made him want to relive his life from the very beginning with the hope of making someone love him so much that they would crumble if they saw him go. And now he understood why Lords hired wailers for their funerals, because the way Moto stood there, cracking a little more with Moteah\u8217\'92s every step, it was so intense that it seemed that it must be some sort of final feeling, the goal of life, because that storm of grief wouldn\u8217\'92t be there, hidden deep inside, if it wasn\u8217\'92t meant to be used. It was proof of something, what that something was, Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t say, but maybe Moto could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto turned away from the scene and stared at the wall. Beyond, Moteah was being gagged by a headscarf pulled from the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow had receded a whole ten yards by the time the scribe returned to the tower\u8217\'92s gate, flanked by an escort of spears. \u8220\'93My name is Pyetle,\u8221\'94 he said, and he said it straight to Elrahet. \u8220\'93I do not need a witch\u8217\'92s help to be remembered.\u8221\'94}}