{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Demon shrouded against god eye sight. Cannot be manipulated by threads of purpose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet is shrouded in purpose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a lot of confusion as to what counts as thethered/untethered. What can create and what can\u8217\'92t. How mandri figures into this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But in some sense that confusion is the point; the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s story is a mess. There\u8217\'92s too many authors. Layrs of purpose. Which lines were laid by elrahet, which are pels, which are solraheens.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What significantly complicates the scen are the lines of purpose. Without them, it seems simple. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the challenge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 *Mazidfire is the same purpose stuff. Threads, but just over-done.*}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice is Spark weaving.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One one hand, Having Elrahet just narrate the scene resolves so much..}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but clashes with the them of her \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91letting it play out for once\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Have Elrahet explain this shit earlier }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Mazidfire is the same stuff as threads of purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -cant tell whose threads are whose at this point}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m tired.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -let it play out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -you are a god-delimited on a leash}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -excess/overload/lacking nuance/overdose/exorbitant/inundate/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Do you know what Mazid means? - \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -overdosed on power. Crammed full, not capable of nuance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Monomaniacal - }{Consumed by one trait or pursuit to the point of dysfunction. }
\par\plain {\tab Filled to the point of dysfunction.}
\par\plain {\tab Saturated, glutted, engorged.}
\par\plain {\tab }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {SO, the way the scene plays out:}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {1) Mandri sees the sparks in the room}
\par\plain {2)Burshageet has a constellation of Sparks}
\par\plain {3)Burshageet births a demonic spark}
\par\plain {4)Demonic spark attacks }
\par\plain {5)Elrahet wrangles the demonic spark with her language}
\par\plain {6)Elrahet gets stabbed by Seb}
\par\plain {7)Demonic spark ravages Elrahet}
\par\plain {8)Mandri sucks up Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark, kills everything.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Problems: White lines of purpose - }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}