{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not getting it. If the Hrks do show up today, then regardless of who wins, you\u8217\'92re as good as dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo nestled into his pack. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s true, then I suppose I shouldn\u8217\'92t be smiling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is true.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See, that\u8217\'92s exactly it - you act like you know something I don\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85 and maybe you do, but I know things you don\u8217\'92t know too, and if you were smart you\u8217\'92d take that into account before getting all smugly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl, I don\u8217\'92t doubt that you have some unique experiences or information that I don\u8217\'92t, but what you don\u8217\'92t have - and this isn\u8217\'92t an insult, I\u8217\'92m simply being honest here - what you don\u8217\'92t have is insight. You don\u8217\'92t have understanding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s nothing to be ashamed of. No one criticizes a rock for it\u8217\'92s capacity for reason. A rock is a rock and that\u8217\'92s fine. It\u8217\'92s the same for humans such as yourself and Mandrameen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, so we\u8217\'92re rocks compared to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again, I\u8217\'92m not insulting you. Human beings in general. Oh, don\u8217\'92t act like you don\u8217\'92t agree. I\u8217\'92ve seen the way you look at people. Any time someone says something ridiculous, I see those eyes go dead - see that\u8217\'92s it! That\u8217\'92s exactly it, that furrowed brow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evidently your missing the way I\u8217\'92m looking at you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My are simply confusing your reflexive impulses. Someone says something you don\u8217\'92t agree with, and you look at them like they\u8217\'92re stupid, only in my case, the fact that you don\u8217\'92t agree with me is your fault.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re just as dumb as anyone else, the only difference is that you don\u8217\'92t know it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsense. The difference between a Mazyd and a human is that humans cannot access the necessary equipment to efficiently traverse the landscape of all possible understanding. A Mazyd is not similarly deprived.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that even mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Humans, such as yourselves, have never climbed Mount Arausing in the badlands, and it\u8217\'92s not for a lack of trying, either. It is simply not something that can be done with hands and feet, or even climbing picks and rope. That inability to reach the peaks of Nugrush is a consequence of your design, because other creatures, designed differently, can reach it. Birds can reach it. Some species of lizards. This isn\u8217\'92t an indictment on humanity, it\u8217\'92s simply a matter of kind.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why does it feel like you\u8217\'92re insulting us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you\u8217\'92re coming to terms with your own inadequacies. I can\u8217\'92t imagine that feels good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl, you do not have the tools necessary to know whether or not I\u8217\'92m wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need a climbing pick to know you\u8217\'92re full of shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri chuckled at the . Obo groaned and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pithy sentiments won\u8217\'92t change the truth of your own nature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again, it\u8217\'92s not an insult. I am simply stating a fact. A fact is not insulting, it simply is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A simple fact. Obo, that\u8217\'92s not how . There\u8217\'92s no such thing as \u8216\'91simple facts\u8217\'92. And in your case, and you, Obo, are a schemer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I\u8217\'92m a schemer. Everyone is a schemer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri cocked his head proudly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a schemer,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dismissed Mandri\u8217\'92s statement with a , and said, \u8220\'93Anyone who wants to accomplish anything schemes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only kings, priests, and demons scheme.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Scheming, manipulation, these things aren\u8217\'92t bad, they\u8217\'92re inevitable. There\u8217\'92s only the matter of whether or not a person is honest about doing it, and I\u8217\'92m an honest schemer. I\u8217\'92ve made my goals abundantly clear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are not getting a Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At the present moment, no, I\u8217\'92m not, but circumstances can change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not even going to be alive by the time night rolls in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I will be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl tsk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d and said, \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s that misguided certainty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, hold on. Maybe Obo is right and the Hrks aren\u8217\'92t actually behind us. I feel like that\u8217\'92s something He could know. Remember how he knew the Hrks were coming when we were down in that pit cave?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence that followed told Mandri that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made sense. Purl was . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Strictly speaking, my words are true even if my intentions are dishonest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no difference between\u8230\'85 there\u8217\'92s no difference between manipulating the truth and lying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is mountain of a difference! Lying leaves you no wiggle room if circumstances conspire against you. If you always tell the truth, no one can ever accuse you of misleading them because you can say, \u8216\'91When have I lied to you?\u8217\'92, and they\u8217\'92ll be left stumbling after bad eggs. So, for as long as other people matter, it is always best to tell the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m confused, are you trying to get me to trust you more, or less?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At this point I\u8217\'92m just speaking openly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re friends Mandri, this is what friends do. They talk about what interests them so that they can fully-realize another person in their mind, that they might be lassoed and brought nearer together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I already know who you are, Obo. You might have all these Ayramun fooled, but I know who you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So dramatic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see how you smile whenever someone calls you \u8216\'91creature\u8217\'92, like you\u8217\'92re proud of it. You think you\u8217\'92re something different, better than us, but you\u8217\'92re no different at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can shoot sunfire out of my mouth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re different in some ways, sure, but in all the ways that matter you\u8217\'92re as much a human being as anyone else. More human, even. The perfect human. Humanity distillate. I bet that\u8217\'92s what the Mazyd guild were doing when they made you, they bundled up a ball of people and just }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 squeezed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  you out of them.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, that\u8217\'92s not too far off from the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri hiccuped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only talk about about the squeezing, though. In mind and temperament, believe me when I say that I am nothing at all like you or any other person you\u8217\'92ve ever met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you are! Listen to yourself\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A sword is not the same as the iron ore from which it is drawn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re made of human, if you act human, you are human. You can\u8217\'92t wriggle out of this with some bullshit metaphor. It\u8217\'92s high time you feel wounded by the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t be wounded by an arrow that misses.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ha! I missed? I haven\u8217\'92t missed, in fact, your assumption that I\u8217\'92ve missed proves my point\u8230\'85 The dumb certainty in spite of your ignorance\u8230\'85 that is so quintessentially human.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, if you think that\u8217\'92s the essence of humanity is idiocy, then you\u8217\'92ve been severely overestimating your kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ha!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re forgetting that there\u8217\'92s one urge which underpins almost all human behavior, and that\u8217\'92s an urge which I lack completely. I don\u8217\'92t even need to suppress it, like I can suppress pain, because it\u8217\'92s simply not there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what urge is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How should I put this delicately\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you talking about sex?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, the marital urge... If it\u8217\'92s not infecting every little decision you make, then it\u8217\'92s hanging like a specter over your life\u8217\'92s ambitions. I suffer from no such affliction.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lucky you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And to be sure - that\u8217\'92s only the footstool of the differences between you and I. The crown is beyond \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t \u8216\'91Uh-huh\u8217\'92 me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay then, what\u8217\'92s the crowning difference.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You lack the conceptual framework to understanding it. Perhaps if you were schooled in the logics we could approach it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo sighs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For you, the intellect is nothing but a weapon which you use to fend off challenges to your sense of self. For me, it is something else altogether. Look at Purl up ahead. If you can look past her pelvic girdle and , Right now she\u8217\'92s scrambling to make sense of the prospect that the greskalun aren\u8217\'92t actually here, that I might be all bad. Her entire mind is engaged in the act of defending her sense of the world and her own place in it, when instead, she could have accepted the truth of the situation and moved on to dealing with it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I still don\u8217\'92t see how you could know that the Greskalun aren\u8217\'92t there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s make a bet. If the Greskalun are in the pass, then }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And if they aren\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll continue to carry you around.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not a fair bet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 aimless palpations in search of something that feels like the truth.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The feeling of being found when you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to be found is a horrible, horrible feeling. It was like waking up from the blissful embrace of sleep\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92ve escaped from the world for a good few hands and then suddenly, the world finds you. It was always horrible. It hearkened back to the day of birth, when he was resting comfortably in the hiding place that was the womb, and then suddenly, cruelly, he was found. In a way, life was one long journey of finding a nice hidey hole and then being rudely pulled from it, then finding another, and being pulled out of that one too. And once found, there\u8217\'92s no going back - he couldn\u8217\'92t be unfound. He could be found and then }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lost}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , but being lost is always tainted with the history of being found, so it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not the same - not the same in the slightest. At some point, people give up chasing that false dream of losing themselves permanently in a hidey hole, and while Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t quite there yet, in front of him was a Hrkan horde, and behind him was a corpse strewn courtyard, so he wondered if there was a point in trying to run away from this one.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram reached over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, pulled Obo out from his litter by the skull, and in one rude, fluid motion, Ayram flung the Mazyd towards the scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The black horse whinnied in alarm as Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s withered, legless form slid pitifully on the dirt towards it, and the scribe\u8217\'92s eyes were agog with disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this?\u8221\'94 the scribe asked as struggled to settle his horse\u8217\'92s fright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stepped towards Obo, casual as a dog , and he pointed to Obo with his blackened iron bar and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t recognize a Mazyd when you see one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And all this was to Mandri. Was that Obo, usually unperturbed by rough treatment, usually amused by seriousness, was himself in a serious concern. It seemed the he was afraid to move or speak, lest he upset the delicate tension that was building.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe himself was not so. His face twisted into wry smile at the sight of Obo naked and afraid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This Mazyd still has a Minder?\u8221\'94 the scribe asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram gestured towards Purl, and the scribes face went alight at the sight of the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s missing hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean to say that\u8230\'85 You mean that this is\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s exactly what it looks like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he turned round there was a fire in his eyes which Mandri had not seen since Minting Rock, and when Ayram marched over to where Mandri stood, and reached over his shoulder, Mandri was rooted to the spot simmering just under the surface.}}