{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My grandfather\u8217\'92s tribe lived on the left bank of the Gan. A tribe called the Marggi lived on the other side. Every year, in the summer flood, the blackgrass bloomed and the redtrout swelled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there were thousands of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and we fought with the Marggi over the good stretches of the river. We killed them, they killed us, all over fish. Thinking about it now, I almost can\u8217\'92t believe it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that strange,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I mean, that\u8217\'92s how the Sand is, isn\u8217\'92t it? You have to fight for what\u8217\'92s yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, this was more than that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A blood feud?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, it got evil. Both sides knew it. My grandfather would hate me for saying that\u8230\'85I should say I was too young to ever truly be a part of it. I didn\u8217\'92t really know my uncles, and I never saw them die. Moto did. Maybe it was all justified.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does this have to do with the Burshageet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll get there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One day, a Marggi man swam across the river holding a skull. We could hardly understand what he was saying, because he only knew one word of ours. He\u8217\'92d brought the skull, pointed to it, and said, \u8216\'91A demon did it\u8217\'92. He wanted us to follow him back across the river. We sent Moto to go with him, and Moto came back with a story we couldn\u8217\'92t believe, so more of us went over. I was one of them. Two days days later, we came to the Marggi village. I saw was an old man pinned to a thick wooden post. He was pinned to that post by his own bones. Something had ripped off his arms, flayed them, sharpened the wrists and the ankles, and then used them as stakes. That was only the start of it. I won\u8217\'92t mention the rest. The only hut we entered had a throne, a simple old chair that sat a little higher than the others, and it was empty. He pointed to it and he said, \u8216\'91Is a demon\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The story we pieced together was that old man who used to sit in that throne had been ill for some time, and nearing death, he made a pact with Shis to destroy our tribe. But, as always happens, the curse worked against him. Elrahet says that a Burshageet is born when someone sells themselves to hate, and that makes sense to me. He must have turned and slaughtered his own people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We set out with the Marggi man to hunt this demon, but we never found it. We should have, but we were stupid. We didn\u8217\'92t know at the time what a Burshageet was. We thought it was mindless demon like any other. It didn\u8217\'92t occur to us that the creature hadn\u8217\'92t finished eating. Then we went home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered, fearing what was coming next. Moteah paused her story to swallow a lump in her throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There were dead everywhere. Those who weren\u8217\'92t dead were missing. Any hope of survivors\u8230\'85we found, I can only describe it as a man with a belly as big as he was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was the Marggi demon. He was passed out near the center of the village next to a pile of\u8230\'85They were all missing their stomachs. He\u8217\'92d gotten those first. Then Moto cut off his head. Elrahet says that it would have been the smallest Burshageet she\u8217\'92d ever seen. The way it works is that a Burshageet consumes Sparks, and as it does, its stomach grows, and the big ones can birth demons. The Burshageet we killed was still too small to breed. If it were any larger, we might not have been able to pierce its skin. If an Burshageet gets big enough, it can\u8217\'92t be killed. It takes something stronger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pointed over his shoulder, to an nearby patch of scrub brush, whose wild branches were clouded by a swarm of pinprick dots. It was a horde of tiny flies. There were so many that the noise of their zipping wings combined to sound something like a hissing snake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only Solraheen knows how many hook flies are over there,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93Why are they over there? They can go anywhere\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they can crawl into any hole, they can fly in every direction, they can explore the entire world and see things no hook fly has ever seen, but they don\u8217\'92t do it. They hover in that small bush. There\u8217\'92s a lot of bushes, but they\u8217\'92re all in that one. Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he braced himself for a bit of folksy Outland wisdom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hook flies swarm like that because the most interesting thing in all the world is each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like most figures of speech, Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s analogy had a surface charm that suggested a deeper truth, but it completely broke down upon further investigation. Humans weren\u8217\'92t like hook flies in any respect. There was a more prosaic reason those flies were flying around in a ball. There were more primal interests at play. Perhaps they\u8217\'92d found water there in that bush, or food, or the bush broke the breeze making it easier to fly in the first place. Most likely it was about sex; no doubt they bunched up into a cloud like that because it was the easiest way to bump their stiff little uglies into something that made them feel alive. Maybe one could say that still lines up with Moteah\u8217\'92s point, because humans are much the same, but Mandri didn\u8217\'92t get the feeling that\u8217\'92s what she meant.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}