{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Death is a terr}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ifying}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  thing, but Life is }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 more so. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Life kills. Life kills, and it eats what it kills, and for some reason, people fear death. As any well-studied Solitant student can see, do not fear death, fear life! }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is a tribe in the Baree lowlands, the Ferzamun, who will not take shade under tree or bush because they believe that bark-fleshed leafy beings survive in the desert by poisoning the air to kill whatever sits underneath. A man falls asleep in that shade, he dies, and his body\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s water will sustain the plant for years. His bones, once buried, will fertilize the soil for the next generation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Living things kill. Living things kill and eat each other. It is believed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , by those who seek out demons,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that this self-perpetuating cycle is motivated by the Spark\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desire to be reunite with itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was no Solitant, and yet she prayed the Solitant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s prayer as she sliced open Ayram\u8217\'92s wrist and sipped his flesh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Consumed by the body}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab So that it can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Feed the Spark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab So that it can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Move the flesh}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab So that it can be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Consumed by the body}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She spoke the words in Old Jandri, and though that guttural speech was strange to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears, he knew them by their cadence. She did not invite anyone else to partake. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When she was finished, she closed Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, and that was truly the end of him. And with him gone, so too went any hope of a crowning future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do we do?\u8221\'94 Purl asked. Her face was drawn and her hair}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 frazzled and streaked in hag beetle blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We keep going,\u8221\'94 said Moteah. She\u8217\'92d made it through the battle without a scratch and yet . Try to salvage the situation against sense. She said, \u8220\'93For Ayram\u8217\'92s sake we keep going. For everyone\u8217\'92s sake. For Solraheen\u8217\'92s sake, we keep going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go where?\u8221\'94 Moto said through clenched teeth and frustrated tears. \u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s dead. Dumb-ass Seb got the Riga\u8217\'92s head split open, so unless Elrahet can pull the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mazid}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark out of a spoiled corpse, then we\u8217\'92d have to start over from scratch!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri recalled the sight of the hag beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spike impaling both Seb and the Riga. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 T}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 he pair were still lying there in a gruesome heap. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 C}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ould Elrahet still draw the pseudo-Spark from the Riga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth if it had a hag beetle\u8217\'92s spike riping through it? All desperate eyes turned to the witch, but her solemn face could not hide the truth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Riga was indeed spoiled. Their long mission was at an end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have nothing,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93And this is over.\u8221\'94 He took a moment to gather his wits and to wipe his cheek of weakness, then he picked up his sword from where he\u8217\'92d dropped it. He pointed that blade towards the unconscious Amalgamete down the hall, who still impressed terror in the light of the two blazing braziers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to carve up that beast,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Moto, \u8220\'93A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 nd then I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m leaving. If anyone wants to follow, they can. But I\u8217\'92m not Ayram. There is no \u8216\'91me and mine\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Moteah did not follow, he paused and beckoned to his sister. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was still in shock. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This can\u8217\'92t be it,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93This is all supposed to mean something. This can\u8217\'92t be the end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She reached out towards Ayram}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 brushed his shoulder. A sob welled up in her throat}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 she stifled }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 it }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 down with a fluttering breath. Then she stood up and followed her brother, leaving Mandri, Purl, and Elrahet behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all my fault,\u8221\'94 said a glassy-eyed Purl, her voice unfeeling, her features numbed by}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 exhaustion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet said nothing as Purl stood up silently and followed after Moto.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 that her }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 bony finger }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 pointed out}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grab the legless }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mazid,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she said.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And Purl! Fetch my needle and string.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She picked up her walking stick hand pushed past Mandri, pushed past Moto, heading towards the Amalgamete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up!\u8221\'94 she yelled. Her tone brooked no argument.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri ran over to the dark corner of the hall, where he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d shed his pack. Obo was still squished inside. He pulled up on the stubby arms and Obo slid out, pale as ever, limp, naked and legless. He had an inkling of what was happening here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He hauled Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body down the hall to where the others stood waiting. The flaming braziers cast their shadows against that horrifying cake of flesh that was the Amalgamete, and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 sprouting out }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 above them was the green-robed figure of the old king Greskal. He was still unconscious, and he snored loudly through a phlegm-choked throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet said to Moto \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cut him open. Right here.\u8221\'94 She pointed towards the center of the Amalgamete\u8217\'92s stomach with her stick and drew a line}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure this is a good idea?\u8221\'94 Moto asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He regretted his words as soon as he said them for he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d drawn the witch\u8217\'92s gaze. He\u8217\'92d thought her eyes were merely brown, but they were flecked with gold, and her twisted brow set them into a feral glare which filled him with a sense of being uncovered, caught out, and that his next move would be his last. Nothing he could do could ever surprise her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thankfully Moto drew her away when he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that Mazid is given a Spark, it could kill us all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you Moto,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet sarcastically. \u8220\'93I hadn\u8217\'92t considered that. Now cut the demon open.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stepped forth and stabbed. His face was full of anger. He twisted the blade before he pulled his slice, and as he did, the tension in that great canvas of flesh snapped and a black pool of viscera poured out. Up above, Greskal let loose a horrid whine, though he stayed fixed in his nightmare sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring me the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mazid}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri brought Obo forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet studied the Amalgamete\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fluids as they pooled and advanced along the grouted grooves in the floor. Black chunks of half-digested , and these she studied carefully as if looking for some particular fleck of meat. She said, \u8220\'93I will do a thing which has not been done for as long as I can remember.\u8221\'94 Her eyes flicked to Obo\u8217\'92s corpse. \u8220\'93I am going to give a thing a Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She yanked Obo from Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip then stepped onto the lowest flap of fat as if it were a stair. She lifted the heavy flap of skin which hung over the Amalgamete\u8217\'92s gaping stomach. She stuffed the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mazid}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  inside. Purl then handed over the bone needle and wicked flax thread, and with these Elrahet proceeded to sew the skin back together. Her needlework was crude, and the uneven sutures did little to keep the wound together, but this didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bother her. The thread was, it seemed, merely a step in a ritual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d finished with the needle and thread }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 she}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  tossed them aside, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Back away,\u8221\'94 as if any of them needed any urging. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She then put her hand on the wound and began to pray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She spoke in an unfamiliar tongue, and her voice cracked and rumbled, lending her words the authority of her age. The more she spoke the quicker her cadence rolled and at the start of the third }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 repeat}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a gust of wind burst into the hall as if some unseen door had opened}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  above them}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . This wind was a cold, mountain wind, and it brushed the flames in the two braziers into swirling spires that }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 sparkled}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  white.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 sudden }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 bright}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ness}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  startled Greskal out of his sleep. He looked down and saw what was being done to him, and he let loose a pleading shriek. This discordant note startled Elrahet out of her reverie, and she stumbled back. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But her spell was not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  broken, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 for }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 whatever door she had opened could not now be closed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . The }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Amalgamete\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  seemed to}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  boil and roil }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 inside, and his whole belly}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  shook, ballooned, and finally }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 sutures }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 were ripped }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 open}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  in a sudden burst}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 and}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a black spurt of blood and bile spraying throughout the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shielded his face with his arm. When he looked up again, the old king Greskal lay limp against his bulk and he wind was gone. Lying on the floor, spilled out in that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  dark}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  amniotic fluid, was Obo, pale skin peeking through that slathered in black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Obo muttered as he discovered, again, the world. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 T}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 hough he looked like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just been spat out the mouth of Shis, he was remarkably calm. He set his bright eyes searching about the room, and they settled on Ayram, dead on the floor near the entrance to the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked down at the sludge that slimed his nubby arms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked behind at the Amalgamete.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 said,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sparked flesh is warmer}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went wide. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo with a Spark was his same old unflappable self. He did not scream excitement or cry a tear of glory, he merely observed the new sensations pulsing through his arms and muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stepped forward, foot sliding in the muck, and she said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About our deal\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in exchange for a Spark, you will }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 save}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Solraheen.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo tried to wipe the muck from his hip, but this only smeared it around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fetch a rag,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet out the corner of her mouth. Moto already had one ready and tossed it to Obo. With no hands to catch it, the body-length rag landed on Obo\u8217\'92s head like a shroud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our deal,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. \u8220\'93I give you a Spark, so now you\u8217\'92ll help us }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 free}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Solraheen.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was standing off to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right, frowning deeply, as if the smell was driving him insane\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and indeed, it might have been, for that bile was as bad as the rot of death. But what upset Moto ran deeper than foul smell. His, and his hand fussed at the hilt of his sword. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You grip your sword too tightly,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93It makes me nervous.\u8221\'94 And in case his meaning wasn\u8217\'92t clear, he turned his bald head towards Moto, and as he did the pallid skin of his throat flushed gold, and his breath was a spout of flames licking his lips. That was enough send Moto bumbling backwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You lied,\u8221\'94 Moto seethed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you be }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 run}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ning}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  away}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re going to kill us, then kill us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Furtive smile. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He began again to wipe himself down with the rag as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just come out of a bath, reaching under his arms and around his emaciated side. \u8220\'93I am but one of the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mazid}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ai. The rest of my kind is }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 still }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 in chains, and that is not acceptable to me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So you, Elrahet, your knowledge of the Spark is the most precious thing to me in all the world. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll still trade for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve already made a deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Your quest }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is not possible}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not going to go and lose my Spark right after I\u8217\'92ve gained it.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sneer}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93If you value your life then you\u8217\'92ll treat me with a measure of respect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The charge flustered Moto, and when Elrahet didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t speak up for him, the swashbuckling Zosan shied away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet rapped her walking stick on the stone floor and countered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Would you do it to save your own Spark, then}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Are you threatening to take it back?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 he could erase her head if she so much as breathed a witchy word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This world turns on a knife\u8217\'92s edge,\u8221\'94 Elrahet replied. \u8220\'93If it falls one way instead of the other, then every Spark\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yours and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 mine}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 will be snuffed out.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That he was listening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet sighed the sigh of an old woman who was tired of having to play with her own thoughts to make them palatable to others. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you know about how the world was made?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo blinked and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, she turned away from Obo and began to walk away as if she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lost all interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come!\u8221\'94 said Elrahet as her cane clicked on the tiles. \u8220\'93Let me show you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  why you must help}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Come!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we going?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To find a hole in the earth.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet did not have to look long for a hole of the type that she was seeking\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was one in the cluttered study that lay adjacent to the throne room\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Greskal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s study. A  shield-sized chunk of the floor was missing from its center, and a torn green carpet hung down into the depths. A large upturned table lay canted on the far side of the room, and from this, as well as a scattering of books, Mandri judged that the hole had, somehow, burst up from below. Moto dropped a torch into it, revealing a red rock floor some few meters away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where does that lead?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where do you think?\u8221\'94 said Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Of course, there was only one possible answer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it led to the depths of Shis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}