{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No backtalk\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and that goes for you too, Seb. You been getting uppity these days, and it\u8217\'92s time to stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb scoffed at this sudden turn. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t backtalk,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I give suggestions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No suggestions, then. I swear, you got me halfway to breaking your jaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Ayram was confident that Seb had absorbed enough of his ire to fall in line, he turned again to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but for now you\u8217\'92ll be following Moto.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto perked up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me? Where are you going?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to scout for the Hrks,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. Then he added, smiling, \u8220\'93and if I happen to smash a demon\u8217\'92s skull on the way, then the world is better for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where you want to meet up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greskalun or no Greskalun, we\u8217\'92re going to Shulgi. If the Mazyd was right, it will be empty. We\u8217\'92ll meet up there, in the highest columned room. If you\u8217\'92re not there, don\u8217\'92t worry\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92ll find you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, he grabbed his iron spear and leapt up the western slope, jumping from rock to rock with a dexterous, grace that defied his giant frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His leaving left an uneasy silence which stayed unbroken until Elrahet growled in disappointment. Without Ayram to carry her, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to walk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She climbed out of the pack and stretched her legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whose going to carry these two?\u8221\'94 She asked, kicking the bag of bodies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, standing a little straighter now that he was in charge, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s time Mandri pulled his own weight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto reached down into Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack and pulled out Obo\u8217\'92s pale and lifeless corpse by the neck. Then he grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s litter and stuffed Obo into it as best he could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry Obo,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93but I\u8217\'92m telling you, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 cannot}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  carry both of them. My back is already near breaking.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All this would have been enough to drag Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts away from that black and belching stomach, but Seb was sitting at the head of Shulgi\u8217\'92s stairs, sitting on top of her pack with that dead Riga child still bundled to it, and the man was slurping and chewing his borcandi spines with unusual ferocity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many of those spines do you have?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked him. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been chewing them nonstop since I met you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb puckered his lips and sent a wad of spit flying down the stairs. He watched it until it disappeared, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I chew \u8216\'91em till there ain\u8217\'92t nothin\u8217\'92 left. A single spine goes a day. Seven a week. Got a hundred and two left.\u8221\'94 He gave his pack a few hearty slaps and the Riga\u8217\'92s head juddered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you took a burgeon,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A burgeon? What are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see anythin\u8217\'92 special?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned and looked for Moto. The man had climbed up above Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance viper. He was sitting sideways in the circle of the snake\u8217\'92s eye, scanning the distance for Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see the Hrks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must be blind, \u8216\'91cause I\u8217\'92m half-blind an\u8217\'92 I can see \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pointed out to the cracked expanse again. Mandri expected to see a white line marching out on top of it. Then he saw a faint orange glow flickering in one of the distant cracks. In fact there were two bright spots, glowing, one further back, seemingly stuck and not moving, and one maybe halfway out, wandering in the wrong direction. Outside of these two blooms of light, the canyon curves were many times blacker than the night that was creeping in. Trying to find Ayram in them would, no doubt, be a hopeless endeavor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked Seb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s not going to fight them all, is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat again, and lubricated his lips with his tongue before speaking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s layin\u8217\'92 a false trail,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Helpin\u8217\'92 the Hrks get turned around in them canyons is be easy to do, \u8216\'91specially at night. Lots of places to get lost. Ya know they don\u8217\'92t call it the Shattered Plateau for nothin\u8217\'92. Its got doublin\u8217\'92 back places, sideways places, and whatnot. Hard to just keep goin\u8217\'92 straight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d have to have the eyes of a bat to find Ayram in those canyons.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto voice called out from behind, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see him!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was quick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at the crack that led up Shulgi, half-expecting to see Ayram charging out of it and leaping up the steps, but he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there nor anywhere else. Mandri scanned up and down all the cracks that weren\u8217\'92t so obscured by canyon curves, but he saw nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s so god-damned fast,\u8221\'94 Moto declared as he rolled his disbelief, jealousy, and admiration into a sigh. This was, Mandri supposed, the closest Moto could come to actually expressing something resembling respect. It made Mandri want to find Ayram all the more. He realized he\u8217\'92d never actually seen the giant sprinting. Ayram doing anything was a physical feat, he could be taking a shit and Mandri would want front row seating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Still, he saw nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I didn't know better, I'd say that he's spooked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb twisted around and said to Moto, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you say you know better?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It's Ayram. The man doesn't get spooked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, eager to be included, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see him. Where is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pretended to wonder if Mandri was blind, then pointed out at the shattered plateau, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  there.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 oh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit!\u8221\'94 Moto yelled. He clambered out of the snakes eye, and when the distance was manageable, he jumped down. His eyes were alight with worry. He grabbed Mandri under the arm and said, \u8220\'93Get inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it, get inside!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He threw Mandri back towards the temple and started to manhandle Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb shook his arm free from Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92re you on about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  argue with me, Seb. Get inside, or I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll make you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s got you so\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto grabbed Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder and lifted him up. Seb, being the much smaller man, didn\u8217\'92t fight it, though he did make it as hard as he could letting his heels drag. Moto dragged him right past Mandri, gave him a look that could boil bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t get your ass inside\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he said, and he left Mandri to imagine the details.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri ran after him, but took one last look out at the shattered plateau. Ayram was still hurtling towards the temple. He was rapidly approaching a crevasse that would, surely, be too wide for even him to jump. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t slow down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No way,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Afore the gap, Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stride lengthened into a bounding skip\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one, two, three\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his fourth step pressed off the edge of the crevasse, and he launched himself into the air. His momentum was incredible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, from out towards the pass, a thin beam of golden fire exploded into the night, zipping right towards Ayram. It rushed at the speed of a lightning flash, and so brilliant was its light that Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but blink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he opened his eyes, Ayram was gone. A cloud of dust swirled in his wake. A long black scorch mark scarred his landing zone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand grabbed the neck of Mandri\u8217\'92s robe and pulled him into the temple, and without so much as a word of warning, Moto dropped him on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked. She had seen the flash but not the source.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shouldered his pack and said, simply, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazydfire\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How close?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto did not answer. He marched through the hall and stopped next to Elrahet. He asked her, brusquely, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where to?\u8221\'94}}