{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blur the line between clean and unclean}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consume human flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Have sex with dead girl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things outside of society.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Push you beyond the idea of good/bad/ugly/beautiful}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When they find temselves near death aghoris deliberately leave their bodies and enter the bodies of corpses, taking them over and making them live for as long as they please, until they decide to change bodies again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most dead personalities cannot move about so freely on their own, and some tantrics worship in graveyards and charnelgrounds simply to catch hold of human spirits and force them to perform work. THe most puissant are deities, personifications of cosmic forces. The ultimate siddhi is control of adya, the personification of the entire cosmos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Essential to the production of any siddhi are mantr, yantra, and tantra. Mantra is the energy which moves your vehicle (the yantra) according to the road map (tantra). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A true tantric regards every human being as already dead since the fact of birth makes death inevitable. The entire world is a playground and a temple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On this path the chances for catastropohe are great unless a powerful guru\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s protection is provided. The sexual rituals which have made tantra notorious are part of vama marge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Panch amakara.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sattvic people naturally enjoy ample sattva (balance of mind and alertness) and do not require external aids to worship. They utilize the meat of silence, the fish of breath control, the grain of concentration techniques the wine of god intoxication, and the coitus of one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ego with the absoluute.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is no freedom from delusion without enjoyment - enjoyment refers to the acceptance of all phenomena which may occur to an individual, be they \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91good\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91bad\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such self-delusive activity reinforces the crystallizations of the personality which prevent spiritual progress.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ordinary sex is no sacrifice. When two people come together to copulate they usually seek gratification for themselves, the slaking of their lust. Perhaps indirectly they will try to satisfy their partners. Tantric sex becomes possible only when one has totally effaced one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own personality and offers oneself for the gratification of the deity, the universe incarnate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is one reason tantra has always been a closely guarded secret. The danger of abusable knowledge falling into the hands of the unworthy has limited its spread. One should never seek to practice classical tantr without a guru because no tantric texts exist which provide thoroughly accurate details of any ritual. Each text omits an essential step, or includes false information, and only through a guru can the reality, handed down through generations, be known.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately even the tantric attitude can be dangerous. As one accumulates power, the ego will balloon out unless the personality is continuously incinerated simultaneously. Hence Tantra\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s insistence that power be objectified and personified.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All males should learn motherly love. Motherliness. Worship of mother; a method for inculcating maternal feelings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tantra has thus far been glimpsed in the west only in its most vulgar and debased forms, promulgated by unscrupulous scoundrels who equate sex with superconsciousness. Sex is indeed central to tantra, the cosmic sexual union of universal dualities. The aim of tantra is laya, return of the seeker to the state of undifferentiated existence.  It consists only of methods ofr achieving this Laya, or union of the individual with the infinite. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Left-hand path has attracted attention to itself by the actions of those unwise souls who seek quick and easy spiritual development without any preliminary renunciation of sensory gratification. The result of suhc rashness is invariably indulgence of the worst and most blatant sort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most serious practitioners shun the left hand path because of its potential for misuse, which is great. It is truly treacherous for the unwary: walking on swords or riding a tiger is child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s play by comparison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aghora is not indulgence; it is the forcible transformation of darkness into light. Renunciation disappears once you arrive at the absolute because then nothing remains to renounce. An aghori goes so deeply into the darkness, into all things undreamable to ordinary mortals, that he comes out into light. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Popularly, aghoris have been stereotyped as ash-swathed ascetics with long matted hair who walk through life wild-eyed, skulking about in charnel grounds, wrestling with jackals for carcasses. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To vimalananda, the true aghori cannot be recognized by any external sign or mark. Experience in the world of ascetics had taught him that many fake aghoris lurk under outward appurtenances. The true aghora is wholly internal. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To his spiritual children he was the perfect mother - to those with inflated spiritual egos he was merciless.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death is to be personified and deified. They crave not physical death, but for destruction of all their limitations, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91killing\u8217\'92 themselves by internal or external processes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Filth and orgies in the graveyard\u8217\'92 can be as conducive to spiritual advancement as can asanas, pranayama, and other purer disciplines.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aghora is mysterious and deep - deeper than deep, in fact - and only those who can lay aside all their cultural clothing and plunge into it naked can dive into it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s depths.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wanted to warn spiritual dilettantes in the west that the frivolity with which they treat discipline and the self-delusion they attempt to pass fof as enlightenment is merely a cheating of their own consciousness whcih leads only to the pit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Has the kundalini shakti become so cheap that some so-called godman can awaken it in multitudes of people all at once? NO! Were our Rishis (ancient seers) fools to spend decades out in the jungles working hard at penances to waken kundalini and to perfect aghora? No, the people who think they can buy kundalini are fools. Westerners think they can purchase knowledge, but all they get for their money is fake teachers from india who dish out any slop to them and get rich on their gullibility.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most people who know him only formally never suspected that he might be ofa spiritual bent. He cultivated this carefree image deliberately to avoid attracting attention to himself. Ate meat on occasion, intoxicants, smoked cigarettes incessantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He made a show of complete disinterest in teachign while actually spending much time evaluating the strenghts and weaknesses of each of his spiritual \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93children\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tortoise teacher - pay no attention to progress, but in reality monitors them closely, like a tortoise burying eggs in sand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he decided I should learn something he would deftly insert it into a flood of mundane trivialities directed at others in the room and would expect me to be alert enough to pick it out. Weeks or months later he would question me about it, without warning. - what use is an exam if you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re warned about it ahead of time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Me-when you are with a lover you are a different person. Why not be that person to all people, all the time?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His impression on people was achieved primarily not by what he did, but by how he did it; not by what he said, but by how he said it. Who he was was more significant than what he did, but he made people dig for his interior reality and most often they would come up empty-handed.  Those few who knew him well - at least superficially - could never agree with each other on who he was, because his personality differed for each of his friends. He was a multitude of different people, all in one body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His foster daughter had the last word, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one has any business to read about you because unless they have experienced you they could never know the reality.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spoke mainly for indians, who often inflate the content of events they report. Indian listeners have learned to automatically compensate for this expansion by mentally scaling down whateveris said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ability to change eye color at will.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even if the child is wicked or wayward, do the parents stop loving it? No! In fact, if they are true parents they will love the child all the more, because that child gives them the opportunity to demonstrate their generosity and love, just as in the case of the prodigal son. It is an opportunity to feed the ego.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Full-bellied, pot-breasted}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Thuggee}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_English"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0 UK}}{\f0\fs20\b0 :\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:IPA/English"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 /{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u952\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u652\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u712\'27}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u609\'67}{\f0\fs24\b0 i\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u720\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0 /}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_English"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0 US}}{\f0\fs20\b0 :\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:IPA/English"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 /{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u712\'27}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u952\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u652\'3F}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u609\'67}{\f0\fs24\b0 i}{\f0\fs24\b0 /}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) refers to the acts of the\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 Thugs}{\f0\fs24\b0 , who were organised gangs of professional robbers and murderers. The English word\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 thug}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~traces its roots to the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hindi"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Hindi}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u2336\'3F\u2327\'3F (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u7789\'3Fhag}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), which means 'swindler' or 'deceiver'. Related words are the verb\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 thugna}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~('to deceive'), from the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sanskrit"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Sanskrit}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u2360\'3F\u2381\'3F\u2341\'3F\u2327\'3F (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sthaga}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~'}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/cunning"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 cunning}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/sly"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 sly}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fraudulent"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 fraudulent}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ') and \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u2360\'3F\u2381\'3F\u2341\'3F\u2327\'3F\u2340\'3F\u2367\'3F (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sthagati}{\f0\fs24\b0 , 'he conceals').}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thuggee#cite_note-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~This term, describing the murder and robbery of travellers by a cult group of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kali"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Kali}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~worshippers, was popular in the northern and eastern regions of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historical_India"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 historical India}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(present-day northern/eastern\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/India"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 India}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bangladesh"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Bangladesh}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Thugs are said to have travelled in groups across the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_subcontinent"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Indian subcontinent}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thuggee#cite_note-thugs-3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Thugs are said to have operated as gangs of highway robbers, tricking and later\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strangling"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 strangling}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~their victims. To take advantage of their victims, the thugs would join travellers and gain their confidence, which would allow them to surprise and strangle the travellers with a handkerchief or noose.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thuggee#cite_note-David_Scott_Katsan_2006_141-4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 4]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~They would then rob and bury their victims.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thuggee#cite_note-FOOTNOTERost1911-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~This led to the thugs being called\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Phansigar}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "using a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noose"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 noose}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), a term more commonly used in southern India.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thuggee#cite_note-RussellLai1995-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~During the 1830s, the thugs were targeted for eradication by the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Governor-General_of_India"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Governor-General of India}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lord_William_Bentinck"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Lord William Bentinck}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and his chief captain,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Henry_Sleeman"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 William Henry Sleeman}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 The Thug preference for strangulation might have originated in a quirk of the law under the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mughal_Empire"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Mughal Empire}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , which ruled most of India from the 1500s.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thuggee#cite_note-mikedash-36"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 36]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~For a murderer to be sentenced to death, he or she must have shed the blood of their victim. Those who murdered but did not shed blood might face imprisonment, hard labor and paying a penalty\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but they would not risk execution.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 According to colonial sources, Thugs believed that they played a positive role in saving human lives. Without the Thugs' sacred service, Kali might destroy all mankind:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 "It is God who kills, but Bhowanee has [a] name for it."}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 "God is all in all, for good and evil."}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 "God has appointed blood for [Bhowanee's] food, saying 'khoon tum khao': feed thou upon blood. In my opinion it is very bad, but what can she do, being ordered to subsist upon blood!"}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0 "Bhowanee is happy and more so in proportion to the blood that is shed."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thuggee#cite_note-W%C5%93rkensTihanyi2002-57"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 57]}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The Muslim thugs, while retaining their monotheistic faith, had functionalised\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bhavani"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Bhavani}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~for Thuggee and she was syncretised as a spirit subordinate to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allah"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Allah}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . A Muslim thug caught by Sleeman stated "In my heart, I take the name of God, when I strangle a man \endash  saying\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "thou God and ruler!"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Alla, toomee Malik!"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~I do not pray to Bhowanee, but I worship her." Other Muslim thugs who had agreed to testify for Sleeman, stated they had\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syncretism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 assimilated}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Bhavani and started the practice of thugee.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thuggee#cite_note-58"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 58]}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy rapes a girl - and besides, there must have been some karmic connection there, otherwise there never would have been an opportunity for him to be alone with her long enough to rape her. Had this old man been in his senses he could have postponed the repayment of this karmic debt for some future lifetime, but because his balance of mind was lost, his natural underlying lust which had been suppressed all those years suddenly spurted out. It is a fine thing to collect great spiritual power, but you are headed for trouble if you ever lose control over it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Explain inequality based on past lives. One guy summons god faster than another because they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been doing it in past lives.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clairaudient and clairvoyant. I can go anywhere in the world without leaving my chair; nothing can be hidden from me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The source of all knowledge. The source of delusion and the release from delusion. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is no edge between delusion and enlightenment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People who worship children. Edgeless minds. Some go so far as to avoid teaching them language.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually adya herself begins to become individualized. Within her, separate egos develop and become individuls. At some point these proliferated forms begin to grope for the ultimate. At this point the universal soul gets the observers he had yearned for.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something about nature being the crucible of identity. Nature was made to make individuals, and individuals to make nature. Personality, ego, is not to be destroyed. It is to be cultivated}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Me - Everyone lives in their own world where everyone else is crazy. The vegetarian who sits and wonders at the barbarity of humans who eat meat, with no thought to the sufferings of animals, the motherliness inside the sow as her babies are slaughtered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So-called humans who concern themselves of nothing but eating flesh and putting flesh into flesh. I believe in going beyond the skin, beyond the flesh, the bone, the marrow, and everything else, and getting to the essence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I shoudl chop off your head to cure you of these malady, to free you from the grip of these snares.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hand gesture as counting}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You may do your best to communicate with dying poeople but it will not help much. They have already entered a different world. You will notice that a stage comes when the eyes begin to move rapidly and the lips form unintelligible words. If you know about death you will know that the individual is seeing chitragupta\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s account book. Secrete pictures, images no one else can see. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a way to force a person to be alert at themoment of death. You can actually force the ego bac into the conscious mind and then communicate with the dying person for a few minutes. But it is very difficult to do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death is not to be feared. Birth is to be feared.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A story of an old woman who was truly pious. She worshipped god regularly, daily for several hours, and in fact didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do much else. Towards the end of her life she became blind and had to grope from place to place, but this made her worship all the more perfecctly since she lost most of the distractions of the outside world along with her sight. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the time of cremation a pinda (ball of rice flour) is put out for crows to eat. The crow is a very smart bird. If a good observer is nearby he will notice that sometimes no crow will take the pinda. Now, the crows are always hungry and they would like to take it, but the spirit is hovering around the pinda and refusing to allow any crow to eat it. This is the only way the spirit can draw attention to itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is how you can tell a spirit has an unfilled desire.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Treat your guest as god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The aghori continued: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93and I don\u8217\'92t want mutton or chicken. I want human flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sagal shah, resigned to his fate, said \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93all right, maharaj, I will have myself killed and cooked and served to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This only made the aghori wilder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dunce! You are an old man. Think how stringy and tough your meat will be. I want a young child. Take his brains and fry them for me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sagal shah said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have a young son who is in school right now. I will go and bring him and have his brains cooked for you.\u8221\'94 His wife, who was pregnant, also realized that it had to be done, to fulfill the vow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sagal shah went and found chelayya, his son, and asked him to come home with him. Before he could explain why, chelayya told him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93so that old fellow wants to fry my brains and eat them? All right, let us go there and I will see how he does it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His father should have suspected something when chelayya knew all about the aghori before being told. But sagal shah was too distraught over his son\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impending death to notice. How could chelayya know about it? He was something different; his own father had not realized who he was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They went to sagal shah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house and chelayya told the aghori, \u8220\'93so you\u8217\'92re trying to be funny, eh? Allright, do it! Go ahead!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And he was slaughtered and his brains pulverized, and dish was prepared. The mortar and pestle in which his brains were mashed can still be seen on that island.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the meat was set before the aghori, he became wilder still and refused to eat it, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93how can you expect me to eat food prepared by a barren woman? Shameless wretch!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was too much for sagal Shah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wife, who said to him, \u8220\'93You damned aghori! Who do you think you are? I am pregnant, so you dare not call me barren. Now I am going to make you eat and I am going to watch and see how you do it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, the aghori said to the corpse of the boy, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get up!\u8221\'94 and immediately the boy was standing there alive saying, \u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the aghori instantly bowed to chelayya and said to sagal shah, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93request a boon!\u8221\'94 Sagal shah replied, \u8220\'93Lord, what can I ask for? In kali Yuga no one is tested like this, and you have graced my by being born into my family. Now all that I can ask is that all in my family and all my descendants should have pure minds. Anyone who develops perverted intellect should be destroyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And to it has been until today.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every action has an equal and opposite reaction - cause is effect concealed, and effect is cause concealed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example, if I steal something from you in this lifetime the opportunity for me to steal from you can arise only if a debt exists between you and me; only if you owe me something. If there is no bondage, I will not be able to locate your home, or will not find what I want even if I do burgle it. And if I steal from you, instead of receiving from you as a gift the thing I want, of your own free will, it is highly likely that you must have stolen from me in the past. Your past action creates a like attitude in me.  (then an unrepentant theif must have a lot of people who owe him)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In my case I am very anxious to finish off my cycle of births and deaths so I allow every person who has any rnanubandhana with me to take from me whatever they are entitled to. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Karmic debt - rnanubandhana}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, I know I have the advantage of knowing about my rnanubandhanas. But anyone, even someone who has no diea at all about whom he owes and who owes him, can make good use of this attitude. The more you scheme and plot to snatch from others the farther you bind yourself down in karmas. The freer you are, accepting when it is given and giving when it is requested, the mor eof your \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  are effaced and the closer you come to your goal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moment you act to protect what you feel to be your self-interest, your ego, karma adheres to you like mud.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Me - as soon as the first japanese meets the first indian the two cultures collide and are now one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My own son. Ranu was meant to die young, that is all there was to it. I had plenty of warnings, I had my suspicions, I did all I could, but there was no way to avoid mahakala.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WATtS - monotheists - the governing power of this universe has some extremely definite opinions and rules. If you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t watch out, you\u8217\'92ll go against the grain of the universe and be punished-  burn in hell - fail to be an authentic person. There is authority behind the world, its far out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are a lot of people who never grow up and are always in awe of the image of grandfather - but grandfathers are dumb as fuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ftd5RBFYW0"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ftd5RBFYW0}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {How  woudl you know if there was something good if there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t something that wasn\u8217\'92t good at all.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {You cannot appreciate the firm without the yielding . The so called negativity of the feminine principle is life giving and important. We live in a culture that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice it. You see a drawing and dont notice the white paper underneath. You see a printed book and dont notice the page.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you are wandering as a sadhu you run into all types of people. Many criminals masquerade as sadhus or fakirs in order to escape the police, and the police in order to catch such criminals masquerade the same way. There are men who run away from nagging wives or heavy debts or some other responsibility. There are magicians and men who cheat barren couples with promises of children. The whole flotsam and jetsam of society. Best way to know who is genuine and who is not is with a chillum of charas or ganja, because most sadhus are forbidden to drink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Be sure to let that fellow light the chillum and take the first puff. First he will get the fire going for you so that you dont have to inhale too hard. Second, by his technique of holding the chillum and inhaling you will know whether he is an old crony, or a beginner, or just what. And as soon as he starts to get into his intoxication everything will come out; who he is, why he is moving as a sadhu, where he is going.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He is the shrewdest old man possible. If he wants to trick you, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll do it in such a way that he\u8217\'92ll have you admiring him for it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AGHORI - this obsession with making predictions that come true - the last two numbers on cotton price. Horse racing. Etc. As if they know things about the world, the future.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}