{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Is a catholic, and his channel is filled with catholic priests denying evolution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Does not advocate for a particular creationist model (little surprise there).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why I have problems with evolution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evolution is a historical hypothis, which is what it is, primarily. It\u8217\'92s at the heart of everything\u8230\'85It is an a priori assumption.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Goes on to talk about the Big Bang, which has absolutely nothing to do with the theory of evolution. Talks about how Big Bang cosmology has changed a lot of the years\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85as if it was a bad thing. He seems to not understand what science is. At any rate, he talks about how the science behind the Big Bang is not settled. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He proceeds to query LLMs about the competing cosmological models. It seems AI\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s main function in society is to lower the bar for \u8216\'91doing your own research\u8217\'92 even further. The great irony here, is that none of the models that the LLM discusses deny that a \u8216\'91Big Bang\u8217\'92 happened, or that the universe is expanding. He does not seem to understand this. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But all he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s doing here, is flooding the zone with scientific models to try and convince the viewer that science doesn\u8217\'92t know shit. Unfortunately for him, in Biology, there is only the one model: Evolution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He goes on to rant against injecting theism into any of these cosmological models. For this, he appeals to a Canon of Anathema from the first Vatican council, which states:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 >If anyone does not confess that the world and all things which are contained in it, both spiritual and material, were produced, according to their whole substance, out of nothing by God; or holds that God did not create by his will free from all necessity, but as necessarily as he necessarily loves himself; or denies that the world was created for the glory of God; let him be anathema.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He states:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 >You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe the opposite of this. This is an infallible statement.\u8221\'94 He says, \u8220\'93You can have debate about what kind of substances there are, whether these substances have some kind of elasticity, there was this debate by various theologians around the time of the advent of evolutionary theory; nothing was official. But, were there certain species or organisms that had this sort of elasticity, meaning continuing within them was a potential for greater change. That was kind of as far as it went\u8230\'85I personally don\u8217\'92t see how you can reconcile the Big Bang cosmology with [this anathematized statement]\u8230\'85Perhaps someone can do some mental gymnastics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He of course denigrates the catholic priest who proposed the Big Bang, Martin Lemaitre. Says the things he discovered were \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91not good\u8217\'92. He says:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 >I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not saying he was a condemnable heretic. I\u8217\'92m just saying, modernism, materialism, and rationalism, it was already a big deal in the church in the late 1800s and early 1900s. Which is why Pope Pius X had to write Pascendi in 1907 and condemn it. Leo XIII condemned a lot of modern errors as well in various encyclicals. By the time we get to the 1920s, there are a lot of those.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here he plugs his upcoming book, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What Happened to Catholicism? The Heresy Behind the Current Crisis\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bet that will be a joy to read.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Anyway, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re over halfway through the video, and he\u8217\'92s yet to address the Theory of Evolution.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He goes on to attack a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91mindset\u8217\'92 which says, \u8220\'93We have to leave it to the scientists, because the theologians don\u8217\'92t really understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got a real golden take here:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 > This idea that you have to separate the sciences, and the ones that are true in different areas, you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand them unless you have training in those; that\u8217\'92s not possible to hold that opinion. For one, because Pius X condemned it. But secondly, because it\u8217\'92s not sensible. Basically what this is saying is, if you\u8217\'92re not a scientist, you don\u8217\'92t understand the science. Well, okay, insert the COVID fiasco again. Trust the experts because you just don\u8217\'92t know. That\u8217\'92s a really great way to manipulate people and control them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 THAT\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92S a great way to manipulate people and control them??? Not, you know, some man in a funny hat making up lists of things that you aren\u8217\'92t allowed to believe on pain of eternal torment??? Yikes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He goes on to ask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is a scientist? I\u8217\'92m asking honestly. How do you count as a scientist?\u8221\'94 He wonder\u8217\'92s if AP bio students should be considered scientists. Health and Safety workers. Is that enough? A 4-year degree? He thinks that\u8217\'92s enough! That\u8217\'92s where his line is - an undergrad education in one of the sciences makes you a \u8216\'91scientist\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This man is so completely clueless. He then gets butthurt about someone who presumably followed an undergrad syllabus on their own time, and they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get counted as a \u8216\'91scientist\u8217\'92 because they don\u8217\'92t have a degree.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He goes on to call university degrees \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91elitist\u8217\'92, and compares it to gnostic heresies. \u8220\'93Unless you\u8217\'92re initiated through our rituals, you don\u8217\'92t get to have an opinion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He finishes by plugging his website/youtube channel.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In addition, Mozi argued that benevolence comes to human beings "as naturally as fire turns upward or water turns downward",\~}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}