{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Human being is not designed for contentment. It is designed to be unsatisfied. Cruel irony of the gods is that they gave the gift of imagination, and with it you imagine only how your life can be better. This drives you to seek better life, better position, more sustenance. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s driven them to this! Consorting with demons!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Throne room once carved into the earth like petra. But a great slab, tectonic plate, had shifted, so the whole room sat at angle, the lower right corner forming a gutter in which all manner of debris collected. So there was a flat path along it. Straight to the end of the hall, where a scaffold of stick and brick climbed up the far wall to an angled doorway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Colmuns which once held the roof had tumbled down and blocked the way. Passages were carved through them. Strangely well kept. Ayram knew the way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is this place?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dark, damp, chittering bats and creatures unspeakable. Odor? Cold Spring water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the end there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a set of stairs, which set sidways was a jagged wall. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This was the throne room of an old, old kingdom. A kingdom which once ruled over all of mankind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Situation where Ayram puts himself through suffering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why are you doing all this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Says nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looks to Pella and asks again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why is he doing all this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A woman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram spits out out some blood. As if the mere mention of his effervee had driven the spearhead deeper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle was stunned. Stunned and disgusted. Not just at the sight of the blood now curdling in the striations of the exposed muscle, but at the thought that any man would do all this for }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked Pella.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Goodness no. He is doing this for the First Woman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The First Woman?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram is the First Man. Esha\u8217\'92s Man. And Esha was his Woman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram blows himself up to save the lives of the Ayramun from the cannibals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re chased by empire, Ayram, in his flayed state, saves them again, but at great cost to himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram goes into a chamber, or passes out. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s muscle and sinew. Having just saved the lives the lives of teh Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella sits the survivors down and is like, look. Ayram needs one you to donate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their word for \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91anyone\u8217\'92 means, literally, \u8216\'91all the children of noah\u8217\'92. When they want to speak about everyone, no one in particular, they say, \u8216\'91all the children of noah\u8217\'92. THat\u8217\'92s how tightly wound their culture is. We just say \u8216\'91anyone\u8217\'92. Generic. Bland. Abstract. Practical. They\u8217\'92ve got a whole theology bound up in the word.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram, delerious: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hushar! Hushar, fetch the chirurgeon!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is Hushar?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Regent Hushar,\u8221\'94 Pella said. She pointed to a mural.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}