{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Writing query letters for two \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91new normals\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Seems to be a common thing where Inciting incident A.) recruited into task vs. B.) task is revealed to be wildly different than imagined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 E.G.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 My protagonist is a skilled thief who lives on a small island committing petty crimes. His father is the leader of the thieves guild there. One day, a group comes looking for a thief to pull off a nearly impossible task, and they kill the protagonist's father and kidnap him and his friend in order to make him comply. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 > The job this group wants him for involves stealing from the book's "big bad", the main antagonist. When he goes to do this task, he learns of [a macguffin] that the antagonist has the coordinates for, and also manages to get himself caught by the antagonist, and captured once again, now by this different, more powerful group.  who are ALSO searching for [the macguffin], which turns out to be incredibly important and can't fall into the hands of the antagonist. This is where the meat of the story begins, as the protagonist is caught between wanting to help find this thing to prevent the world's destruction, but also needing to rescue his still kidnapped friend.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Yup. The inciting incident is when your character gets punched in the mouth, and the first plot point is their choice to fight back. Or run. Or call the police. Or give their attacker a hug.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 > The story follows a girl who has supernatural powers. The first inciting incident happens at the end of chapter one where she meets someone who tells her she has been poisoned to suppress her powers. This leads her to leave home with the intent of learning to control her powers. But then comes the second inciting incident where her friend is kidnapped and she has to go save her. The second incident is at the 30% mark.}{ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The second incident sounds like your 'first complication' beat. This is often the point where a new external problem is introduced as an obstacle to the protagonist's goal.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F}}