{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What felt like a full day passed before the dull howl of the storm outside subsided. When it was gone, Mandri was forced out of the ladder room so that Ayram could punch his way through the glutted hole in the ceiling. The first stab of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spear saw a tumble of bricks fall down to the ground, and the second sent a stream of sand pouring into the room. It poured for a worrying while, filling up the room to as high as Ayram\u8217\'92s waist, and Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes. Eventually, it trickled to a stop. A few more stabs of Ayram\u8217\'92s spear encouraged a further collapse of stone and the glorious golden light of day shone through. Ayram climbed out, then called for his people to join him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri emerged into the fresh desert air and was surprised to find himself at the bottom of a conical pit of sand. Ayram was standing up on the rim of this crater, reckoning the storm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s track. He said the beast was headed north-to-northeast. The Hrks would be blocked from that direction, and that meant the best path forward was towards the Goree Pass. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For his plans to succeed, they would have to move fast. They would be traveling during daylight hours.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They departed in much the same fashion as they had arrived, with Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steady pace carrying him a long way out in front, followed by Ayram and Moto, followed by Mandri hauling Obo and  his ridiculous sword and two sacks of charmed rocks. The women remained in the rear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The energy of the passing storm still hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t left Mandri. That sandstorm, now darkening the northern wastes, was the most incredible thing he\u8217\'92d ever experienced while sober. It had him humming old pilgrims tunes about the desert\u8217\'92s beauty. But this sentiment did not last long, for the sun was up, the heat was rising, and the wind was blowing. As it is in the world of the Sand, when the wind blows, the sand accumulates. Sand attracts sand attracts sand. It sneaks into the shoes, shimmies under the nails, it chokes, and stifles, and narrows the world. And that\u8217\'92s how it was for the vast majority of the journey towards the Goree pass, so Mandri kept his head down and plodded through it. But it was a long journey, and as the Sand knew Mandri was a stranger, it was intent on providing a bit of show-and-tell.}}