{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {his psychic power allows yogis to develop an inner organ of per\'02ception that enables them to attune their vision to microscopic levels. The two theosophists' feat was carried out partly in Europe and partly in India. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {What had so far cooled my enthusiasm for fairy dowsing were the bowdlerized tales of the Brothers Grimrn and the saccharine pedantry of the fairy world of Disney. Surely a truer, more brilliant, more vivie\'02ing world of nature spirits must be clamoring to be verified. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Walking through the woods, I do not see the spirits, but I sense them all around me, and I no longer feel alone. My communion with plants, no longer metaphorical, is actual as I consciously breathe in life from their leaves and return the gift transmuted by my lungs, aware that sylph and undine have transmuted those leaves from sunlight. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {All of nature assumes a magical vesture. Like Aleister Crowley, I swim in nature like a fish in the sea, and nature swims in me like the sea in a fish! Even ticks, fleas, lice, and mosquitoes find an explanation when attributed to the plethora of noxious thoughts produced by hu\'02mans. No longer do I rail at the inanities, inadequacies, and injustices of a totally corrupt politico-scientific establishment; I am more san\'02guine now, certain that they, too, will mend their ways. Instead of re\'02coiling at the sight of some physically or spiritually distasteful person, I now rejoice that but for some angelic grace that person could be me and in some distant way is me. And it is sobering to realize that noth\'02ing one does, says, or thinks can escape the scrutiny of a vast and friendly audience-eyes wide, staring in wonder from the under\'02brush-only waiting to applaud the least sign of an upright, noble, or loving gesture. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  T}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he roots of plants, said Franc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9, burrow inquiringly into the earth, the buds and twigs swing in definite circles, the leaves and blossoms bend and shiver with change, the tendrils circle questingly and reach out with ghostly arms to feel their surroundings. Man, said Franc\u233\'E9, merely thinks plants motionless and feelingless because he will not take the time to watch them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 rishment they die and are replaced by cells designed to dissolve mineral salts and collect the resulting elements. This basic nourishment is passed from cell to cell up through the plant, which constitutes a single unit of protoplasm, a watery or gelatinous substance considered the basis of physical life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The root is thus a waterpump, with water acting as a universal solvent, raising elements from root to leaf, evaporating and falling back to earth to act once more as the medium for this chain of life. The leaves of an ordinary sunflower will transpire in a day as much water as a man\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 p}{\f0\fs24\b0 erspires. On a hot day a single birch can absorb as much as four hundred quarts, exuding cooling moisture through its leaves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 No plant, says Franc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9, is without movement; all growth is a series of movements; plants are constantly preoccupied with bending, turning and quivering. He describes a summer day with thousands of polyplike arms reaching from a peaceful arbor, trembling, quivering in their eagerness for new support for the heavy stalk that grows behind them. When the tendril, which sweeps a full circle in sixty-seven minutes, finds a perch, within twenty seconds it starts to curve around the object, and within the hour has wound itself so firmly it is hard to tear away. The tendril then curls itself like a corkscrew and in so doing raises the vine to itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The sundew plant will grasp at a fly with infallible accuracy, moving in just the right direction toward where the prey is to be found. Some parasitical plants can recognize the slightest trace of the odor of their victim, and will overcome all obstacles to crawl in its direction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 To protect themselves plants develop thorns, a bitter taste, or gummy secretions that catch and kill unfriendly insects. The timorous\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Mimosa pudica}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~has a mechanism which reacts whenever a beetle or an ant or a worm crawls up its stem toward its delicate leaves: as the intruder touches a spur the stem raises, the leaves fold up, and the assailant is either rolled off the branch by the unexpected movement or is obliged to draw back in fright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Some plants, unable to find nitrogen in swampy land, obtain it by devouring living creatures. There are more than five hundred varieties of carnivorous plants, eating any kind of meat from insect to beef, using endlessly cunning methods to capture their prey, from tentacles to sticky hairs to funnel-like traps. The tentacles of carnivorous plants are not only mouths but stomachs raised on poles with which to seize and eat their prey, to digest both meat and blood, and leave nothing but a skeleton.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Insect-devouring sundews pay no attention to pebbles, bits of metal, or other foreign substances placed on their leaves, but are quick to sense the nourishment to be derived from a piece of meat. Darwin found that the sundew can be excited when a piece of thread is laid on it weighing no more than 1/78,000 of a grain. A tendril, which next to the rootlets\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 c}{\f0\fs24\b0 onstitutes the most sensitive portion of a plant, will bend if a piece of silk thread is laid across it weighing but .00025 of a gram.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 supply strength of the long hollow tubes that support fantastic weights against terrific storms. A plant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s use of fibers wrapped in spirals is a mechanism of great resistance against tearing not yet developed by human ingenuity. Cells elongate into sausages or flat ribbons locked one to the other to form almost unbreakable cords. As a tree grows upward it scientifically thickens to support the greater weight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Australian eucalyptus can raise its head on a slim trunk above the ground 480 feet, or as high as the Great Pyramid of Cheops, and certain walnuts can hold a harvest of 100,000 nuts. The Virginia knotweed can tie a sailor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knot which is put to such a strain when it dries that it snaps, hurling the seeds to germinate as far as possible from mother.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Plants are even sentient to orientation and to the future. Frontiersmen and hunters in the prairies of the Mississippi Valley discovered a sunflower plant,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Silphium laciniatum}{\f0\fs24\b0 , whose leaves accurately indicate the points of the compass. Indian licorice, or\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Arbrus precatorius}{\f0\fs24\b0 , is so keenly sensitive to all forms of electrical and magnetic influences it is used as a weather plant. Botanists who first experimented with it in London\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Kew Gardens found in it a means for predicting cyclones, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes and volcanic eruptions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So accurate are alpine flowers about the seasons, they know when spring is coming and bore their way up through lingering snowbanks, developing their own heat with which to melt the snow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Plants which react so certainly, so variously, and so promptly to the outer world, must, says Franc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9, have some means of communicating with the outer world, something comparable or superior to our senses. Franc\u233\'E9 insists that plants are constantly observing and recording events and phenomena of which man\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 trapped in his anthropocentric view of the world, subjectively revealed to him through his five senses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 knows nothing.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The blooms are edible. They taste spicy.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Fenestrated leaves.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 the problem several minutes, then conceived a worse threat: he would burn the actual leaf to which the electrodes were attached. The instant he got the picture of flame in his mind, and before he could move for a match, there was a dramatic change in the tracing pattern on the graph in the form of a prolonged upward sweep of the recording pen. Backster had not moved, either toward the plant or toward the recording machine. Could the plant have been reading his mind?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe plants see better\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 without}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~eyes,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Backster surmised: \u8220\'93better than humans do with them.\u8221\'94 With the five basic senses, humans have the choice, at will, of perceiving, perceiving poorly, not perceiving at all. \u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t like the looks of something,\u8221\'94 said Backster, \u8220\'93you can look the other way, or not look. If everyone were to be in everyone else\u8217\'92s mind all the time it would be chaos.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 During the next few months, chart after chart was obtained from all sorts of plants. The phenomenon appeared to persist even if the plant leaf was detached from the plant, or if it was trimmed to the size of the electrodes; amazingly, even if a leaf was shredded and redistributed between the electrode surfaces there was still a reaction on the chart. The plants reacted not only to threats from human beings, but to unformulated threats, such as the sudden appearance of a dog in the room or of a person who did not wish them well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 For nine hours Backster got an active chart recording from the egg, corresponding to the rhythm of the heartbeats of the chicken embryo, the frequency being between 160 and 170 beats per minute, appropriate to an embryo three or four days along in incubation. Only the egg was store-bought, acquired at the local delicatessen, and was unfertilized. Later, breaking the egg and dissecting it, Backster was astonished to find that it contained no physical circulatory structure of any sort to account for the pulsation. He appeared to have tapped into some sort of force field not conventionally understood within the present body of scientific knowledge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The only hint as to what sort of world he had wandered into came\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 t}{\f0\fs24\b0 o Backster from the amazing experiments in the energy fields around plants, trees, humans, and even cells, carried out at the Yale Medical School in the 1930s and 1940s by the late Professor Harold Saxton Burr, which are only just beginning to be recognized and understood.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0}