{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Only two answers to the questions \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93what is\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nature - tables chairs, atoms etc. No room for gods.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Jesus saw that the Jewish method of acquiring righteousness (which is radical observance of god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laws), did not lead them to an understanding of the spirit of the law. Because of this he (and/or his followers), devised a new method for acquiring righteousness (faith in Jesus as God, and the working of the holy spirit within the believer.) I have seen that this Christian method of acquiring righteousness does not actually lead them to an understanding of the spirit of the law, as evidenced in things like the crusades, slavery, hatred of homosexuality, transgender, etc. This is not to say that there are *NO* christians who do understand the spirit of the law, it is to say that they are not found in any greater or lesser proportion than people who follow other belief systems - that is, their method is not any more reliable to achieving righteous }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 understanding }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (not action), than any other method.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wittgenstein - philosophical illness is a result of \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 -}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The problem with Eisenmann\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s claims is that they fundamentally misapprehend realiety - \u8220\'93A jew couldn\u8217\'92t have written this\u8221\'94 - Paul is \u8216\'91anti-semitic\u8217\'92 - but this misapprehends the length of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 More likely - jewish christains weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keeping some aspect of the law, this offended paul, he changes modes, and pushes it to its logical extreme.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {It should be categorically stated, as noted in the Introduction, that a Jewish document can be sectarian, that is, anti-Pharisee or even anti-Sadducee, as the Dead Sea Scrolls most certainly are and the Gospels at their most authentic sometimes are, but it cannot be anti-Semitic. This would be a contradiction in terms. It is possible to oppose persons of a different party or sectarian persuasion, nationalist or anti-nationalist, cosmopolitan or xenophobic, as Josephus does; but one cannot be against one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s self - except abnormally. Paul sometimes exhibits this baffling characteristic, but, as we shall show, Paul is perhaps not really Jewish in the manner he thinks or advertises himself to be. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }