{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was not alone. Stumbling along behind her was a Jandri girl wrapped in a mottled, brown blanket. She leaned against Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stooped back, and the pair moved with deliberate care as the girl was clearly drugged, or drunk. Mandri guessed drunk because she walked with that familiar rhythmless, scuffing, shuffle of blurred instinct. She would have fallen at least twice if Elrahet was not there to steady the load. The third time, Elrahet shrugged and let the girl fall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Toughen up!\u8221\'94 the old woman snipped as the girl caught herself on hand and knee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When this girl looked up her eyes locked on the Mazid, and her chin jerked up. The sun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light revealed to all a sickly pale face, which is no small thing for a Jandri girl reddened by kell oil and the sun. Her high and narrow cheeks were troubled by a huge mess of tousled brown hair and a clear lack of sleep, though her dark eyes were set in cold resolve as she fought back a grimace as she stood back up. Huddled up as she was under the blanket, the source of her pain was not clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grabbed the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder and pulled her up straight. He shook her gently, and he called her name to bring her to attention. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His dismissiveness enraged the girl. She tossed off her blanket, and along with it went any sign of the lethargy and pain which plagued her features.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}