{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If Pel were here, I\u8217\'92d point to her. She ripped out Gil\u8217\'92s stomach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is Gil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My ox.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 evil}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  about that? Have you never chewed on a slab of tripe?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She didn\u8217\'92t eat the stomach. She ate Gil\u8217\'92s Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s white eyebrows jumped and he reflexively muttered, \u8220\'93Interesting\u8230\'85but I doubt you saw the beast\u8217\'92s Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw what I saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Mandri, you\u8217\'92re too intelligent to lean on tautology. You know that there is a difference between seeing and understanding, and I suspect you know that there is a difference between the sensation of understanding and actual understanding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw what I saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But how do you know you\u8217\'92re not lying to yourself? You\u8217\'92ve told yourself a story and you believe it. You believe it as easily as you believe the stories about how the world came to be, but none of these stories are true.\u8221\'94 He pointed to the fresco of Solraheen and Schisol. \u8220\'93This story here is a lie. It claims that Solraheen called forth a stone of Fabled Black from the night to end Himself and His evil brother\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it is a simple and neat story, but it is not the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its stomach was grossly distended, and its narrow shoulders were hunched. Mandri supposed the creature was a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91him\u8217\'92, but he wasn\u8217\'92t sure, for its groin was completely smooth and lacked any sign of gender. But \u8216\'91he\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91she\u8217\'92 makes no difference when the subject in question was a demon, for that\u8217\'92s what Mandri supposed. That\u8217\'92s the only possible thing it could be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Despite this demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s deformities, its face was smooth and fair, if a little underfed, and its serene expression was couched in generic Hrkan features\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin lips and sad eyes, all in symmetrical and genderless proportions. And it was alive.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why a demon had met such abuse, Mandri was not sure. Perhaps this was a human half-transformed, still suffering through its long punishment. A cell-mate of sorts. A vision of what was in store for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had no doubt he would be tortured as well. And after torture, there would come periods of healing, hence the stitching on the demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest. This all made sense because Shis couldn\u8217\'92t be all-torture all-the-time. There would need to be quiet moments to allow for reflection. And no doubt the torture would fit the crimes he\u8217\'92d committed up on the surface. This creature here had committed a crime of passion. Why else would they cut through to its heart? It also explained the erasure of its genitalia. No doubt this was some Hrkan youth who had succumbed to the passions of temptation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was such a pitiful sight. Mandri might have been scared of it, but the creature didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem capable of moving. It never even looked at Mandri. Eventually it fell asleep, and when it did, Mandri felt at ease enough to close his eyes and try to predict what style torture was in store.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He examined the rest of his body piece by piece, and nothing was black and rotting as he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expected, though he was much dirtier. He made to grab the blanket to cover his legs from the chill, and that\u8217\'92s when he realized his right hand was missing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Completely gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Missing at the wrist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In its place was a weedy brown poultice wrapped around the nub of his forearm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demons had taken his dominant hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His brush-wielding hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The symbolism was unsophisticated\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d rejected his great talent and now he\u8217\'92d lost it all together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel a thing. Not the slightest twinge of pain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He regretted the careless remark immediately, for the sound attracted the attention of the ghoul, whose pale eyes studied him with an uncomfortable curiosity. The creature then pushed itself upright, matching Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pose, and suddenly it didn\u8217\'92t seem so helpless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri decided he should look for a way out of this cramped little space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stood up, slow and deliberate, half because he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to make any sudden movements that could be misinterpreted, and half because his muscles simply couldn\u8217\'92t move any faster. He backed up against his side of the cave and his tousled hair brushed against the low ceiling. He felt his way along the sandstone towards the shadows on his right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock in that direction dipped into a little hollow with no way out. So, Mandri shuffled back the other way, to the left, keeping close to the rock, staying as far away as he could from the pale creature who still watched him with intent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s searching fingers found a wide crack in the rock behind him. It seemed to be a dark opening that he could shimmy through, but when he stuck his good arm into it, his fingers butted up against stone. Satisfied that there was no way through, and eager to not have his back exposed in present company, he returned to his brown blanket and straw bed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was only one other direction to explore\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 behind the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right shoulder was a hole in the rock that was wide enough to crawl into. Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes strained to see if it dead-ended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no way out that way,\u8221\'94 the demon said. Its voice was even and clear, shockingly free of the rankling pain it must be feeling from the wound on its chest. \u8220\'93Or I should say, there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  an opening there that leads straight up, but it is not something you can fit through. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m afraid it\u8217\'92s just another cranny for the lizards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lizards?\u8221\'94 The word flew out of Mandri\u8217\'92s mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Lizards,\u8221\'94 the demon said. It pointed up with its delicate hand. There on the ceiling, half-buried in sooty cracks, were a dozen or so black blobs. Mandri took them for some strange fungal growth, and then one of them squeaked and scurried along the ceiling towards the unexplored passageway. Its tiny talons scratched the rock as it went. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pale demon laughed. It was an inviting laugh, and it had an unmistakable Hrkan lilt. Mandri wondered if this half-boy-half-demon still remembered who it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked it straight, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Obo,\u8221\'94 said the creature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pulled his blanket up tight around his shoulders. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you a demon?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo smiled. His smile was bright even in this dim lamplight. Mandri had been expecting fangs, but wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t surprised, for a disarming smile could be as useful for a demon\u8217\'92s purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think I\u8217\'92m a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You deny it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do. I am not a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well you look like a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your body is a perversion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unless a demon\u8217\'92s snore sounds exactly like an underfed Jandri woman who\u8217\'92s chewed too many borcandi spines, then no, not a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can tell all that from the sound of a snore?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Borcandi juice gets phlegmy in the throat. It gives it that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you hear it? It gives the snore that sputtering tune.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That might be true, but at present you are very much alive. In fact, it was your beating heart that woke me up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tugged his blanket even tighter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can hear my heartbeat?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can hear your eyes blink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri instinctively blinked, then he scowled because he felt like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been tricked into it. \u8220\'93Only a demon could hear such a thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92re not a human.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is correct.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am a Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart fluttered at the mention. It actually made a little sense. He remembered seeing a Mazid before, from a distance. It had the same pale white skin, the same slightness of size. But he\u8217\'92d never seen a Mazid naked, and surely the guild of Lords could fleshcraft better than this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you,\u8221\'94 Mandri finally said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MazidSeb is my full name. To friends, it\u8217\'92s simply, Seb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How would a Mazid end up in Shis?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Torture in Shis would be elaborate. No doubt, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come with a sense of poetic justice, so Mandri thought long and hard about his crimes. He\u8217\'92d never committed any unshoulderable sins, nothing to warrant being impaled on a spike a thousand times or tossed into a lake of fire. People shamed him for giving up on life, but as far as he knew, that wasn\u8217\'92t explicitly forbidden. Who was he harming? No one. Harming himself? Nonsense. Was self-hatred a sin against the Spark? Was hatred?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If self-hatred was sin, there could be only one punishment with any poetic significance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would be made to hurt himself. Somehow, this place was going to get him to cut his own throat, or kick his own severed head into a hole. But}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , so he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d need some prodding. He might be forced to ingest some mind-controlling substance, or be strapped into an ancient contraption of rust and iron, with knives, chains, and pulleys that could bend his arms against his will and make him flay himself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at his poulticed wrist. Realization dawned, and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93Your bloody stump of fingers is fisting my heart.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My hand is inside your chest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should be able to feel it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel a damn thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like that they were talking about him, so he turned the tables. \u8220\'93Do something that only a Mazid can do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aside from spit Mazidfire, the only other thing I can do, that you can\u8217\'92t, is admit when I\u8217\'92m wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Horseshit,\u8221\'94 Mandri groaned. \u8220\'93I know the Mazidai have other powers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can read minds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, we can\u8217\'92t. We are observant, and that catches some people by surprise and they leap to fanciful conclusions. I cannot read your mind, else I wouldn\u8217\'92t wonder why you think a place like this is worthy of the title, \u8216\'91Shis\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would a Sparkless Mazid know about Shis?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you admit that I\u8217\'92m a Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m saying that if you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 were}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a Mazid, you wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be wondering about Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you hear them?\u8221\'94 he asked Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are they arguing about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cocked his ear towards the crack. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evidently our guard is being harassed because she wasn\u8217\'92t supposed to leave us alone. Her defense is that this little cave of ours smells.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92d be right,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, casting an accusing eye at Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry about that,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing I can do. But we should probably stop talking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I think it\u8217\'92s better for both of us if they think I\u8217\'92ve been asleep this whole time. I\u8217\'92d appreciate it if you didn\u8217\'92t give the ruse away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, Seb laid back down and assumed the exact position he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been in when Mandri first saw him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the skinny woman in the back of the head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tell Ayram,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m telling Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Nothin\u8217\'92s happened! Look at \u8216\'91im! He\u8217\'92s barely moved.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stout man brought his torch towards Seb, whose act of fitful sleep was quite convincing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t tell. But you\u8217\'92ve got to carry the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine by me,\u8221\'94 said the woman. \u8220\'93Barely weighs more than a pinch of tinder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wondered, when the cramp in his calves subsided, if she was a cell-mate of sorts. It was said that there were pits under the earth where humans were molded into demons. Perhaps she was a vision of what was in store for him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}