{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Assumption of }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 Realism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  - We can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t prove that the external world is not an illusion via solipsism. So, we must assume that anything and everything that we can reliably perceive and/or measure, is in some way real.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From here, the assumptions you make may vary depending upon your field of investigation and personal tastes. The assumptions below, I think, would qualify as reasonable assumptions. People use these assumptions because they have been EXTREMELY successful in explaining phenomena and advancing knowledge and technology, whereas other sets of assumptions have been spinning their wheels for millennia.\line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 Uniformitarianism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  -  We cannot prove that reality didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t pop into existence five seconds ago. We cannot prove reality won\u8217\'92t pop }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 out}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  of existence five seconds from now. Here we assume that the mechanisms which govern reality in the present are the same that govern reality in the past, and will continue into the future. Please note that this is the broad definition of philosophical uniformitarianism, not uniformitarianism as presented in an old geology textbook, which would include concepts like gradualism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 Cosmological Principle}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  - We cannot prove that the physical laws in our immediate vicinity are the same as the physical laws elsewhere in the universe. In order to speak intelligibly about *any* part of the universe outside of our own tiny spheres of it, we must assume that the laws of the universe apply evenly throughout the universe. You can think of this as a sibling assumption to Uniformitarianism; where Uniformitarianism assumes physical laws hold through the time dimension, the Cosmological principle assumes these laws hold through spatial dimension.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Instead of Uniformitarianism and/or the Cosmological principle, some prefer the assumption of }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 Actualism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  - this is the assumption that all observed phenomena will be explained by processes which which are \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91actual\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is, they will be explained by real, physical processes that can be demonstrated to actually exist - this would rule out fairies/aliens/bigfoot/nessie/god etc. Some prefer this assumption because it may be that the laws of physics are different elsewhere in time and space, but those regions of spacetime will nonetheless have naturalistic explanations that do not invoke gods/fairies/aliens.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some version/arrangment of these assumptions is necessary to get even the most basic investigation into reality off of the ground. Obviously, most fundamentalist types would reject Actualism. But they would require some hackneyed version of uniformitarianism and the cosmological principle. For example, they may say that the laws of nature are uniform, except only in those instances where the bible demonstrates that god intervened\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85a very elaborate assumption. I would say, a bad thing to simply assume (they of course would try to justify employing this hackneyed assumption because of the tingling they felt via divine revelation).\line \line Science, as well as most scholarly research disciplines, think it is good form to employ as few assumptions as possible, and employ the cleanest assumptions possible. It\u8217\'92s an investigative project with no clear outcome\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 How much can we explain if we assume only Realism, Uniformitarianism, and the Cosmological Principle? It turns out, we can explain *as much* or *significantly more* than any other set of assumptions. In other words, if the set of MinimalAssumptions has the *exact* same explanatory and predictive power as the set of MinimalAssumptions+FairyAssumption, then the Fairy Assumption isn\u8217\'92t actually doing anything; it is unnecessary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now, the further up the chain of scientific investigation you go, the less informative these fundamental assumptions become. So for example, the Cosmological principle will help guide our interpretation of the Cosmic Microwave Background, but it does little to help us to interpret a country\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s GDP. The further up you go, \u8216\'91from molecules to man\u8217\'92, the more uncertain our interpretations of data become. For this reason, the more fundamental sciences of physics/chemistry are \u8216\'91harder\u8217\'92 than the \u8216\'91softer\u8217\'92 sciences of psychology/economics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To make any progress at interpreting data the further you go up the chain, it becomes necessary to add assumptions into your program. For example, in basic physics classes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Assume the cow is a sphere\u8221\'94. In economics, \u8220\'93Assume agents are rational\u8221\'94. When you do this, you are doing it with the full awareness that you are modeling a \u8216\'91real\u8217\'92 system, and that every assumption you add to that model will decrease the resolution of the model. But that can be okay, for many purposes, because most models are only meant to capture certain essential features of a system and idealize away everything else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now we turn to the field of textual criticism.  An extremely soft science. To make any progress at all in building a model of understanding, we are going to have to add some assumptions to our \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91minimal assumption set\u8217\'92. This should immediately put *ALL OF US* into a state of cautious skepticism as to the veracity of our own model. Trained scholars are aware of and accept this reality; fundamentalist preachers are clueless in this respect.\line \line Continuing on, the approach one uses to measure/interpret the \u8216\'91meaning\u8217\'92 of any given text is referred to as a hermeneutic analysis. This is in contrast to other methods of analysis like descriptive statistical analysis, or classification, which attempt to model other essential features of a text. But the process is the same for all these model making endeavors\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 given a certain set of assumptions, what is the result that pops out? There are many different sets of assumptions resulting in many different hermeneutics and thus, different interpretations; romantic hermeneutics, methodological hermeneutics, epistemological hermeneutics, ontological hermeneutics, marxist hermeneutics, radical hermeneutics, diacritical hermeneutics, critical hermeneutics, analytic hermeneutics, engaged hermeneutics, etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Which set of assumptions is legitimate? Well, it depends largely on taste, but I certainly believe some are more reasonable than others. The Historical Critical Method is one such hermeneutic, and, I believe, a reasonable one that is worth the effort. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As summarized by wikipedia: \line \line >The historian applying historical criticism has several goals in mind. One is to understand what the text itself is saying in the context of its own time and place, and as it would have been intended to and received by its original audience (sometimes called the sensus literalis sive historicus, i.e. the "historical sense" or the "intended sense" of the meaning of the text). The historian also seeks to understand the credibility and reliability of the sources in question, understanding sources as akin to witnesses to the past as opposed to straightforward narrations of it. In this process, it is important to understand the intentions, motivations, biases, prejudices, internal consistency, and even the truthfulness of the sources being studied. Involuntary witnesses that did not intend to transmit a piece of information or present it to an external audience, but end up doing so nonetheless, are considered greatly valuable. All possible explanations must be considered by the historian, and data and argumentation must be used in order to rule out various options.[9] In the context of biblical studies, an appeal to canonical texts is insufficient to settle what actually happened in biblical history. A critical inspection of the canon, as well as extra-biblical literature, archaeology, and all other available sources, is also needed.[10] Likewise, a "hermeneutical autonomy" of the text must be respected, insofar as the meaning of the text should be found within it as opposed to being imported into it, whether that is from one's conclusions, presuppositions, or something else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To be clear, the HCM makes assumptions, it has faults, and it is not perfect. It is, after all, only a means to model. But at the very least, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not a complete clownshow like the literalist/biblical inerrancy hermeneutic. It also has significantly more explanatory power than the fundamentalist hermeneutic. \u8220\'93Explanatory power\u8221\'94 will be defined later, as I am to eat lunch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For example, the two testable structural consequences of the cosmological principle are homogeneity and isotropy. Homogeneity \endash  constant density \endash  means that the same observational evidence is available to observers at different locations in the universe. Isotropy \endash  same in all directions \endash  means that the same observational evidence is available by looking in any direction in the universe. Isotropy implies homogeneity, but an homogeneous universe could be anisotropic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Uniformitarianism would be falsified }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Actualism}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 geology - actualism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Actualism}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in geology is the idea that the facts of geology can and should be explained in terms of the sort of physical processes that actually happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As such, it can be considered both as a scientific theory (that the facts\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 can}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~be explained by real processes) and as a methodological principle (that they\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 should}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~be so explained).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 You might wonder why there is a need to have a name for this. You might also wonder why it is necessary to mention it particularly in a textbook on geology, since after all this is a universal scientific principle. Chemists (to take one example) are just as much actualists as geologists, because all scientists are; and yet they do not include a section on actualism in their textbooks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The reason why it is mentioned particularly in geological textbooks is a historical one. For many centuries people have been trying to explain geology in terms of non-actual, magical processes: explaining, for example, that the Earth's strata were produced by God turning off the force of gravity and then turning it back on; or that God created fossils when he made the Earth so that coal-miners even when underground would have visible signs of his presence. Various religious sects still promote non-actual concepts of geology to this present day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As we have said, actualism (considered as the assertion that the geological record\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 can}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~be explained in terms of real processes) should be regarded as a scientific theory. Why? \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  because it is testable. We can look at the rocks, and we would recognize if there was something in the geological record which could not be explained in terms of real processes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In fact, as you will recall from previous articles, what we find is that we can explain what we see: we can explain\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Till"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 glacial till}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in terms of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Glaciers"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 glaciers}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , marine\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Limestone"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 limestone}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in terms of the deposition of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Calcareous_ooze"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 calcareous ooze}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Chemical_weathering"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 chemical weathering}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in terms of chemistry,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Paleomagnetism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 paleomagnetism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in terms of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Continental_drift"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 continental drift}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Saline_giant"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 saline giants}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in terms of the evaporation of seawater, and so forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If there are still things that are not yet perfectly explained, such as the question of how\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 exactly}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Glacier"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 glaciers}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~make\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Drumlin"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 drumlins}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , then we can hardly regard that as a falsification of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Theory"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 theory}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , but merely an area in which more work needs to be done, for it is not plain that\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Drumlin"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 drumlins}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 cannot}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~be explained by a better understanding of actual\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Glacial"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 glacial}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~processes and would instead require the invocation of a non-actualistic being such as the Drumlin Fairy to fill this minor gap in our knowledge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If, on the other hand (for example) we split open two leaves of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Slate"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 slate}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and found therein the first chapter of Genesis written in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Historical_Geology/Glossary_and_index#Quartz"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 quartz}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , then this would falsify actualism; we could not even imagine that one day we would find any ordinary physical process that would explain the phenomenon: we know too much about the way in which the world works to consider that even for a moment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}