{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Convo between moto and sogasa.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sogasa tries to convince moto to do away with his compatriots. Return the spark to the maker. Teachings of mun as a boy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto is like, fuck u dude I do what I want.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are an impressive warrior. How many men have you killed?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No doubt. You are a skilled. What are you doing out here?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am following ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Following ayram? Why? He is an impressive man, no doubt. But does he have your skill/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shrugges. He does not fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You follow a man who does not fight? A man of his size? Shameful. But you. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve killed a hundred or more, no?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep count.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You must see it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See what.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are the Moon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weapon. I left zo in search of moons weapon. I found you. You must see it.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kill them and come back with me. You are the leader we need.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To fight another war with San?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To put an end to all wars. You know it. I know you know it. This material world is a disease. A body is nothing but a trap for the divine spark. You are Zo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weapon. You kill better than a helshisop. You must see it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto: look at you. Pitiful. So weak. You Couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t kill a fly. And you say that killing is the pinnacle of life. Pathetic. No wonder you come to me. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe like, moto says ill do it if you kiss my feet. Sogassa eagerly does, and that puts moto off. You have no will of your own. Relying on others. You depart in my wake. Ill have none of the chains you seek to bind me, that I might pull you like an ox plows his masters field. Do your own work. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You think, that because you and I have the same skin, that we are anything alike?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But you would do ayrams will?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto is like you have no idea. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is only one thing that will last. That is ayram.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are Moon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weapon. Of this I have no doubt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}