{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Existence precedes essence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example, it belongs to the essence of a house to keep the bad weather out, which is why it has walls and a roof. Humans are different from houses because\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 unlike houses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they do not have an inbuilt purpose: they are free to\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 choose}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~their own purpose and thereby shape their essence; thus, their\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 existence precedes their essence}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some interpret the imperative to define oneself as meaning that anyone can wish to be anything. However, an existentialist philosopher would say such a wish constitutes an inauthentic existence \endash  what Sartre would call "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bad faith}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ". Instead, the phrase should be taken to say that people are defined only insofar as they act and that they are responsible for their actions. Someone who acts cruelly towards other people is, by that act, defined as a cruel person. Such persons are themselves responsible for their new identity (cruel persons). This is opposed to their genes, or\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 human nature}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , bearing the blame. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The craft of the self}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - the first is the relationships between yourself and others. You are defined by these relationships - the more you struggle against this the more you are defined.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Thrownness}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_language"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 German}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 :\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Geworfenheit}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 )}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thrownness#cite_note-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is a concept introduced by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_German-language_philosophers"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 German philosopher}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Heidegger"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Martin Heidegger}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(1889\endash 1976) to describe humans' individual existences as being 'thrown' (}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 geworfen}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) into the world. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Socratic irony}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is "the dissimulation of ignorance practised by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socrates"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Socrates}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~as a means of confuting an adversary".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irony#cite_note-ReferenceA-12"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 12]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Socrates would pretend to be ignorant of the topic under discussion, to draw out the inherent nonsense in the arguments of his interlocutors.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Chambers_Dictionary"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Chambers Dictionary}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~defines it as "a means by which a questioner pretends to know less than a respondent, when actually he knows more". }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This can be more easily understood when considering facticity in relation to the temporal dimension of our past: one's past is what one is, in that it co-constitutes oneself. However, to say that one is only one's past would ignore a significant part of reality (the present and the future), while saying that one's past is only what one was, would entirely detach it from oneself now. A denial of one's concrete past constitutes an inauthentic lifestyle, and also applies to other kinds of facticity (having a human body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 e.g., one that does not allow a person to run faster than the speed of sound\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 identity, values, etc. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Facticity is a limitation and a condition of freedom. It is a limitation in that a large part of one's facticity consists of things one did not choose (birthplace, etc.), but a condition of freedom in the sense that one's values most likely depend on it. However, even though one's facticity is "set in stone" (as being past, for instance), it cannot determine a person: the value ascribed to one's facticity is still ascribed to it freely by that person. As an example, consider two men, one of whom has no memory of his past and the other who remembers everything. Both have committed many crimes, but the first man, remembering nothing, leads a rather normal life while the second man, feeling trapped by his own past, continues a life of crime, blaming his own past for "trapping" him in this life. There is nothing essential about his committing crimes, but he ascribes this meaning to his past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, to disregard one's facticity during the continual process of self-making, projecting oneself into the future, would be to put oneself in denial of oneself and would be inauthentic. The origin of one's projection must still be one's facticity, though in the mode of not being it (essentially). An example of one focusing solely on possible projects without reflecting on one's current facticity:}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existentialism#cite_note-2.1_Facticity_and_Transcendence-40"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 40]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~would be someone who continually thinks about future possibilities related to being rich (e.g. a better car, bigger house, better quality of life, etc.) without acknowledging the facticity of\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not currently having the financial means to do so}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . In this example, considering both facticity and transcendence, an authentic mode of being would be considering future projects that might improve one's current finances (e.g. putting in extra hours, or investing savings) in order to arrive at a\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 future-facticity}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of a modest pay rise, further leading to purchase of an affordable car.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Facticity is a limitation and a condition of freedom. It is a limitation in that a large part of one's facticity consists of things one did not choose (birthplace, etc.), but a condition of freedom in the sense that one's values most likely depend on it. However, even though one's facticity is "set in stone" (as being past, for instance), it cannot determine a person: the value ascribed to one's facticity is still ascribed to it freely by that person. As an example, consider two men, one of whom has no memory of his past and the other who remembers everything. Both have committed many crimes, but the first man, remembering nothing, leads a rather normal life while the second man, feeling trapped by his own past, continues a life of crime, blaming his own past for "trapping" him in this life. There is nothing essential about his committing crimes, but he ascribes this meaning to his past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, to disregard one's facticity during the continual process of self-making, projecting oneself into the future, would be to put oneself in denial of oneself and would be inauthentic. The origin of one's projection must still be one's facticity, though in the mode of not being it (essentially). An example of one focusing solely on possible projects without reflecting on one's current facticity:}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existentialism#cite_note-2.1_Facticity_and_Transcendence-40"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 40]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~would be someone who continually thinks about future possibilities related to being rich (e.g. a better car, bigger house, better quality of life, etc.) without acknowledging the facticity of\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not currently having the financial means to do so}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . In this example, considering both facticity and transcendence, an authentic mode of being would be considering future projects that might improve one's current finances (e.g. putting in extra hours, or investing savings) in order to arrive at a\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 future-facticity}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of a modest pay rise, further leading to purchase of an affordable car.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~"mimicry" where one acts as "one should" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A critical claim in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existentialism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 existentialist}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~thought is that individuals are always\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_will"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 free to make choices}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and guide their lives towards their own chosen goal or "project". This claim suggests that individuals cannot escape this freedom, even in overwhelming circumstances. For instance, even an empire's colonized victims possess choices: to submit to rule, to negotiate, to commit suicide, to resist nonviolently, or to counter-attack. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although external circumstances may limit individuals (this limitation from the outside is called\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facticity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 facticity}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), they cannot force a person to follow one of the remaining courses over another. In this sense the individual still has some freedom of choice. For this reason, an individual may choose in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anguish"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anguish}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~fully aware that this will have consequences. For\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Paul_Sartre"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sartre}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , to claim that one amongst many conscious possibilities takes undeniable precedence (for instance, "I cannot risk my life, because I must support my family") is to assume the role of an object in the world, not a free agent, but merely at the mercy of circumstance (a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Being-in-itself"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 being-in-itself}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~that is only its own facticity, i.e., it "is" inside itself, and acts there as a limitation).}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~For Sartre, this attitude is manifestly self-deceiving. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 According to this philosophy, humans are always aware that they are more than what they are aware of. In other words, they are not whatever they are aware of. In this sense, humans cannot be defined as "intentional objects" of consciousness that includes the restrictions imposed by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facticity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 facticity}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , personal history, character, bodies, or objective responsibility. Thus, as Sartre often repeated, "Human reality is what it is not, and it is not what it is." An example of what he means is being a doctor but wishing to "transcend" that to become a pig farmer. One is who one is not: a pig farmer, not who one is, a doctor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One can only define oneself negatively, as "what it is not", and this negation is the only positive definition of "what it is."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From this we are aware of a host of alternative reactions to our freedom to choose an objective situation, since no situation can dictate a single response. We pretend that these possibilities are denied to us by assuming social roles and value systems external to this nature}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Please_clarify"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1\super clarification needed}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super ]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . But this is itself a decision made possible by our freedom and our separation from these things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Bad faith" is the paradoxical free decision to deny to ourselves this inescapable freedom.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sartre cites a caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9 waiter, whose movements and conversation are a little too "waiter-esque". His voice oozes with an eagerness to please; he carries food rigidly and ostentatiously;"his movement is quick and forward, a little too precise, a little too rapid".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 4]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~His exaggerated behaviour illustrates that he is play-acting as a waiter, as an object in the world: an automaton whose essence is to be a waiter. But that he is obviously acting belies that he is aware that he is not (merely) a waiter, but is rather consciously deceiving himself.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another of Sartre's examples involves a young woman on a first date. She ignores the obvious sexual implications of her date's compliments to her physical appearance, but accepts them instead as words directed at her as a human consciousness. As he takes her hand, she lets it rest indifferently in his, "neither consenting nor resisting\~\endash  a thing"}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\endash  refusing either to return the gesture or to rebuke it. Thus she delays the moment when she must choose either to acknowledge and reject his advances, or consent to them. She conveniently considers her hand only a thing in the world, and his compliments as unrelated to her body, playing on her dual human reality as a physical being, and as a consciousness separate and free from this physicality.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-7"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 7]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sartre suggests that by acting in bad faith the waiter and the woman are denying their own freedom, by using their freedom to do so. They manifestly know they are free, but are actively choosing not to acknowledge it. Bad faith is paradoxical in this regard: when acting in bad faith, a person is actively denying their own freedom, while relying on it to perform the denial.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 De Beauvoir described three main types of women acting in bad faith: the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narcissist"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Narcissist}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~who denies her freedom by construing herself as a desirable object; the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Mystic}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , who invests her freedom in an absolute; and the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Woman in Love}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , who submerges her identity in that of her male object.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 8]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She also considered what she called the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Serious Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , who subordinated himself to some outside cause, to be in bad faith inasmuch as he denies his own freedom}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dostoyevsky}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The narrator observes that utopian society removes suffering and pain, but man desires both things and needs them in order to be happy. He argues that removing pain and suffering in society takes away a man's freedom. He says that the cruelty of society }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  human beings moan about pain only to spread their suffering to others. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~one cannot avoid the simple fact that anyone, at any time, can decide to act in a way that might not be considered to be in their own self-interest; some will do so simply to validate their existence and to protest and confirm that they exist as individuals. The Underground Man ridicules the type of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enlightened_self-interest"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 enlightened self-interest}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~that Chernyshevsky proposes as the foundation of Utopian society. The idea of cultural and legislative systems relying on this\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rational_egoism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rational egoism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is what the protagonist despises. The Underground Man embraces this ideal in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Praxis_(process)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 praxis}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and seems to blame it for his current state of unhappiness.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Notes_from_Underground#cite_note-:0-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~I am forty years old now, and you know forty years is a whole lifetime; you know it is extreme old age. To live longer than forty years is bad manners, is vulgar, immoral. Who does live beyond forty? Answer that, sincerely and honestly I will tell you who do: fools and worthless fellows. I tell all old men that to their face, all these venerable old men, all these silver-haired and reverend seniors! I tell the whole world that to its face! I have a right to say so, for I shall go on living to sixty myself. To seventy! To eighty! ... Stay, let me take breath ... }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My room is a wretched, horrid one in the outskirts of the town. My servant is an old country-woman, ill-natured from stupidity, and, moreover, there is always a nasty smell about her. I am told that the Petersburg climate is bad for me, and that with my small means it is very expensive to live in Petersburg. I know all that better than all these sage and experienced counsellors and monitors.... But I am remaining in Petersburg; I am not going away from Petersburg! I am not going away because ... ech! Why, it is absolutely no matter whether I am going away or not going away. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 conscious that that day I had committed a loathsome action again, that what was done could never be undone, and secretly, inwardly gnawing, gnawing at myself for it, tearing and consuming myself till at last the bitterness turned into a sort of shameful accursed sweetness, and at last\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 into positive real enjoyment! Yes, into enjoyment, into enjoyment! I insist upon that. I have spoken of this because I keep wanting to know for a fact whether other people feel such enjoyment? I will explain; the enjoyment was just from the too intense consciousness of one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own degradation; it was from feeling oneself that one had reached the last barrier, that it was horrible, but that it could not be otherwise; that there was no escape for you; that you never could become a different man; that even if time and faith were still left you to change into something different you would most likely not wish to change; or if you did wish to, even then you would do nothing; because perhaps in reality there was nothing for you to change into. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With people who know how to revenge themselves and to stand up for themselves in general, how is it done? Why, when they are possessed, let us suppose, by the feeling of revenge, then for the time there is nothing else but that feeling left in their whole being. Such a gentleman simply dashes straight for his object like an infuriated bull with its horns down, and nothing but a wall will stop him. Well, such a direct person I regard as the real normal man, as his tender mother nature wished to see him when she graciously brought him into being on the earth. I envy such a man till I am green in the face. He is stupid. I am not disputing that, but perhaps the normal man should be stupid, how do you know? Perhaps it is very beautiful, in fact. And I am the more persuaded of that suspicion, if one can call it so, by the fact that if you take, for instance, the antithesis of the normal man, that is, the man of acute consciousness, who has come, of course, not out of the lap of nature but out of a retort (this is almost mysticism, gentlemen, but I suspect this, too), this retort-made man is sometimes so nonplussed in the presence of his antithesis that with all his exaggerated consciousness he genuinely thinks of himself as a mouse and not a man.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The base and nasty desire to vent that spite on its assailant rankles perhaps even more nastily in it than in\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 l\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92homme de la nature et de la v\u233\'E9rit\u233\'E9}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . For through his innate stupidity the latter looks upon his revenge as justice pure and simple; while in consequence of his acute consciousness the mouse does not believe in the justice of it.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 here in its nasty, stinking, underground home our insulted, crushed and ridiculed mouse promptly becomes absorbed in cold, malignant and, above all, everlasting spite. For forty years together it will remember its injury down to the smallest, most ignominious details, and every time will add, of itself, details still more ignominious, spitefully teasing and tormenting itself with its own imagination. It will itself be ashamed of its imaginings, but yet it will recall it all, it will go over and over every detail, it will invent unheard of things against itself, pretending that those things might happen, and will forgive nothing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~in that hell of unsatisfied desires turned inward, in that fever of oscillations, of resolutions determined for ever and repented of again a minute later\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that the savour of that strange enjoyment of which I have spoken lies. It is so subtle, so difficult of analysis, that persons who are a little limited, or even simply persons of strong nerves, will not understand a single atom of it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Possibly,\u8221\'94 you will add on your own account with a grin, \u8220\'93people will not understand it either who have never received a slap in the face,\u8221\'94 and in that way you will politely hint to me that I, too, perhaps, have had the experience of a slap in the face in my life, and so I speak as one who knows. I bet that you are thinking that. But set your minds at rest, gentlemen, I have not received a slap in the face, though it is absolutely a matter of indifference to me what you may think about it. Possibly, I even regret, myself, that I have given so few slaps in the face during my life. But enough ... not another word on that subject of such extreme interest to you. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His moans become nasty, disgustingly malignant, and go on for whole days and nights. And of course he knows himself that he is doing himself no sort of good with his moans; he knows better than anyone that he is only lacerating and harassing himself and others for nothing; he knows that even the audience before whom he is making his efforts, and his whole family, listen to him with loathing, do not put a ha\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92porth of faith in him, and inwardly understand that he might moan differently, more simply, without trills and flourishes, and that he is only amusing himself like that from ill-humour, from malignancy. Well, in all these recognitions and disgraces it is that there lies a voluptuous pleasure. As though he would say: \u8220\'93I am worrying you, I am lacerating your hearts, I am keeping everyone in the house awake. Well, stay awake then, you, too, feel every minute that I have toothache. I am not a hero to you now, as I tried to seem before, but simply a nasty person, an impostor. Well, so be it, then! I am very glad that you see through me. It is nasty for you to hear my despicable moans: well, let it be nasty; here I will let you have a nastier flourish in a minute....\u8221\'94 You do not understand even now, gentlemen? No, it seems our development and our consciousness must go further to understand all the intricacies of this pleasure. You laugh? Delighted. My jests, gentlemen, are of course in bad taste, jerky, involved, lacking self-confidence. But of course that is because I do not respect myself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can a man of perception respect himself at all? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 well, for instance, to take offence simply on purpose, for nothing; and one knows oneself, of course, that one is offended at nothing; that one is putting it on, but yet one brings oneself at last to the point of being really offended. All my life I have had an impulse to play such pranks, so that in the end I could not control it in myself.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mawkish}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People need a narrative or else they cannot survive. Post-modernism provides a narrative of power. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Schopenhauer - for whence did dante take the materials of his hell but from our actual world. And he made a very proper hell out of it. But when, on the other hand, when he came to describe heaven and its delights, he had an insurmountable difficulty before him, for our world provides no materials at all for t his.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}