{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78724"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 Six months in America, vol. 1 (of 2) by Godfrey T. Vigne | Project Gutenberg}}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~unbewifed and unbevehicled, as\~[6]a man ought to travel, and with the determination of being, as far as an Englishman can be, unprejudiced; and of seeing all I could of the United States in the space of about six months.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 It is the extraordinary energy and urgency of commerce that will chiefly attract his attention. The wharfs on the North river are flanked by superb steam-boats, daily and hourly employed in the conveyance of thousands; those on the East river, by double and triple lines of the most beautiful merchantmen; while the three streets which run successively parallel to them might be taken for one enormous warehouse, the pavement being\~[12]nearly blocked up with merchandise from every country, and exhibiting a rattling and somewhat dangerous confusion of carts and cranes, that is quite beyond a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93private gentleman\u8217\'92s belief,\u8221\'94 till he has seen it. Although the actual numerical tonnage of the trade of New York is four times less than that of Liverpool, yet the appearance of bustle and business is far more striking at New York: the reason is, that there is so much more retail trade carried on in the latter city than in Liverpool, or any other city in the world. Innumerable boats descend the North river, laden with timber, or live and dead stock, and provisions for the markets of New York, and carry back a petty and varied cargo of wearing apparel and other necessaries that are wanted in the interior.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 or forging, defacing, corrupting, or embezzling any charters, gifts, grants, bonds, bills, wills, conveyances, or contracts; or defacing, or falsifying any enrolment, registry, or record; or forging any entry of the acknowledgment, certificate, or endorsement, whereby the freehold or inheritance of any person or persons may be charged; or of counterfeiting the hand or seal of another with intent to defraud; or the privy or great seal of\~[37]the state of Pennsylvania, is punished with solitary confinement for a period of not less than one, nor more than seven years; and for the second offence, for a period not exceeding ten years. It is expected that few offenders will run the risk of solitary confinement for a second time.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 If any punishment can be said to be dignified, that of solitary confinement has a claim to that epithet. Justice to society is nobly done, not only in the removal of the prisoner in the first instance, but, secondly, by enabling him to return, as it were, to the world, a wiser and a better man. The end of solitary confinement is the reformation of the criminal, by obliging him to think who never thought before. If reflection can be awakened, and conscience can obtain a hearing, its advantages will be readily acknowledged. The prisoner is forced to commune with his own soul: the all-powerful voice of ridicule is absent and unheard; remorse is not stifled, and penitence is not put to flight, by the sneers of a dissolute companion: with no one to admire, and applaud his resolution to be \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93game\u8221\'94\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 to submit, is the only alternative.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 In England the system could not, generally, I think, succeed. The effect of solitary confinement might be the same on the moral character of the prisoner, but unless something like a permanent means of getting a livelihood be secured to him, after his removal from the prison, the principal and best object of the punishment would not be obtained. This would be extremely difficult in a country of small extent, with a superabundant population, and a supply of labour far exceeding the demand. The regenerated offender might, perhaps, contrive to avoid observation; but if necessity compelled him to labour for his subsistence, it is probable that he would not find employment; and the necessary consequence would be, that all his good resolutions would vanish at the approach of want.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}