{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not have to look long for an unnatural hole which might lead down to Shis, as there was one in the cluttered study that lay adjacent to the throne room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The king\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s study.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Greskal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s study.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man must have found some dark and ancient grimoire that lured him to seek succor in Shis. Or so Mandri supposed. Finding that book would be difficult, as it seemed every book in the room had its spine cut and its innards loosed, and all these sheets of paper were scattered about like moon moths. Some were stuck to the walls. Some alighted on the large upturned table that lay canted on the far side of the room, legs sticking up like a rigor mortised cow. Some paper fluttered on the rim of a shield-sized hole in the center of the floor. A green carpet hung down into that hole\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the depths, a carpet ripped to rags by a track of claw marks. Ascending claw marks, judging from the direction of the rip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto dropped his torch down into this hole, revealing a red rock floor some few meters away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This should be fun,\u8221\'94 said Obo. Mandri agreed. He felt invincible with Obo staring over his shoulder, though he was a tad worried that if a snarling demon dripped down out of the black, that Obo\u8217\'92s purging flame might singe his cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri paused to take a quick sip of his God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon, for the God\u8217\'92s Eye sight had faded. Obo had preternatural senses, and he wanted them too, especially now that he\u8217\'92d be taking the lead. When he\u8217\'92d stowed that burgeon away nice and safe inside his robe, he jumped down into that hole and picked up Moto\u8217\'92s torch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first there was it was a single tunnel, and its walls were fixed in brick and reinforced with wooden beams, but these constructions soon gave way to a meandering maze of natural stone which felt as old as the world itself. Mandri lead, torch in hand, and Moteah then Moto followed close behind. The air was alive the sounds of footfalls and heavy breathing, some of it seeming to come from outside the bounds of the torchlight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no doubt the wheezing of giddy demons waiting for a chance to strike. After some tracking and backtracking through this maze, Mandri turned a tight corner and came upon a doorless stone arch of ordinary size. This arch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s posts were perfectly plumb and square, and unfamiliar symbols were etched into them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hesitated before it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cold feet?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked behind him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 were}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  cold, but that had nothing to do with it. He waved his torch over the graven letters in the rock and asked of anyone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you read this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Schisol\u8217\'92s creed,\u8221\'94 Obo said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every good Jandri child knows the words to Schisol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s creed. It is a creed which has floated through the Old Jandri world since forever. Solitants address it in mocking tones to rob the words of their power. In Hrkan law, whenever the creed is written in text, each line must be accompanied by a marginal note that explains the utter foolishness of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do not seek, for if you are pure, you will find the truth.\tab (Premise assumes conclusion)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do not obey, for if you have the truth, you will be in the right. \tab (Ambiguous terms.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do not teach, for if you are in the right, you will be followed.\tab (Demonstrably wrong.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do not live, for if you are followed, you will be together.\tab (Pseudoprofundity)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That final, ominous line has spurred many a suicide pact, despite demystification. Such events are the work of demons, Solitants say. Demons put it in peoples heads that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be less lonely in Shis they bring other people down with them. It explains murder-suicides too. It\u8217\'92s all the influence of demons. And here Mandri was, heading down to Shis, being followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should keep moving,\u8221\'94 Moteah said as she nudged Obo\u8217\'92s litter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could not take his sight from the threshold. The graven letters in the rock almost looked like stab wounds instead of symbols. He dared to reach out and touch them, and he found the grooves to be free of dust. All of it was remarkably clean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reassuring voice popped into his ear. \u8220\'93Whatever\u8217\'92s down here, I\u8217\'92ll handle it.\u8221\'94 He then gave Mandri an encouraging pat on the shoulder, and confidence returned to Mandri\u8217\'92s legs. He stepped through the gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What followed was a careful stumble down an uneven descent. Whoever had constructed that stone arch made little effort to tame its passage, for the steeper drops were studded with a few thick blocks of wood masquerading as stairs, and that was barely enough. This path eventually emptied out into a hole of endless black, with only a narrow foot-wide ledge around its rim to serve as a passage across. As Mandri had only one hand, he gave his torch to Obo to hold. And again his confidence fled from him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Obo might be able to save him from demons, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t chase away a deep abyss. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d shimmied halfway across, he slipped on loose shard of rock that went tumbling into the void. He was able to regain his balance fairly easily, but he didn\u8217\'92t regain his wits until the falling stone banged against the bottom of the abyss, sending a stupefying far-flung BOOM echoing up from below. Mandri hid his terror with a laugh. When he made it across, Obo suggested that perhaps, someone else should carry him. Neither Moto nor Moteah said anything, and so they journeyed on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock passages grew tighter, as if to swallow them up. In places, the walls were so narrow that Mandri had to undo his pack and thrutch through them sideways. Obo swiveled behind like a stubborn dog. Next came a tight zigzag of ceilingless fissures staccatoed by slumps of fallen rock. Past these they crawled through a jagged tube in the rock that swerved as it slid downhill, and this left Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand cold and clammy. He started to forget his fear of demons because he was more concerned with the rock itself. The torch-light\u8217\'92s narration of these passages was unreliable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hidden edges ripped at his woolen robe, shadows that looked like shallow divots gave way to potholes that twisted his ankle. But the longer it went on the less and less he cared about these scrapes and bruises, because the ways were much more up-and-down than anything in the desert, or even the Goree Pass, and an unremitting burn set into his thighs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They rested for a while underneath a hang of rock. Moto set up a house of twigs, set them alight, and when these twigs burned to ash they moved on again. They walked for another long while, became sore again, rested again, and at this point no one could agree on whether it was night or day above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye sight came to Mandri on the third march. First came that familiar flash of white. His vision was flooded with a cosmic swirl of shimmering brightness, and when he Mandri shucked his mind free of this blinding vision, he could see everyone\u8217\'92s Sparks stirring in their stomachs. Obo\u8217\'92s gold Spark outshone them all, but bright as he was, bright as they all were, they illuminated nothing. The dark dominion was oppressive, nothing like the Sand above, where even the rocks were coated with fibrous purpose. Down here the rocks were dead, and the only threads of purpose he could see were those which connected their Sparks, as well as those few threads which stretched out of their Sparks and into tunnel ahead, drawing out the paths which they would walk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri followed his own thread of purpose and traced its movement with his stomach-dwelling Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was strange, seeing the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Following it was even stranger\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 did he follow it because he could see it and wanted to know where it went? Or did he follow it because it drew him along like some sort of puppet. The others were puppeted along, no doubt, as they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see what he saw. They couldn\u8217\'92t see the threads, and so they couldn\u8217\'92t see the choice, much less make one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then they came to a fork in the tunnel. All threads of purpose chose to wander right. Moto and Moteah argued about which way to go. Mandri stayed silent. Obo claimed he could hear faint echoes coming from the right, and so they chose to head right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Mandri knew that their turning right was not a choice. The noise that Obo heard had a cause, and that cause was also caused, and so causes carry on in an infinite regress which could only end in the hand of Solraheen weaving a desired future. Mandri truly believed that this thread he followed was put there by Solraheen, and it was this great faith that compelled him to see it through.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Soon, the way spilled out into a short, brickworked hall, and his shoes slapped onto flat stone tile. This hall then opened up into a cavern whose size was difficult to estimate. It was large enough to hide the echoes of their shuffling feet, so it must have been larger than Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throne room. And the entirety of this cavern floor was paved in tiles, an endless sea of them, and every twenty steps or so, the floor\u8217\'92s simple square pattern was broken up by a larger square engraved with an inverted sun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This black sun was unfamiliar design, like a flower with its petals closed and all points pointing inwards. In some sense, it was the opposite of the eightfold Jandri sun. Mandri took it to be a sign of Schisol, and he did not stop to study any of them. He hunched along as if sneaking. He almost laughed at the sight of Moto and and Moteah skulking along behind, because if any demons wanted to know what had disturbed their slumber, all they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to do was open their eyes and see a flock of fools spotlighted by their own torches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But there were no demons. In all the blackness around them, there were no demons or demon Sparks. And there weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any threads of purpose spelling out their doom. There was only that faint swirl of guiding purpose floating in front of them and disappearing into the dark. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They walked through this cavern for half a hand, not speaking a word, until they arrived at the cavern\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s end. The purpose ended here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they could go no further. The stone wall in front of them ran straight up into the dark, featureless save for a monstrous stone double-door that would require a team of oxen to open. These doors seemed sized to the height and shoulders of gods, and every inch of them were carved with figures, demonic figures mostly, snarling demons doing unmentionable things to men and women unfleshed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Set atop these doors was a stone head, bald like Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and twice as unnerving because it seemed to be licking its lips at sight of Mandri\u8217\'92s Spark. This head was set into the lintel, which was itself carved to look like spreading shoulders. The rest of the door frame was sculpted to look like arms, and these long and spindly limbs stretched down to the floor where the hands cupped the door\u8217\'92s bottom hinges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah eyed the doors with wrinkled scorn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do we do now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was dismayed to see his thread of purpose knot up at base of the door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I think I just stand here and\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Knock?\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reached out to knock, but there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a clean spot for it. The door\u8217\'92s panel was too full of sculpted, snarling demons. In the end he made no decision, as a thread of purpose alighted out of nothing to guide his knuckles toward the forehead of an anguished man who was being yanked along by hooks set into his skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sound of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knock was soft and barely there, two quick raps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took a step back, and waited.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He did not wait long, for out of the air around him there arose a voice, a woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, a voice as old and aggrieved as Elrahet\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come in\u8221\'94, it said, and it was followed by the sound of sound of stone grinding against stone as the great doors of Shis swiveled in their hinges. They swiveled inward, and the doors two halves split to reveal a split of black. Tucked inside this darkness was a golden Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Spark floated forth and the torchlight revealed its figure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an old woman, tall and graceful, robed in a single black satin sheet that draped down to the floor but did not touch. Mandri recognized her long nose and imperious glare instantly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was Pell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the demon-witch who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d killed is ox. The witch who\u8217\'92d set this all into motion, if causes could begin with her. Foul causes surely did. Not Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand, but Schisol\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto and Moteah drew their swords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell drew a thin lipped smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please,\u8221\'94 she said to them, \u8220\'93Where are your manners?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put your swords away,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They do. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She sways and moves and effortless glide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And thank }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she said as she cast an adoring eye upon Mandri. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know how long I\u8217\'92ve been trying to end Elrahet, and you\u8217\'92ve managed it accidentally.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not dare to speak but his muscles the scene and if he were to speak the tension break.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tongue tied? Do I frighten you? Speak, Mandrameen. This is your moment.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was the one to seize it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazid, Kill her!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo climbed out of his litter and he sat on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder like an overgrown cat. He rested his elbow on Mandri\u8217\'92s head and said to Pell, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard stories about you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This ironic . A creature spends its short life searching for freedom, and it only had to enslave a Spark to find it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As may be,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93But they say that you are my enemy, that you are a great evil, and that I should kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell stood there silent. She was either unwilling or unable to answer the question. Whichever it was, was hidden behind her stony glare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you nothing to say in your defense?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell curled her lip. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing I say will change what you will do. You will all do what you will do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is a\u8230\'85curious turn of phrase. But, help me understand, was it you who corrupted the old king Greskal and brought forth the Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93None but the Amalgamete can bring forth the Amalgamete.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was sweating rain despite the cavern\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chill. He shouted, \u8220\'93Why are you talking to her? Kill her!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell rolled her eyes at the outburst. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t fret, child, I am not the one who condemned you. That was Solraheen, your benevolent, loving, murderous god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s Schisol\u8217\'92s shadow\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 kill her!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Schisol\u8217\'92s shadow, yes, and proud of it! Know that Solraheen is false and he does not love you. Know that Solraheen never called down that rock of Fabled Black to kill Himself and save the world. Know that this was done by Schisol, know that He sacrificed himself for }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  sakes, that Solraheen could no longer torture your Sparks.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have any proof of your claims?\u8221\'94 Obo asked. \u8220\'93Or do witchy women only truck with stories?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The proof is the peace that is soon to come. A peace which you will find it in the belly of the Amalgamete.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve killed your Amalgamete.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell deflected this triumph away with a twitch of her sharp chin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another will come. In fact, he stands now on my doorstep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her eyes settled on Mandri and an excited smile played on her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri?\u8221\'94 Obo asked, confused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me?\u8221\'94 Mandri echoed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You,\u8221\'94 Pell said staunchly. \u8220\'93Why else would you be here before me now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dignity and vanity welled up his chest, for in no possible world would he assent to eating flesh or looking as foul as that putrid king. He raised his voice and declared, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here because you killed my ox. I\u8217\'92m here because you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please,\u8221\'94 Pell moaned. \u8220\'93Do not bother me with trifles. Know that your grievances are Mandrameen\u8217\'92s, and that Mandrameen is an illusion. Mandrameen was born and he will die, but your }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  being knows neither beginning nor end. If you come with me into Shis, I can show you what I mean. You can bring your friends along.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was then that Mandri noticed a new thread of purpose manifested itself into being. It was drawn from his Spark and it led through Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip and disappeared behind her, through the doors of Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri took a step back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he said firmly. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going anywhere with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why else would you be here?\u8221\'94 she asked, and she eased into a beatific smile. \u8220\'93Mandrameen, the portrait painter. You\u8217\'92ve painted a thousand faces, but never your own. You may have painted a self-portrait, but know that a true self-portrait is impossible. A mirror hardly helps\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you can never capture that look of looking away. And worse, your eyes always see straight into themselves. You are always alert. You are always alive. You are always there. But you have never seen yourself sleeping. You will never see what you look like when you\u8217\'92re dead. Everyone else\u8217\'92s eyes close and will close forever, but you\u8217\'92re own\u8230\'85who\u8217\'92s to say it\u8217\'92s not the world that disappears every time you blink?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s mad,\u8221\'94 Moteah mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri agreed, but more off-putting than this witch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rambling was the realization that he hadn\u8217\'92t blinked since the doors of Shis had opened. Maybe it had been longer, maybe not since the God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon took hold hold of him. And more than this, Pell had locked her gaze with his, and for a shuttered instant, her true eyes flashed, glowing gold, declaring mystic tidings which Mandri could not comprehend but he could feel\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 bright, and warm, and thankful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then she blinked and her eyes went dark again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you sleep, Mandrameen? Do you sleep? What happens to Mandrameen when you sleep? Where does he go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92ve never thought about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re honest. That\u8217\'92s more than I can say for those who seek an end to their suffering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill her already!\u8221\'94 Moto pleaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell seemed pleased to hear Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice crack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at your friends,\u8221\'94 she said as she flicked her beady eyes over the strong-backed Zosan. \u8220\'93See how frightened they are of dying. Why? All they\u8217\'92ll lose are their illusions. When you merge their Sparks with yours, they shall know peace.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you forgetting about me?\u8221\'94 Obo said as he readjusted himself atop Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulder. He was peeved to not be the center of attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell ignored him. She stepped aside to clear a path towards the open doors behind her, and she held out an entreating arm, and with the other, she seemed to pet the thread of purpose which led into the void. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come Mandri. Do not worry about the darkness. Your eyes will adjust.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood dumbstruck at the sight of that thread of purpose leading him astray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He felt his Spark tug at his gut, urging him forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could feel it burn, and he winced in pain as seared his stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lining. And as quickly as he could manage, he pulled Elrahet\u8217\'92s golden knife from out of his robe, and he slashed that bright white cord in two. The thread of purpose burst into a sprinkle of white-hot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smirk shattered into a wrinkling frown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto and Moteah traded looks, unaware of what just happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo face, for the first time, scrunched up in confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell gazed upon them all, and her disgusted frown curdled into a withering scowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gentle Sparks,\u8221\'94 she said aloud, throwing her voice out into the cavern, \u8220\'93Would you grace us with your presence?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her request fell into the black, and a moment later the black began stir. Mandri tried to rub the insanity out of his eyes, but yes, the black }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 itself }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 began to stir, and as it weaved and wound like liquid smoke it squelched out growls and shrieks. Bright points of light emerged within it like swallowed stars, and these stars mounded up and grew brighter into full grown Sparks. Then came the pinching laughter of demons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not just two, or three, or twenty demons, for that sky of Sparks was joined by a horde of torch reflecting eyes. Thousands of blinking eyes in a thousand different configurations, all hovering there in the dark\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 eyes set wide, bovine eyes, mousey eyes, saucer eyes of squid, eight-fold sets of spider eyes swaying overhead. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first demon to reveal itself was a naked knuckle-walking monkey, vaguely human, with a mouthless face that was scrunched up towards the middle, as if its lips were stuffed up into its nose. Then another set of glowing eyes stepped forth into the light, revealing itself to be a goat headed demon with black Zosan skin and a chiseled physique, and it stood on ungulate legs complete with cloven hooves. This demon was joined by a circle of new grotesqueries, each leaping out, it seemed, from Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s childhood dreams. Every manner of mashed-up anatomy between man, insect, and beast, and this circle of dread surrounded him and his companions, a circle broken only by Pell and the doors of Shis behind her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see,\u8221\'94 Pell said, \u8220\'93If you have come to offer yourselves to the slaughter, then I accept.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was stuck in shock at the sight of so great an evil\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rank upon rank of evil. Enough evil here to bring about the end of days.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 said Obo, unconcerned. \u8220\'93These demons here, they want to kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing so crude,\u8221\'94 Pell replied. \u8220\'93They put your Spark back in its rightful place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of the demons nearest Mandri, a tusked woman with the body of a boar snarled and hissed, spraying Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg with its stinking spittle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is hungry,\u8221\'94 Pell said, amused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid that this is all unacceptable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His nonchalant ___ jolted Pell into amazement. Her thin lips grew tight, her brows jumped, and then she burst into a tremendous fit of laughter, a cackle which was taken up by her demon horde and escalated into a roar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, my, my!\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Not acceptable?! My dear creature, we have collected an uncountable number of Sparks throughout the ages. Yours will be no different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of that uncountable number, how many belonged to Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have collected the Sparks of gods. I assure you, yours will be no different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it seems a peaceable conclusion is not possible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It never was,\u8221\'94 Pell confirmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very well,\u8221\'94 said Obo, and he opened his mouth. His throat ran gold and fire poured out in a beam as bright as the sun, smashing through the air where Pell had been. The old witch had expected this turn, and she flew away in a blur before the heat could singe her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blazing fire smashed into the left door of Shis\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 such was its power that pushed through the stone as easily it would push through a slab of skin. Such was the dazzling brilliance of this roaring flame that it surprised even Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice screamed out from the void, \u8220\'93FEAST!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In response, the sea of demons began to chatter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Teeth chatter, giggle chatter, yapping-sucking-squealing chatter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horror, he saw threads of guiding purpose spool out of these demon\u8217\'92s Sparks and latch onto his own. All told, it was net of purpose so thick it might as well have been a blanket. Then black, goat-headed demon took a step forward. Next to move was a fish-headed bear giant. They both loomed large in distance, and as they sniffed the air Moteah screamed, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve doomed us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Relax,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93We can all survive this. If you keep low and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His instructions were cut short by the hunting shriek of a demon swooping down from overhead. This bat-winged beast was the size of a child, with a child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flat face and enormous funnel ears that wrapped around its goofy head to frame its pea-sized eyes. It reached down with its feet and splayed its curved claws wide, then suddenly, the creature\u8217\'92s head was wooshed away by a roaring burst of Mazidfire. The flame so hot that it heated the demon\u8217\'92s chest into incandescence. The whole headless body burst into flames and it hurtled overhead like a meteor before crashing into the crowd of demons behind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With the first blow struck, all Shis broke loose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demons came running, hopping, sliding, striding, galloping towards Mandri and the others. Scales sparkled and muscles bulged, whiskered snouts snapped and fanged maws hissed, pointed beaks screamed for oblivion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden fire screamed back. He swung his coruscating fire in two great sweeping arcs, and he cut down a circle around Mandri, Moto, and Moteah , obliterating the first rank of evil, cutting the confidence out of that goat-headed demon at the waist. Those that scurried underneath Obo\u8217\'92s sweeping flame\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the dog, hog, and lizard demons, the beetle demons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these Obo dispatched with incredible precision and blinding speed as more than twenty beams of fire flared out of his mouth in space of a breath, vaporizing the head of each demented creature on contact. When the Mazidfire was gone, the smoking bodies burst into flame, leaving a ring of sizzling flesh to serve as stumbling blocks to the rest of the onrushing horde. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto and Moteah gathered close to Mandri, close to Obo, who danced atop Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. His fire spiraled round and round, and at each each turn his flame traveled further out, mowing down larger and larger swathes of demons, and as his golden beam purified the dark it left in its wake a smattering of little explosions as those who fell combusted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the demons were undeterred by the slaughter. On they came, and it was not bravery, it was single-minded purpose driving them to consume all Sparks. On and on they came. Thousands. Blasts them out of the sky, beam beam beam. More were flooding in from unseen holes in the faraway ceiling. Their rippling backs glinted against the flash of Mazidfire, revealing a writhing mass of demons, a swarm pouring forth to protect their nest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Each of them were tethered by shimmering threads to the Sparks huddled on the floor. Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fire spiraled through this stringy assemblage of purpose, and one by one these threads burst into mist as their sources were snuffed out. And this amongst the roar of fire and demons, Mandri was pricked by the thought that Obo must be a god, for he had the power to extinguish threads of inevitable purpose. Obo stood supreme on Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulder, and Mandri not contain himself as he whooped his excitement. Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 disgraceful, graceful, pitiful, glorious Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was turning away the army of Shis all by himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes welled up with tears, as being so close to such awesome power was overwhelming. He also cried from the pain when Obo pulled sharply on his hair to keep from falling. But mostly the tears were honest sentiment, awe and fascination. Obo\u8217\'92s pale skin glowed hot as the golden fire poured out of him, and for Mandri, that heat warm like the sun. He basked in its radiance. He craned his neck to view his savior\u8217\'92s face, and he marveled at the quickness of Obo\u8217\'92s eyes, darting from evil to evil, scouring them with his light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then something in his neck snapped, and his silver eyes rolled back in their sockets as a worrisome bulge extruded out the side of his white-hot neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then it burst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri screamed in horror as a gout of golden fire fountained out of that hole in Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat. Its heat was terrifying, and the force of its surge split the rest of Obo\u8217\'92s neck right open. Then came a final, sputtering flash of gold, and Obo\u8217\'92s head peeled back onto his shoulders}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers lost their grip on Mandri\u8217\'92s hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He fell off his perch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri twisted round and caught the falling Mazid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened!?\u8221\'94 Moteah cried as she scanned the black sky above for some sign of assault, but there were only streamers of flame as dead fell to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it dead?\u8221\'94 Moto asked as he propped Obo\u8217\'92s head up, hoping the front of the Mazid\u8217\'92s neck might reattach. But Obo\u8217\'92s eyes did not list from their split-eyed gaze, and his body was fully limp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Instinct prodded Mandri to look for demons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Obo had cleared a wide, flaming circle around them, a lake of combusted corpses, but Obo had not killed them all. A thousand threads of murderous purpose stretched through the flames and latched on to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden Spark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wrenched up in rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93NO!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He grabbed hold of his golden knife, and he slashed at those strangling threads as he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen Elrahet do. His wild flailing nearly slashed Moto\u8217\'92s hand, but he didn\u8217\'92t care, he slashed out again, and again, and again, and with each slicing stroke, bundles of these puppetry strings fell away, but grew right back, rejoining themselves to Obo\u8217\'92s Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They come!\u8221\'94 Moteah wailed, and her frightened cry was chased by a bout of cackling laughter as Pell watched the despair from the dark above. She swooped down, and her black robe billowed like smoke. she landed on the back of a dead demon, a bloated toad-man whose long tongue rolled out on the floor. Her alighting was weightless, and the sight of her beaming smile filled Mandri with rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was unmoored by purpose. It was her, her golden Spark, and that was it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no demon purpose troubled her, no god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose either. In her hand was her own golden blade, and somehow she was free from the puppetry of purpose. But Mandri did not need a bright white thread to read her future, for she licked her long teeth at the sight of Obo\u8217\'92s Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That would not do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took his knife and ripped a gash right down Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest, all the way down to the belly. He reached in and pulled at the ribs, which seemed to unbuckle from the gleaming white sternum, and he opened it like the wing of a cage. When Mandri saw his own severed hand laying there in the goop, he burst into tears, for it was the only part of him that had done anyone any good, and there it lay, unused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And there below it was Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spherical, purple stomach. Inside was Obo\u8217\'92s golden Spark. Mandri did not know what to do with it. He only knew he didn\u8217\'92t want Pell to have it. More than anything he\u8217\'92d ever wanted, he wanted to stop that old witch from swallowing this blessed Spark. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But how to stop her?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A golden knife was not enough to intrude on the cosmic war that has been ra}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reached down with his blade and nicked the stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wet curve. He then set his lips upon the hole and slurped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The liquid Spark flooded into his mouth and it washed his with divine ___.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He swallowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto and Moteah watched him with eyes agog, almost forgetting the onrushing demon horde. The Spark slimed down his throat, it dropped into his stomach, and when it merged with Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own he melted into bliss, bliss, joy, love and ecstasy enfolding sorrow and grief. And here, in this he was struck by. Self versus indominiable self. Illusions into reality. Reality into illusion. Becoming unbecoming, reversals interchangeable, movements reverberating through all of the present and the future.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he came to, and saw the demons moving through the, he shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93STOP!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He reached with his blade, and with a flick of his wrist, the net of murderous purpose around him snapped and turned to mist. He did the same for his two companions, and a heartbeat later, and the onrushing demon horde came at once to a stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Feels Moto and Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put down the blade, boy, you know not what you wield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She let her aggravation ___.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will hunt you for a thousand years, as I have hunted her. I will kill you as I have killed her! I will grind you down as I will grind the world!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve heard Elrahet\u8217\'92s story. I\u8217\'92ve heard her name Solraheen a proud father. He willingly died to free His creation from all influence. But He is dead, and His purpose drives you still. Why? Why!? He is dead, and yet he is still here. Only by Schisol\u8217\'92s grace, am I free of this falseness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, I am free of yours.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, that is Elrahet\u8217\'92s doing. She was as obsessed with purpose. Her purpose, no one else\u8217\'92s. But no matter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You weak and pitiful. Dent in the . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Defend yourself. No one else can. Mandrameen is your lie, not theirs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 S wims through the visible arcs of Moto and Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blades.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sipped her spark.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Neither am I.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is not Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose. He is dead. This is your purpose, made by you and you alone.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gods are dead. Natural purpose rises.}}