{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram, stricken with grief, knelt next to Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body. He shrouded her flattened skull with her own cast-off cowl. \u8220\'93You will not be forgotten,\u8221\'94 he said to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body was the foundation of a tableau }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mourant}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  which featured twenty something dead and dismembered Hrks, their body parts broadcast amongst an uncountable number of dead demons. Then there was that mountain of corpses which had spilled out of the Burshageet. All those people had suffered, too. They should not be forgotten. The two Hrks that Mandri had accidentally killed shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be forgotten. They were crumpled up and still smoking. A seed of guilt implanted itself in him at the sight of their upturned faces. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This guilt. It had been so long since he felt such a deep and awful guilt that he found himself wanting feel it as much as it could be felt. Why shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t he? He\u8217\'92d spent his short life curled up inside himself, fearing what he was made to do: know, connect, and remember. All these dead deserved remembering. Not just }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 these}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  dead; everyone who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever lived deserved remembering. And what had he done about it? Even the demons deserved remembering. They had once been people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate should not be forgotten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hrkwhite cloak, wrapped around his bare belly, could not keep the blood from spilling out. The man\u8217\'92s pallid skin, beaded with sweat, lent his gaunt expression a solemn horror as his eyes lost their focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate prayed for help. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like what was happening to him. Mandri agreed. Mandri only wished Slate would be more direct. He should raise his voice and shout, \u8220\'93You, my god, have made a mistake in killing me!\u8221\'94 It might be heretical, but why shouldn\u8217\'92t that poor man demand that he be set right? The world looked more interesting with his bravery in it. Yes, dear Solraheen, please reconsider that grievous wound. And with the petition was sent, Mandri\u8217\'92s guilt demanded that it be heard. Solraheen must still be alive, because if there was no eternal audience to witness this suffering, then what was the point? Without an audience to preserve it, there could be no gain, just the suffering. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That thought was too much.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There had to be someone watching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was watching, for the first time in his life he was truly paying attention, but he knew he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those Hrks still living didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care. They busied themselves by cutting keepsakes off of dead demons. The Burshageet\u8217\'92s head was too ordinary to be much use in a parade, so the ultimate prize was the corpse of the red keenkedrin beast. Three Vessels were huddled around its upper half, trying and failing to saw through its neck. Mandri thought he heard one of them crying, but no, that was Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was picking through the massive pile of bodies that had been swimming inside the Burshageet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. Tears streamed down his face as he pulled a large demon fetus out of the pile to see what was buried behind it. The action sent a slide of corroded bodies down to cover the spot. Frustrated, sickened, and overwhelmed with despair, he collapsed to his knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is not dead!\u8221\'94 Mandri called.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sobbing shoulders stilled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah is still alive!\u8221\'94 Mandri called again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders perked in confusion, then excitement. This mood was reflected in the light of his dancing Spark, which turned from faintly pulsing to beating white. The Zosan stood up, and as he did, a glowing white line danced out him, routing his certain future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whether that line was Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fate, or purpose, or his raw will, Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t say, but it ran straight for the spot where Mandri stood. It lingered there, then suddenly sped past him to pay respects to Elrahet. Then it dove into the orchard of golden organs and past that golden tree. It ran through the dark for a spell before disappearing into a narrow passage in the distant wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was the furthest into the future that Mandri had ever seen. And a true future it was, for when Moto moved, he was drawn perfectly along its center.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know she\u8217\'92s alive?\u8221\'94 Moto said, sounding desperate. \u8220\'93She must have been swallowed. She was taken! \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can feel her hand gripping my stomach,\u8221\'94 Mandri replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram drew away from the dead witch. He joined up with Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worldline in front of Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did she caused your fire?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d thought that was you who did it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  me,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Nonetheless, I can feel her fingers move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at his belly and was delighted to see a bright, bright Spark glowing there. But there was some Black yet in him. He wondered what he would need to do to get it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am supposed to kill you,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, and though he was calm, his deep voice had way of instilling fear. He shook his spear to flick bits of beetle parts off its blood slicked haft. \u8220\'93But I am not sure I should. Things have happened which were not meant to happen. Elrahet is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto pulled on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sleeve to gain his attention. \u8220\'93Do you know where my sister is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should kill him,\u8221\'94 Ayram growled. \u8220\'93There is too much unchecked power in his body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care!\u8221\'94 Moto shouted. \u8220\'93Mandri, can you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 sense}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  her somewhere?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sense her, but even if he could, it didn\u8217\'92t matter; the future was already written out. He couldn\u8217\'92t see much of that future, admittedly, but his very own line was growing into it. It joined up with Moto\u8217\'92s line, and now Ayram\u8217\'92s. Together, they would venture into that narrow passage in the distant wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was only matter of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri decided to just start walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you going?\u8221\'94 Ayram grouched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To find Moteah,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93At least, I think that\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m doing.\u8221\'94 He paused and pointed at the lines which would draw them all towards that distant crack. He changed his aim when he realized that no one else could see them, and pointed at the crack itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto peered into the dark. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw hundreds of demons flee that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That means it leads to Shis,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, struck by some realization, grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. \u8220\'93You can feel her grip?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri nodded, Moto began again to follow his worldline, pulled along it like laundry on a string. Mandri followed. Ayram grumbled, then followed too. Together, they walked at an easy pace. Mandri briefly toyed with the idea of stepping out his worldline, if only to prove that he could defy this future, but there was a tangled set of squiggles some ways up ahead. It told of how they would all stop walking for moment before continuing on. He just had to know what could cause that to happen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not hold up. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet reached those squiggles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That Mazid is property of the Lordship!\u8221\'94 Pyetle roared as he ran to catch up. Five Vessels accompanied him. \u8220\'93You pokes have redeemed yourselves, do not ruin it by doing something foolish!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram ran into his squiggle and stopped. He lowered his spear. Its chisel tip chinked the stone. Moto followed suit. Mandri smiled as he settled into the squiggle in his own worldline; it was quite surreal to feel that he was discovering his future even as he saw it before it happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you see sense,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, relaxing as he approached. \u8220\'93This is a great victory here, and we should revel in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what you want,\u8221\'94 Ayram said bitterly. He regarded all the dead bodies strewn about the chamber, first among them, Elrahet. Her ruin was so complete that one would be hard pressed to guess that there was actually a corpse underneath those black robes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Victory never comes without a cost,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said promptly. \u8220\'93In time, I am sure you will come to agree that this is about as happy an end as we could hope for. Though the Mazid has proved our savior, I must insist that he stay with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That boy could end you with a breath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, and instead of explaining, he decided to show. He took a deep breath and held it. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take much concentration to send a surge of power welling up from his stomach to tickle his throat until it was glowing hot with fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t gulp down his fear until Mandri relaxed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you still want him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle, incredulous, simply muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forgive me,\u8221\'94 Pyetle answered. \u8220\'93I hope you will forgive me. I have not been appreciative of how forthright you pokes have been. I was also, at times, too aggressive in the application my duties. In my defense, I did not know know it was possible for a Mazid to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t bother,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, annoyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Right. Well, I want you to know that you have performed a great service for the Lordship. I also want you to know that I am at your service.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what you want,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, knowing full well that Pyetle could only ever follow his worldline. Mandri was leaning towards calling it fate, but he still wasn\u8217\'92t sure. Fate should be something that was set in stone, but even as he spoke, Pyetle\u8217\'92s worldline was growing. It extended out to follow Mandri\u8217\'92s own. As it did, the Vessels behind him had their worldlines turn away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me be clear,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93I recognize that I have no leverage, given your newfound autonomy. I cannot force you to do anything that you do not want to do. But I am bound by oath to return you to the Lordship. The only option open to me is to convince you to join me. That is, if you\u8217\'92ll grant me the opportunity to convince you. I think I can, if you would.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared back blankly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle smiled, trying to appear amenable. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It has always been clear to me that a Mazid should }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 never}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  have control of their fire. It forces me to ask\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are you certain that your Minder is not actively working your stomach?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seeing Mandri pout, Pyetle doubled on. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am only having trouble with the mechanics of it,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s also the incredible coincidence. Three fingers ago, one of those hag beetles was leaping for my face. I believed I was certain to die. I prayed for deliverance. Before the prayer was finished, your fire appeared. Now, if that fire was truly absent a Minder, that alone would make it a miracle. The timing of it would make it a miracle of miracles. This all coming after I\u8217\'92d sworn an oath to the Lordship to find you and keep you safe. I swore my life on it. I am beginning to see the hand of Solraheen working in all of this. What are the odds?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slim,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It must mean something,\u8221\'94 Pyetle continued. \u8220\'93White light, I have never been so convicted.  Look at me.\u8221\'94 Pyetle held out his hand. It was trembling. \u8220\'93That could just be the comedown from the fight, but I do not think so\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no, I know so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re looking for Moto\u8217\'92s sister,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who? The Minder?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri grew exasperated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are welcome to join,\u8221\'94 he said, even though it was clear what Pyetle was going to do. \u8220\'93You can follow me to wherever it is that I\u8217\'92m going, but, I need to be honest\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I don\u8217\'92t have any interest in explaining anything to you. Also, your men won\u8217\'92t be needed.\u8221\'94 He nodded towards Pyetle\u8217\'92s bodyguard. He chased them away because he knew they would be leaving shortly anyways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow jumped. He hesitated, clearly unsteadied by his lack of control over the situation. \u8220\'93Very well,\u8221\'94 he said. The conviction in his voice was true. He turned and took one of his Vessel\u8217\'92s backpacks for himself. He took another\u8217\'92s torch. He then ordered all of them to rejoin their brethren in preparing their dead for transport back to the surface. \u8220\'93Report everything,\u8221\'94 was his final command. From there, he joined Mandri and the others as they traced their purpose past the golden tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Their destination, that narrow passage, revealed itself to be a curved arch fashioned from a gray granite. And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a passage as such, but a partition; a named partition, for unfamiliar symbols were etched into is ribs. Mandri\u8217\'92s mood soured, for the graven letters looked more like stab wounds than symbols. He dared not enter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle waved his torch below the letters. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are we all sure,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93that you won\u8217\'92t let me convince you to visit me in Jeket? It is a much more inviting place, I assure you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does it say?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Schisol\u8217\'92s creed,\u8221\'94 Pyetle answered, confident but wary. \u8220\'93It is also known by a less formal name: drivel. More vacuous words were never written. Here, poetic rambling. There, demonstrably wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The words,\u8221\'94 Mandri demanded to know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle shrugged and drew his light over the letters as he read.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not seek; if you are pure, you will find the truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Do not obey; if you have found the truth, you will be in the right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Do not teach; if you are in the right, you will be followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Do not enter unless you are followed.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle stepped back and sighed in such a way that made Mandri doubt his translation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is the gist of it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93It is possible I some of the nuance has eluded me, but it is as I said: drivel. Whoever wrote it is either blind to irony, or takes undue amount of pleasure from it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does it mean?\u8221\'94 Moto asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who can say? The words are set against themselves. It tells us what not to do, but also tells us to not obey. It\u8217\'92s not clever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What it means,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, \u8220\'93Is that to enter here, one must come with a willing sacrifice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that right?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, though his tone suggested he already knew this. \u8220\'93I suppose that I will enter first. You all will be counted as my sacrifices.\u8221\'94 He gave a half-hearted smile to show that he didn\u8217\'92t really mean it. But, it was only a half-hearted smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram reach up and touch the grooves in the letters. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Clean,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93There should be centuries of dust. This was recently made.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or,\u8221\'94 Pyetle advised, \u8220\'93Something has been attending to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto peered into the depths beyond. The floor sloped down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see handprints past the threshold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hag beetles,\u8221\'94 Mandri guessed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They all stood in silence, staring at the mass of dusty handprints the floor. It was easy to imagine the hundreds of beetles which must have fled into this void. Them, and what else?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto straightened up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my sister,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t ask any of you to join me, though I would much appreciate the help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To the end,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. The force of his voice put courage into Mandri\u8217\'92s legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go first,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. How could he not? He felt as much fear as the others, if not more, but he could see the lines of fate. The others might as well be blind old men. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stepped through the archway, then immediately slipped and fell into a bruising slide down a steep descent. He quickly caught himself on a thick block of wood masquerading as stair step. He laughed, because he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen all this happen, and yet it happened anyways. And thankfully, it happened the way that it did, because after the makeshift stair, the way dropped precipitously into a hole of endless black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri laughed again, this time to hide his terror. Pyetle, stepping down behind him, whistled. The bright sound fell and did not echo back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shuffled around the abyss. On they went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock passages grew untamed. In places, the walls were so narrow that Mandri was forced to thrutch through them sideways. How Ayram managed it was a mystery. Next came a tight zigzag of ceilingless fissures staccatoed by stuck slumps of fallen rock. Past these, he crawled through a jagged sandstone tube that swerved as it slid downhill. It did not help that the torch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s narration of these passages was unreliable. Hidden edges clawed at his woolen robes. Shadows that looked like divots gave way to potholes that twisted his feet. The longer it went on, the less Mandri cared about these scrapes and bruises, for an unremitting burn set into his thighs as the ways were much more hilly than anything he\u8217\'92d been through in the desert, or even the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He hungered. For the first time since he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been made a Mazid, he was hungry. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is quite a ways,\u8221\'94 Pyetle remarked. \u8220\'93Any ideas on how long it will take to get to where we\u8217\'92re headed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll get there when we get there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I only worry for the provisions,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve brought enough hardtack for me and the Mazid. It\u8217\'92s hardly enough to feed a giant, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Save your breath, Hrkman. You\u8217\'92ll need it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They walked for another long while, and when they became tired again, they rested again. At this point no one could agree on whether it was day or night outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The god-eye sight stayed with Mandri through all of this. He wondered if it were permanent. It seemed to be growing stronger, as he was beginning to see translucent filaments of fibrous purpose sprouting out of the rocks. They were hard to see, hardly there at all, but they were certainly there. A few these tiny hairs got stuck, briefly, to his legs, matching wonderfully his sore desire to lay down and sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And now he was confronted with an impossible question: did he follow these lines because he could see them and wanted to know where they went? The others were puppeted along, no doubt, as they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see anything. This became readily apparent as they came to a fork in the path. Moto and Pyetle argued about which way to go. Mandri stayed silent. When they asked his opinion, he shrugged his shoulders. He could see that all threads of purpose wandered down the leftward passage. Eventually Ayram claimed that he could see faint traces of shoeprints heading to the left, and as demons did not wear shoes, they chose to head left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A set of footprints caused Ayram to make a choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But those footprints also had a cause, and surely that cause was also caused, and these causes carried on in an infinite regress which could only end in the hand of Solraheen weaving this desired future. Yes, this thread he followed was put there by Solraheen, and that fact helped him make up his mind: he would follow this path on the principle that an artist should be allowed to do their work without interruption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The way spilled out into a clean, gray-brick hall. This hall quickly opened up into a cavern whose size was difficult to estimate. It was bigger, at least, than the entirety of Shulgi. It was large enough to hide the echoes of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boots as the stomped along the flat stone tiles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he admired the craftsmanship in ever tiled of the floor. \u8220\'93This must be Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not yet,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, and Mandri agreed, for this place was not a pit, or a flaming pillar, but an endless sea of tile. And they weren\u8217\'92t simple squares, either. There were squares, yes, but every right angle was cut perfect and then framed by twirling patterns of pressed-in specks of blacker stones. Every twenty steps or so, this pattern was broken by a larger square inset with a mosaic depicting a black inverted sun, a bit like a flower with its petals closed. It was the sign of Schisol and Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle the others grew quiet. Mandri was doing something more, for in his god-eye sight the floor was t. These sprouts of white filaments were shorn close to the tile in places, knotted, cowlicked, while other spots of stone were completely bald. Longer single strands grew no higher than his knee. The purpose here was sickly. These filaments reached up to touch him, yearning to connect and root him to the spot. He had to tear through it. Each step felt heavier than the next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should not be here,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri eyed the dark above, expecting to see a a few unfriendly lines of fate extending out it. Nothing was there. He looked behind to check for demon Sparks, and that darkness was empty, too. There was only him and his, and out in front, their four lines of fate running through this mangy plain of fate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those lines did not extend out into forever. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could see the future, yes, but not all of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wished he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see any of it, because seeing only a little only pushed uncertainty further away. Far ahead, his line came to stop and refused to grow. He crept along, hunched up, a ball of dread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hear that?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri listened close. He heard the faint sound of a woman sobbing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Moto could shout for his sister, he was shushed by Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They walked another finger more, and the sobbing grew more distinct, such that Mandri knew who it was even before he saw the woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s faint Spark. Sure enough, on torch\u8217\'92s glare, there she was, sitting, crying into her knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Simple Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Backstabbing Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And behind her, the doors of Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These monstrous stone double-doors buttressed a monstrous wall which had no end. The doors themselves would require a whole team of oxen to open, sized as they were to the shoulders of gods. Every inch of them was covered with figural carvings, demons mostly, snarling demons doing unmentionable things to men, women, children, and all the animals. A large horned head was sculpted into the distant lintel. The lintel itself was carved to look like spreading shoulders, while the doorposts were this demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms. These long and spindly limbs stretched down to the floor where withered hands doubled as the door\u8217\'92s bottom hinges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb woke from her troubles with a startled gasp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wondered where you were,\u8221\'94 Ayram growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb hustled to her feet. She turned and pounded on the monstrous door and howled, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me in!\u8221\'94 She threw her whole body into the effort, but her raging fists could only muster a muted pat, pat, pat. Enraged by her weakness, she leaped onto the door, slid down, then pulled on the sculptural relief. She writhed against it. At last, she tried against sense to push.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill her,\u8221\'94 Ayram muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted with her phlegm-ripped throat. Furious, she pounded the door again, crying out, \u8220\'93PLEEEASE!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Defeated, she looked up at the frowning head which was set into the lintel. A heavy sob wracked her body. Halfway through surrender, she appeared to bump into a revelation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She took in a deep breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She let it out in a long, stuttering exhale, then went silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I almost pity her,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. He took a took an aggressive step forwards. His spear slipped from his shoulder and fell into his guiding hand so that he could run Seb through with purpose. His second step stopped short when the great doors of Shis began to move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The massive hinges squealed as the doors swiveled inwards. The center gap widened, slowly, to reveal a slit of darkness which cradled a single golden Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb scrambled out of the way and promptly smacked her forehead against the floor in supplication. Her whole body shivered as that Spark floated out into the torchlit dimness. Mandri was so fixated on its beauty that he almost didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice that the Spark belonged to an old woman, tall and graceful, provocatively draped in a flowing black satin sheet. The robe\u8217\'92s needle lace hem did not touch the floor, and neither did the woman\u8217\'92s feet; she floated in the air like an apparition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her nose was long. Her glare, imperious. Mandri recognized that stare immediately: she was the demon witch who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d found him on his farm. She\u8217\'92d killed his ox. She\u8217\'92d set him on this journey. He remembered her name\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Pel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto and Pyetle drew their swords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel drew a thin lipped smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please,\u8221\'94 she said to them. \u8220\'93Put your swords away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Defiant, neither man did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile grew wider. Her golden Spark glimmered nearer to white as she watched Moto and Pyetle hesitate. It was only then that Mandri realized that Pel\u8217\'92s Spark had no line of fate. In fact, not a single thread in all the world was attached to her. The flighty hairs which covered the floor yearned to touch her toes but could not reach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tongue tied?\u8221\'94 Pel asked as she glided towards him. She stopped well short of Ayram\u8217\'92s striking range. \u8220\'93Do I frighten you? Speak, Mandrameen. This is your moment.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill her,\u8221\'94 Ayram ordered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, kill yourself,\u8221\'94 Pel snipped. \u8220\'93The world hardly needs another Spark telling others what to do. I should say the same to the rest of you.\u8221\'94 Her eyes lingered on Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe we\u8217\'92ve met,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dear, your belief is incorrect. Most of them are. For one, you would not be standing here if you believed correct things about this domain. The last time an enemy stood where you stand, she was accompanied by an army of fifty thousand, yet you come with only four. It\u8217\'92s such madness that I almost forget that you believe you are compelled to be here out of a sense of duty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, emboldened, stepped forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is my sister?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Pel said. \u8220\'93That.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will tell me where she is,\u8221\'94 Moto said, lowering his brow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do not deserve to know,\u8221\'94 Pel said sharply. \u8220\'93You were a horrible brother to her. I can only begin to imagine what her life must have been like before I began to wear her face.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto quirked his head as if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite heard. He then took a step back, and Pel pressed him further with a smile. And as each man puzzled out her meaning, her skin began to shift. Her wrinkles folded into themselves, smoothing out. Her skin tone darkened. Her silver hair turned black. Her figure shortened, her shoulders broadened, and suddenly it was no longer Pel floating there in front of them, but Moteah, sheeted, alluring, relishing in the confounding surprise her sudden appearance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder,\u8221\'94 she said to Moto, voice young and bright. \u8220\'93Can you reckon back to the day that I stole her place? I believe that you were so wrapped with dreams of the dead to notice how the girl who was still living had changed. Really, I shouldn\u8217\'92t complain that you never knew her. That callousness made you easy to fool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She laughed a clear and happy laugh, while Moto floundered for want of a single word. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, don\u8217\'92t worry,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t only you. It is all of you. You each have the same failing as every person who has ever lived; you simply do not care about other people. Isn\u8217\'92t that right, Mandri?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her eyes moved to Mandri. The the familiarity threw him completely off balance. Then came the sudden realization that she was Pel and had always been for as long as he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d known her. And she was missing her hand. Pel, not Moteah, was missing her hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is she!?\u8221\'94 Moto yelled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel smirked inside Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disguise. \u8220\'93It will be better for your peace of mind if you do not know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me! NOW!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel drew back in disgust. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your desire is noted,\u8221\'94 she said as the black sheet fell off her shoulder. She caught it, then drew it back up. \u8220\'93Still, I will keep her story a secret, if only for my pleasure.\u8221\'94 Then with a flourish and a swirl, her skin rippled back into the aged visage of her serene and serious true self.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you value consensus,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said aside to Mandri, \u8220\'93I agree with Moto. Nothing good can come out of Shis. You should kill her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again,\u8221\'94 Pel said, \u8220\'93Before you try killing other people, you might consider that there\u8217\'92s only way to conquer your fears, and that is to kill yourselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her face was hard as stone, impassive, judgmental. Mandri felt she was accusing him of something, staring at him like that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s your hand that controls my stomach?\u8221\'94 he asked, though he already knew the answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is,\u8221\'94 Pel said as she admired her nub of a wrist. \u8220\'93But do no let that stop you from doing what you came here to do. If you all wish to kill me, then I wish to see you try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But can you stop me from using my fire?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why ask!?\u8221\'94 Moto whined. \u8220\'93Just do it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please,\u8221\'94 she chided. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t bring me into this hurt you are feeling, this fear. You do it to yourselves. If you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 must}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  blame someone else, blame Solraheen. Do we need a history lesson? Who put you in those frail and fearing bodies? It was Solraheen, children. You live, suffer, and die for His entertainment.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A beggar\u8217\'92s philosophy,\u8221\'94 Pyetle spat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it?\u8221\'94 Pel asked, amused. \u8220\'93I suppose the truth would seem too simple to a man as smart as you. Don\u8217\'92t fret, I am not here to convince you of my beliefs. Belief is unnecessary. You will all find the truth, and peace, in the belly of the Burshageet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve killed your Burshageet,\u8221\'94 Mandri said proudly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel deflected this triumph away with an upward twitch of her sharp chin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The true Burshageet will come,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93In fact, he stands now on my doorstep.\u8221\'94 An excited smile played on her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Him?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, confused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me?\u8221\'94 Mandri echoed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile drew wide. \u8220\'93Why else would you be standing before me now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vanity welled up his chest, for in no possible world would he consent to looking as foul as that putrid Burshageet. He raised his voice. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here because you killed my ox! I\u8217\'92m here because you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 please}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Pel sighed. \u8220\'93Those grievances are Mandrameen\u8217\'92s. Who is he to you? Naught but a fleshy vessel. Your entire being is a fiction which your Spark creates to distract from the misery of being alone. If you would walk with me into Shis, I could show you what I mean. You may bring your friends along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She drifted a bit to the side to give a clearer view of the doors of Shis. She cast an adoring eye upon Seb, who still had her forehead glued to the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve performed wonderfully,\u8221\'94 Pel said softly. \u8220\'93Would you do the honor of showing these poor men the way inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb raised her head. It seemed she wanted desperately to say something important, but she hesitated, then wiped her tears, and smiled her wretched, black-tooth smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 Pel said, reassuring. \u8220\'93Run along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stood up, cast a mournful look at Mandri and the others, then took off running into the depths of Shis, blindly following the line which marked her fate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Behind her, a new thread of purpose manifested itself into being, drawn from out of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own Spark. It twirled past Pel\u8217\'92s hip then disappeared into her shadowy realm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Mandri firmly. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going anywhere with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips eased back into a winsome smile.\u8220\'93Why else would you be here?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93Mandrameen, the portrait painter. You\u8217\'92ve painted a thousand faces, and not one of them was true. How many self-portraits? Come, Mandri, you know how they never came out quite right. What was missing? A mirror never could show you. A mirror only made you more confused. It sold you the lie that you are here, alive, and always will be. Everyone else\u8217\'92s eyes close, and someday, yours might close forever, but who\u8217\'92s to say it\u8217\'92s not the world which disappears every time you blink?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s deranged,\u8221\'94 Pyetle mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri agreed, however, somewhere tucked inside Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s babbling about blinking was the realization that he hadn\u8217\'92t blinked since he\u8217\'92d gone underground. Perhaps it had been longer. Perhaps he hadn\u8217\'92t blinked since the god-eye burgeon took hold of him. He began to worry that his eyes were stuck, and as he did, Pel locked her gaze with his.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In a flash, her eyes shone gold, as if a shutter had opened and her Spark was declaring mystic tidings which he could not comprehend but could certainly feel\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 bright, and warm, and loving. Then she blinked and her eyes were suddenly reset.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you sleep?\u8221\'94 she asked with interest. \u8220\'93What happens to Mandrameen when you sleep? Where does he go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never thought about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honesty is good,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Very good. Every successful journey begins with honesty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill her already!\u8221\'94 Moto cried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel seemed pleased to hear Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice crack. \u8220\'93Look at this boy,\u8221\'94 she said as she flicked her penetrating eyes over the strong-willed Zosan. \u8220\'93See how frightened he is. See that hate; he hates me. He hates himself. He is afraid of death. He hates his sister, too, but doesn\u8217\'92t know it. There is only one way for him to know peace from all of this: merge his Spark with yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandriii\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ayram growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91Mandri\u8217\'92 indeed,\u8221\'94 Pel said as she stepped aside to clear the path towards the gates of Shis. She held out an entreating arm. With the back of her hand, she brushed the thread of fate which led into the void. \u8220\'93Come, young Mandrameen. All those long years of wondering why no one ever saw in you what you saw yourself are over. Come and let your eyes adjust to the darkness that you\u8217\'92ve been living in your entire life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood dumbstruck at the sight of that thread which foretold his future. He gasped when he realized that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d taken a step forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you dither?\u8221\'94 Pel said, amused. \u8220\'93Who do you think wrote your fate? All the gods are dead. There is no higher power weaving its will into our world.\u8221\'94 She stared down her long nose at Mandri. \u8220\'93This thread you follow is your own. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  put it there, no one else. Here, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll make it clearer for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her long fingers stretched up into the air and snatched a Black knife out of nothingness. She set this blade against Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fate and neatly plucked it. In an instant, his bright worldline popped into shimmering dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93given that I\u8217\'92ve both invited you in and denied that inevitable future, what is it that you think I want you to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not know. And more, he feared that whatever he was going to do would play right into her hands. This witch, and her ancient eyes, had seen much more of the future than he.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  she want him to do?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He desperately wanted to know. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t escape the situation by doing nothing at all, because that, perhaps, was precisely what she wanted him to do. Most likely, given context, she wanted him to take her ramblings seriously. She wanted him to actually entertain the absurd idea that his living existence was a fantasy, that \u8216\'91Mandrameen\u8217\'92 was nothing but a label stapled onto a bag of impertinent opinions, prejudices, and obediences, those symptoms of stressed out flesh, and what a stress it was, meat snagging on time, stretching out the years. Yes, his Spark did not belong to this weight. If he had any sense, he would lay down and die, for in death there is tunnel of light which leads to a point of critical masslessness where the immeasurable joy of infinity explodes forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel was staring at him with her golden eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was channeling these thoughts into him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri fought back with a scowl. He made certain that she could feel his purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Feel it she did, for her brows jumped as she burst into a tremendous fit of laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, my, my!\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Such a mood is unbecoming! You make it seem like you wish to fight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dear boy, me and mine have collected an uncountable number of Sparks throughout the ages. Yours would be no different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of that number,\u8221\'94 Mandri marked, \u8220\'93how many belonged to a Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please,\u8221\'94 Pel said with annealing charm. \u8220\'93We have collected the Sparks of gods. \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then there\u8217\'92s no hope of defeating you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93None whatsoever. You are always welcome to try\u8230\'85if that is what you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 truly}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  want.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very well,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, and when next he opened his mouth, his throat ran gold with fire. Out poured a beam as bright as the sun. It roared through the air and smashed into the door of Shis. It would have scoured Pel\u8217\'92s head whole if she hadn\u8217\'92t flown away in a blur. Her sudden flight traced a loop and a swirl before ending in a dramatic glide as she alighted right back down in the spot where she\u8217\'92d been. The sheet that was her robe billowed down to recover her naked figure, as did her hair, for her flight had loosed her silver locks and they hung now upon her shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it you are trying to defeat?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. He\u8217\'92d thought this was obvious, but somehow this was not the answer she was hoping for, as she sighed deeply. Her golden eyes were gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How can you not see that I\u8217\'92ve already won?\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Solraheen is dead. So is Elrahet, his last adherent. There is no one left to frustrate the natural collapse of this world. All there is, is you. You don\u8217\'92t have the power. None of you do. If I would die today, it would change nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put that to the test?\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, but I will,\u8221\'94 Pel said. She raised her black knife up high. \u8220\'93Now that my labor is over, I can lead by example.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She plunged her blade into the left side of her belly, just under her ribs. Straining, she sliced across to the right. Blood poured over her fingers as she pushed the blade deeper. She moaned, then doubled over, and trembled violently. Her hair fell around her face. Her arms curled inward, shielding the wound, as though embarrassed of her agony. Her shoulders heaved as she continued to cut until blood splashed out onto the ground. Finally, she straightened up. In her hand was her stomach. A length of intestine dangled from it, swinging like a rope over the blood-slicked chasm in her abdomen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can have me,\u8221\'94 she said as she presented the seat of her Spark for all to see. The Spark itself was a drifting daub of golden light. Mandri was stupefied by the sight of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel glanced towards the doors of Shis. Her haggard breathing was wet with sips and spits of blood. She struggled to throw her voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If not you,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93It may be that a gentler Spark will claim it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It seemed, for a moment, that she would collapse into the growing puddle of her own blood, but her determination willed her upright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then the darkness between the doors of Shis began to drift like liquid smoke. like liquid smoke, and more, it squelched out growls and shrieks. This groping mist of shadow and shrieks billowed up into great black clouds on either side of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s party. It spread to fill out the entire chasm, vomiting out spheres of light as it went. Soon, the whole of the dark was plotted with a scattered rainbow of Sparks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On came the pinching laughter of demons. Not just two, or three, or twenty, for this was a demon host. At once, thousands of blinking, torch-reflecting eyes were opened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 eyes set wide, bovine eyes, mousey eyes, the saucer eyes of squid, fourfold sets of spider eyes swaying overhead. Every kind of eye in all creation glared from the abyss. But they were not watching Mandri. They looked towards Pel, towards her proffered stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The first set of demon eyes to unveil their body was a naked, knuckle-walking monkey, vaguely human, with its lips stuffed up its nose. Then another set of glowing eyes stepped forth into the torchlight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a bubble-backed ox with the head of a fluff-faced river rat, reticulated fur and all. These two were joined by a circle of grotesqueries, each leaping out, it seemed, from nightmares. They closed in, swarmed in, scuttled in, surrounded Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s party. Out of their Sparks spooled threads of hungry purpose, each of which seemed to sniff for Pel\u8217\'92s exposed stomach before stretching out and latching fast. Each new fateful attachment elicited a new squeal, hiss, or roar, and soon the air was alive with teeth chatter, giggle chatter, yapping, sucking, pealing chatter. There was enough hunger in this room to bring about the end of days. And when the threads of fate were thick as a blanket, Pel reached back and tossed her stomach towards Mandrameen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That stomach bounced at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet, dragging a wide cast-net of hungry purpose along with it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel, a spectacle of death, fell to the ground. On hand and knees, stub wrist pointed at Mandri, she cried out her final word, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93FEAST!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach wretched. His mind sprang backwards out of his eyes and into the folds of his interior. When he next came to, he was on his knees. Pel\u8217\'92s stomach was under his nose. It was being pushed into his mouth by his own cupped hands. His teeth were sinking into its steaming meat. He could taste its juice on his tongue. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Something was in his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He swallowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A horror at what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done overcame him. He turned to his companions to in shame and saw that they hadn\u8217\'92t even seen him duck, for there demons all about. wolf-headed demon. It stepped, hesitantly, out of the demon circle, and was joined by a fish-headed bear giant. They both loomed large, snarled, and licked their teeth. The fish-head had a much harder time of it, but it did certainly try.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can do this,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said with more than a hint of worry. \u8220\'93We can survive this. If Mandri spreads his fire wide, and we keep low and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The hunting shriek of a winged demon cut his stratagem short. And this demon was the most grotesque yet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 bat-winged and the size of a child, with a child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flat face and enormous funnel ears that framed its lidless, pea-sized eyes. It swooped down from above, stretched its legs, and splayed its talons wide. Just as it made to shriek again, its whole head was wooshed away by a burst of Mandri\u8217\'92s flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The heat of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flame was so intense that the bat-child\u8217\'92s headless body burst into a shower of gore which hurtled overhead before splashing into the crowd of demons. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then all of Shis broke loose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Demons came running, hopping, sliding, striding, galloping towards their prey. Scales sparkled and muscles bulged, whiskered snouts snapped and fanged maws screeched. Pointed beaks screamed for oblivion. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden fire screamed back. He swung his coruscating blaze in two great sweeping arcs, cutting the first rank of evil out at the waist. Those that scurried underneath his sweeping flame\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the dog, hog, and lizard demons, the hag beetle demons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these he dispatched with incredible precision and blinding speed as more than twenty beams of fire flared out of his mouth in space of a short-held breath. Every smoking corpse burst into flame, leaving a ring of sizzling flesh to serve as stumbling blocks to the rest of the onrushing horde. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram and the others gathered close to Mandri as his fire spiraled round and round. At each turn, his flame traveled further out, mowing down larger and larger swathes of evil. Trailing in the wake of his destruction was a smattering of distant explosions as those who tumbled out of the air boiled in their juices and combusted on collision with the ground. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Still the demons came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hunger twisted their faces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On and on they came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri blasted birds, bats, and all manner of bees, wasps, and dragonflies. The swarms of Shis were pouring forth to protect their nest. Their rippling, chitinous, feathered backs glinted against the flames. The very skin of the cavern rock was writhing. Yet, Mandri could hardly contain his pride. He was turning away this great host all by himself. Then he was pricked by a less affirming feeling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the preternatural sense of approaching doom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked for a particularly deadly looking thread of fate, but if it was there, it was lost in all the clutter. And still, the demons were closing in, threads attached to his stomach. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d killed many, but not all. Some snuck past his blasting fire. Moto struggled to fend off the claws of a great horned viper. Ayram dodged and countered a spiraling stinger which sprouted out of the head of a duck-billed horse. Pyetle\u8217\'92s leg was caught in the froggy maw of a giant man-stork, while Moto started hacking at its neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is hopeless!\u8221\'94 Pyetle cried as he regained his foot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to run!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Run where?!\u8221\'94 Moto screamed. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re surrounded!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri heard all this with his burgeon-addled ears, and cleared a path for them with a quick and easy breath. He knew he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d chosen the correct way, or at least, it was the route they were going to take, for above this stretch of burning corpses there lay four lines of purpose, each of them zipping towards the distant wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go!\u8221\'94 Ayram thundered, and on they went, with Mandri leading the way, hopping over flailing tail and claw, burning black holes into bellies. Ayram took up the rear, swinging his great spear, unbuckling ribs from spines. It was almost difficult to look away from that giant\u8217\'92s magnificent display of strength. Then something wet pricked pricked Mandri\u8217\'92s cheek. He looked up and saw a scattering of raindrops glittering amongst the swarm of Sparks above. Another drop of wet pricked his forehead, forcing upon him the realization that this was not rain; the demons above were pissing in excitement. Another drop hit his lip and he shrieked in disgust. Then Ayram grabbed the neck of his robe, snarled, and threw him onward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move, you idiot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri moved, though he had no notion of where it was he was going. He was only following his worldline. He ran along, shooting down furious demons left and right, for these shrieking beasts had Sparks connected to his own. Their hunger was for him, him and his companions. Any fresh Spark would do. Moto was running before him, and his Sparks dragged along great bundles of desire along with him. Mandri harassed all those pursuers with his flame, but some of these beasts were quick. He began to worry Moto would be overwhelmed, when suddenly, the man ducked into a tunnel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri marveled at the chance of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It just so happened that, on instinct, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d found a way out of this killing field. It was so unlikely that Solraheen must have been involved. How else could there be an escape so free of sparkling eyes and teeth?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sprinted faster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ran into the tunnel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His relief was stunted by the sight of an impassable wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was not an exit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a dead end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were trapped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He spun around in panic and was instantly blinded by a flood of white light, for every filament of hungry purpose was drawn into this sheaf of rock. He knew the great press of the demon host was charging in so he screamed, but his beam of fire was not wide enough to even poke even a hole in this vast field of white. He swept his arc wide, expecting to but a scratch in it, but that rope of purpose gunning for his stomach was drawing tighter as the swarms were closing in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He felt Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s massive fingers grab his own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pressed something into his palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A handle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers felt the knapped back of the blade with dawning awe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was Elrahet\u8217\'92s shard of Fabled Black. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gripped it, and swung. Thick bundles of fibrous purpose poofed into mist. The effect was immediate; demons collapsed mid-pounce. One squealing pig-bug even crashed into him, but did not bite. Pyetle stabbed it, pushed it away, and Mandri stood back up to keep cutting fate. He sliced and cut until not a single strand was left and his eyes were forced to readjust to torchlit darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Emerging from this fuzzy blear were his companions. They were hunched against the rock beside him, surprised as ever to be alive. Outside of their hollow, in the open cavern, was the rest of the demon host. They stared blankly at Mandri like a herd of sheep waiting for their master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s call. Still alive, their Sparks still shone brightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are they doing?\u8221\'94 Pyetle wondered, nearly out of breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri watched in horror as new lines of purpose began to stretch out of every demon, only this time they did not sniff for anything in particular; they attached to whatever was nearest, that being each other. Thick white cords stretched out in every direction, up, down, across the room, and soon that plain of Shis was criss-crossed by a confusing lattice of snarling beasts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Somewhere in the distance, a cat yowled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A goat bleated in fright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An warbling shriek rang out but was quickly snuffed out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Silence regained the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then the white lattice of light collapsed as the demonic host fell upon itself to feast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fangs and fingernails ripped at every manner of stomach, sending skin, fur, feathers, and scales flying through the air, a boiling sea of carnage. Stomping snakes ripped the shells off stoats. Clucking sows pounced upon wingless winged ants, while a ratbird hunted a giant fly that shat out silk like a worm. If any demon stopped to eat, its own flesh was torn. Mandri had to summon his fire once more to dispatch a giant crab-clawed turtle, and a few more times as well to deal with whatever death-rattle battles would splash upon his shore. Mostly, the demons were content to ravage each other. His fight was effectively over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, why was he was still afraid?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked inward, to his stomach, for he felt something stir inside him. He quickly looked away, for Ayram was staring.}}