{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green250\blue145;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto is just there, sword drawn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto kicks sand. Sprays up high. Blnds. Ducks, twirls swipes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If either hit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shade reluctantly impressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You demon!\u8221\'94 it said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at you!\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Shade laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Self-taught? You mean to say that you\u8217\'92ve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll teach you something, if you\u8217\'92re willing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto, calmly grasps his scabbard. Adopts a different stance. Mandri there was a fight within the fight that his untrained eyes could not see. The Shade seemed quite amused with it all. Whatever Moto was doing amused him, and out of habit the Shade tried to find a sympathetic eye to share in the absurdity, but all there was was Mandri, so the Shade. Then he walked towards Moto, the most casual stroll, like he was out to buy some lunch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Goes in a goes for it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zing zing swish}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto rushed to his feet, keeping the tip of his sword trained on the Shade\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible,\u8221\'94 said the Shade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feeling scared?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I cut you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No you didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what a blade slicing bone feels like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shade looks down at his robe, and . He stuck his gloved fingers into it and probed the .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You cut my horn. And even then you barely scratched it\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shock fear in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You smell like a mazyd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where is he.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stone made a funny noise wherever it landed; a kind of delayed echo. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bother Moteah, but Pyetle was intrigued - there seemed to be another pit. He walked over to check it out, and sure enough, a deep and wide hole opened up into the ground. Another pit cave. No one was in this one, and it didn\u8217\'92t seem to open up into the Underworld. It was just a big hole in the ground, unconnected to anything but the outside air. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It got Pyetle to wondering just where he was. In the Sand there is a place called the Pitted Portion, a place filled with sinks and holes and caves, but that was a thousand leagues from Dissel, and he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have made that journey in just one night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just to be sure, Pyetle scrambled up a little graveled hill and climbed atop a boulder to get a better view of the place. He expected to see something familiar, like the Blackshell hills or the . The Blackshells were indeed there to the east, but only their peaks, so far away that their white tips barely gleamed through the thick haze of distance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rocky ground all around wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t clay, it was rock. Thickly pitted for miles. Most pits weren\u8217\'92t so dramatic as the one he\u8217\'92d come out of, as most edges were sloped and sagged or cratered instead of dropping sheer into the earth. In between these holes there were wide, flat spaces of dry sandstone, but there were also great mounds of boulders and gravel, just like the one he was standing on. Undoubtedly , this was the Pitted Portion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one knew how these pits came to be. There was no river running through it, nothing to carve a winding canyon. It was just like the rest of the Junei plain, only with holes and the rubble that had, presumably, once filled them. Standing there, Pyetle felt certain in Truth of the Solean Myth of Damdromidon - what else but a great demon looking for the buried heart of the earth could explain this cavernous plain?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  When Pyetle had looked at maps to trace the route had taken, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come to expect a clear delination between portions. Pitted is here and windy is there. But looking out he wondered if the pitted portion ever ended, if the names given were even useful. If the different parts of the sand were even clear enough to warrant a category, or if it was one big clusterfuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then a voice shouted from the base of his little promontory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle! What are you doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle turned in fright and saw Ayram standing there, looming large even though he was a good thirty meters away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just taking a look!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted back. \u8220\'93Is this really the Pitted Portion?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did Moteah not make it clear to you that there are Imps about, looking for us?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle took a quick look around for any sign of Imperial riders.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see any.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think that they might see you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his rush to scramble off the boulder, Pyetle fell butt-first onto the slope of the hill. He was able to catch himself, so instead of rolling down the scree, he slid down it. When he got to the bottom, he stood up in front of Ayram and apologized.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry. I was just curious. I\u8217\'92m not used to the whole desert bandit thing. Hiding in holes and whatnot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t looking at Pyetle. He was looking at the cloud of dust that Pyetle had kicked up when he slid down the scree. It was rising slowly into the air, twirling in on itself, measuring both the vortex/convective wind and the magnitude of Pyetle\u8217\'92s shame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, do people find you to be annoying? Is this kind of thing a common kind of thing with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw would have dropped at the bluntness of the question if it weren\u8217\'92t already drawn tight by embarrassment. As such, Pyetle could barely stammer out the word, \u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need to understand something, so I\u8217\'92m going to state it clearly,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93I invest in people. My people. Ayramun. And I\u8217\'92ll invest in you if you do something with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t made the point yet,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle, looking up, thought Ayram seemed inhuman. Greater than human. He was so much bigger, too big to be the same kind of thing as he.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a little careless, Pyetle. That\u8217\'92ll get you killed. There\u8217\'92s no shame in getting killed - but carelessness? Is that how you want to go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then keep in mind that things out here are trying to kill you. Right now they\u8217\'92re trying to kill you. Not just the Imps. Bugs. Lizards. The sun. Hell, there could be a beatboar hogging your scent. If I can smell the drink on you from here, then he can from a mile away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram smacked his teeth, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just tasted something foul. \u8220\'93Out here the kind of mistakes that require apologies are the ones that get people killed. So don\u8217\'92t ever say that. \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92m sorry\u8217\'92. Not to me. Just do better. Else I\u8217\'92ll be trying to kill you too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t. But I have a way to make it a little clearer. Come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle followed Ayram around the lip of the pit and back to where Moteah had left him. From there they went to the hill with the cave where he was to take his oath. The entrance to it was narrow, and it matched Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s height, so Ayram had to duck down and shimmy sideways to get in. Pyetle stopped at the entrance, and tried to see inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The interior was lit by a narrow sliver of sunlight that cut down from the entrance and crawled along the floor. It was enough because the cave was small, and the light could bounce around. It was almost like the inside of sandstone ball, with Ayram standing at the far end. To his right, was Pella, hunched and. To left was the witch Elrahet. In between them, cut into the rock floor, was a round hole the width of a foot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Pyetle stepped into the cave, his body cut out the light. Elrahet and Pella each grabbed a wrist, and then Ayram dropped something into the hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you feel about the Empire?\u8221\'94 Pella asked. Her grip was firm and tight, stronger than Pyetle had expected from a woman of her age.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t really care about it one way or the other,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. He was sure that Pella had been expecting him to say he hated the Empire. All the other Ayramun seemed to. But something about the scene suggested simple honesty was the best course of action. He felt that something was considering him, sniffing him out. Some sense oustide the normal, which could target truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Empire kills and it rapes,\u8221\'94 Pella replied. \u8220\'93It grinds the wealth and culture of the world to dust. Have you not seen it? Is that not why you are here among us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle was unsure of what to say. His answer would obviously be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91no\u8217\'92, so he didn\u8217\'92t understand why Pella was pressing the issue. She was trying to catch him out. For what reason, he couldn\u8217\'92t fathom. Maybe she just didn\u8217\'92t like him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the end it was Ayram who answered Pella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle is here because he followed me here. It is as simple as that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No passion, then,\u8221\'94 Pella croaked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remove your shirt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An odor began to rise out of the hole in the ground. A green glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Elrahet stabbed in him the belly with a knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel much. Wanted to scream but couldn\u8217\'92t. The words caught in throat, and he couldn\u8217\'92t breath. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram then reached out, grabbed his shoulder, and threw him him face down to the earth. Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, and his open wound, was flush over the hole. Then his sense started to dull. He could no longer smell the sulfur. But instead of going dark, his mind began to swim with visions. Flashes of  color, different scenes. The outlines of Ayram\u8217\'92s eyes swirling through them, part of them, edges lost but still there, watching. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Coming to\u8217\'92 moment where ayrams true visage are loaded behind the eyes. Pyetle begins to wonder if Ayram gave him the vision or share in it. If he knew what he was thinking, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After some time, which Pyetle later learned was only a minute, Ayram pulled him up from the ground. When Pyetle searched his belly, he found there was no wound, and that in its place was the brand of the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Rise my child, Pyetle of the Ayraman. You have been consecrated.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purpose of this hallucination is to hint at Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s capacity to truly end a human\u8217\'92s soul.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4 chars on merchant journey to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Babel\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2 priests who differ in their interpretations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father and son merchants.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first in a line of modest men, with access to a higher truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The schism in the modern world is between those who feel that their version of the truth demands that it must be enforced, and those who feel that the only right you have is to make your case to people who are then left alone to agree or not agree.\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Son talks with priest:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are old enough now to know the truth of it. There are two different approaches to understanding what has been revealed to us in the Four Pillars; you take someone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s word for what the scriptures mean, or you can quest the meaning for yourself.\~}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re saying that what I\u8217\'92ve been taught isn\u8217\'92t true?\~}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No. Certainty in spiritual matters is an illusion. Careful analysis of the Pillars will reveal to you how men like Comtois hide the nuance of the Ogma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s revelation within practiced sermons and a confident smile. The truth is that the scripture of the Pillars are a guiding light. This light is bright, diffuse, and holy, blinding to us who look into it. One can not outline the sun, lest you go blind. Those of us who claim to see a clear outline of the source are deluded.\~}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Speak plainly, good father.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind requires clarity, Domel. The simple story that Comtois taught you as a child filled that need, but you are a man now. You\u8217\'92re going to need to learn to make peace with complexity of reality, for complexity leads to uncertainty, and uncertainty leads to doubt, and from doubt, apostasy.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Should I not fulfill what the Emperor commands of me? Is he not Divine?}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Comtois taught you that the Emperor is literally and wholly the Divine Ogma. I say to you that the Emperor is a reflection of it. When you worship the Emperor you worship the Divine vis-a-vis the Emperor.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is the difference?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A reflection can be distorted. Look down into the water - you see yourself. In one moment the image is clear, and the water moves, and the next it is fragmented.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Senka and Dobril looked into the waves Father Comtois interrupts.\~}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Listen to him, boy.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ah, Comtois. Skulking about in my shadow again?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll hang for your heresies, Senke.\~}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You have tried already Comtois, and the Bisphoric Council has settled this matter.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And you think the Council is the final authority on scripture? Only God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s incarnate presence can judge this matter!\~}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Emperor? But he is not also a man? Is it not impossible for him to wholly understand understand his own nature?}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Comtois laughs. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you see what is happening son? Bishops like Senke play language games to hide their political ambition. Instead of interpreting the Four Pillars plainly, as is right, they ferret out interpretations of the Pillars that wrest power away from the Emperor, so that they might have it. They deny his divinity so that they may deny his commands!}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And I can say the same for the Emperor, peace be upon him.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the scriptures had wanted us to think of the king is merely a reflection of God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s true nature, it would have said as much!}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It just an analogy to -}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls3\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Senk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s point was cut short by the Comtois\u8217\'92 righteous indignation.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Many wander blindly, who claim to see the path.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For the true path is hidden, for it is not well traveled.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hese people know what is due a king.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grey, grey, grey,\u8221\'94 Colm Triton muttered, shaking his head in disgust. He was still several leagues out from his legion\u8217\'92s bivouac, but already the scene was damnable. For as far as the fog revealed, the trees had been hewn for lumber, and their ugly stumps pocked the rolling foothills like warts on an ogre\u8217\'92s ass - and it was all just as grey, just as muddy, just as riddled with tufts of fungus. Absent sun and absent shadows, the land was absent life.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cursed,\u8221\'94 was the word that sprung to Colm\u8217\'92s mind. It was as if all the trees and bush and bramble had fled the place. Even the stoutest rocks seemed to want to burrow into the ground. Yet, men made their way into the valley from every corner of the Empire to swell the ranks of the Mud Legion.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whether they were all brave or stupid, Colm was\~ unsure, but he was one of them all the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~He eyed his comrades warily, noting how each face was more sullen and weary than the last. Just skin and bones, save a few.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re fools, at the very least,\u8221\'94 Colm reasoned. Only a column of fools would march towards the thing from which mutilated soldiers limped away. No clearer display of their prospects in battle could be arranged than those that littered the highway: A weary captain slumped in his saddle, arm slung tight to his chest. A footman whose whole head was swaddled in bloodstained rags. Another with no wounds to rival his comrades, but his face wore their trauma all the same.\~\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In this last day alone Colm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s troop had passed twelve of these decimated companies, and yet they kept marching. So, brave or stupid, they were fools at the very least, brave fools as they may be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But there were far more people heading towards the camp than away, and it pleased Colm to see that most of these weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t soldiers. That meant the camp, and the wall that it worked to maintain, had reached some measure of stability.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A distant, roaring horn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its echo muted the rumbling of wagon wheels and the squelching of mud underfoot.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An Orc horn, sounding like the scream of an Epegrine Eel out of water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Colm troop take it in like noobs..\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the wounded veterans leaving the front caught Colm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye. He seemed to be laughing at them. A bloody stump of a left arm and yet he laughed.\line \u8220\'93Hear that Comrades?\u8221\'94 the laughing wretch asked. \u8220\'93The horn blows for you! Go and earn your wages!\u8221\'94 At that he reached into the wagon next to him and pulled out a bag of coin and shook it. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll only cost an arm or a leg!\u8221\'94\~ The other weary sods around him laughed, but not even this bit of humor pausing their rueful exodus.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fool\u8217\'92s gone mad,\u8221\'94 said the former beggar boy, Trim, who marched to Colm\u8217\'92s left.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I don\u8217\'92t think so.\u8221\'94 said Colm. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s you or me in three months.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You or me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you count how many men were left in that poor sod\u8217\'92s column? Less than half I\u8217\'92d wager.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, we could both be part of the less-than-half that lives,\u8221\'94 said Trim.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fallen priest to Colm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right chuckled at Trim\u8217\'92s innocent resolve - but it didn\u8217\'92t go too far as his neck was wrung so tight by the chain of excommunication that he struggled even to breathe. In fact, that chuckle was the first peep Colm had heard from the scrawny young heretic since their journey began twelve weeks ago.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Colm appreciated how, as a group, they formed a neat tableau of the waste product that oozed out from the Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s machinery. Colm himself typified the numberless poor that wandered the countryside, somehow lucky enough to be born a freeman, but had done nothing with it and so was forced, at thirty, into soldiery. Trim was refuse from the Capital. Here too was an excommunicated priest. There was even a woman, marching right ahead of Colm. She was at least forty, with skin as leathery as the Sergeant who had assembled them. Still, Colm had made his passes at her. In their months of marching, all he had gotten in return was a nasty array of scowles.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 amped in that desolate place for five months, more than long enough for their twenty thousand white canvas tents to become so thickly matted grey with grime that Colm Triton mistook them for massive rocks strewn about by a landslide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What am i doing...\u8221\'94 he muttered as he crested the last foothill. From there he could see the Mud Legion\u8217\'92s camp in its entirety; a city unto itself.\~ People everywhere, headed to and fro. Soldiers, families, a whole network of eager merchant stalls. Thousands upon thousands of cattle grazing in the shadow of the northern range. Buildings too, perhaps a thousand of them, worked up against each other, stilted and shanty. It had the makings of a metropolis. Present, even, was the stupefying haze of smoke and stink and clamour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Colm let it wash over him in a nostalgic embrace.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A proper writhing mass of humanity. Perhaps a hundred thousand.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He inhaled deeply and let the seasoned vapors fill his lungs before letting loose a contented sigh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Glory to the Empire,\u8221\'94 he whispered.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could sense opportunity nestled in every nook and cranny of that sprawling micro-nation. All thoughts of woe and dread were driven from his mind in an instant. As if sharing Colm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rapture, Trim said aside, \u8220\'93The orcs don\u8217\'92t stand a chance. Not a chance!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes boy! Not a chance!\u8221\'94 shouted the Sergeant in reply as he hopped up on the back of one of their carts so that the troop could eye him neatly.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Men!\u8221\'94 he shouted, drawing the rest of the troop to attention. The sergeant was a man\u8217\'92s man and his voice bellowed with vigor. Went by the name of Burgh. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re nearly to the front. Once we're through the checkpoint, I\u8217\'92ll drop you off with the rest of the muster while I go fetch our orders. I\u8217\'92ll also see to getting you a key for that thing on your neck,\u8221\'94 he said, motioning to the ex-priest next to Colm. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be back with ya\u8217\'92ll by nightfall, so get a fire going. Also, some good news,\u8221\'94 he held up a white slip and flagged it back and forth. \u8220\'93A barrel of beer on arrival, courtesy of the General Elect.\u8221\'94 At that a few cheers went up, and Burgh passed the slip off to his corporal. \u8220\'93Jan here is in charge of it. Don\u8217\'92t give him any beef. Save it for the enemy. And don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 he paused for effect, staring down a few of the more troublesome men, skipping over Colm, \u8220\'93I repeat - do not -\~ get mixed up in anything unsavory. If my ass gets chewed out, your ass gets torn up. So. Orders tonight. Ration the booze till I get back - might have marching sticks on the morrow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that there was a collective groan, but Burgh just laughed as he hopped off the wagon.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here, the onslaught of the orc was a daily affair, but the legion did well to hold its ground behind their massive palisade wall. Stake by stake they tried to advance the wall to the western valley entrance and secure access to the Vand, but progress was uneven. Two steps forward in one spot meant two steps back in another. The orc were too numerous. Slay one and another seemed to apparate out of the fog, or rise from the very earth all caked in mud and blood to nip at your tendons. Even the rocks seemed alive with the chattering squeal of orc-gibber. It was whispered through the ranks that to battle against this foe was to battle against the Way of Nature itself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Vand belongs to the orc, it always has, and that\u8217\'92s how it\u8217\'92s meant to be.\u8221\'94 Some men would nod and agree, but there was never time for discontent to take hold - too present was their task, too deadly their enemy. At any moment a band of bloodbeasts and berserkers might spawn at the foot of the wall and threaten to chew a gap in the timber wide enough to unmake the whole Mud Legion.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suffice to say, it was not a good place to be. The Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s elite Yarmukan Guards would have struggled to keep their heads on their shoulders, yet much of the Mud Legion were soldiers in name only; those on stake-watch were barely fifteen years old, hairless balls and all, fitting into their lamellar like lambs in wolf skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stake crews had the worst of it. These were the men tasked with mounting pockets of stakes beyond the wall, patterning them that they might be defended with bowshot, and connecting them with wall-proper when possible. In this way the wall was meant to blob westward, and it was damnable work - but there was hazard pay, highest for the shovelers, who had only their shovel to defend themselves. Their spears had been taken away by orders of the presiding General Elect, Binganham, in the hopes that they might \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Spend less time fighting and more time digging.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got a five volley count until the orc reaches you,\u8221\'94 Binganham would shout during the stake crew drills, \u8220\'93And by that time you better have dug the hole and planted the stake, or you'll all likely be killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From his commanding heights Binganham understood that tactical speed, not force, was the only way his wall was going to reach the western side. He drilled the stake crews relentlessly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Emperor won\u8217\'92t save you lads, God-King he may be. I sure as hell won\u8217\'92t save you. Your egress crews might save you, but they\u8217\'92re as likely to get pricked by an orc needle as anyone. Get this stake mounted and be back up the rope in a whisper-click and you live. Plus, a barrel of booze to the crew that plants the most stakes each day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In this way, when a particularly gaunt orc jumped into a trench filled with shovelling legionnaires, he was not seeking to disrupt the extension of the palisade wall, nor did he seek a glorious death of the body, he sought the death of his mind - a subtle but powerful distinction, for once the flesh is dead the fighting is done, but once madness takes hold, and Comprehension gained, he becomes a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Kharmisar\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91one who thinks in blood.\u8217\'92\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pek Morgash Gra!\u8221\'94 screamed a mighty orc beast as he swung his cleaver at the shaft of Rhyn\u8217\'92s spear, trying to break it as it lay stuck in the belly of an orc rider. Instinctively Rhyn tried to twist the spear out of the felling arc, but the orc moved like lightning and Rhyn pulled free only a splintered haft.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had already lost his rondel dagger to the mud. Now with only a heater shield, he was at his end. The beast in front of him was a monster. A full seven feet - taller than any orc he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d yet seen. Skinny like a basketball player.Silhouette aginst the fires of battle.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rhyn cast a sideways glance in desparate hope of relief, but in the dark of night he could see nothing. His only hope was to\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With practiced speed and agility he\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mid battle - shit is going down}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Orc horn, orcs pull away.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Men transition to pillar movement}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Go from fighting to keep watch}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls4\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 sees body twitching}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 lets go help}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\cb4\highlight4 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 what the fuck it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s colm.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -\~ dude tried to kill himself}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - welp, lets send the fucker back.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0 he shade of tall treaes stunts new growth.s}
\par\plain {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only the darkest pit of night but respite. It was then that all orc aggression ceased, in ritual adherence to some profane principal. It was in these few hours that the soldiers of the Mud Legion were at their busiest, inching their wall pilar by pillar further up the pass. Their objective was their only true law: establish a foothold for the Empire in orclands.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conversation between priest and Fresnel about morality - good vs. evil. Priest goes, just as apple is red and my boots are black, I am a righteous man!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An apple is red eh? Feely, fetch me a Squitzer and a dropcloth.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lights the candle, holds up the drop cloth against the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tell me, what color would you choose to paint the fee. Green? Surely not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is green by the light of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the light of day is not here. Here there is only the squitzer. And by the light of the squitzer the apple is red. Not green. The apple is red.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it is green.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look green to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Daylight is God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light. It is clean light - natural light - not this candle youve corrupted to spew this bloody color.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 2 : Pyetle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The poet Mandrameen believed that the empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s religions were all distortions of the Truth, but even so, they were our only way to access it. As such, he taught that any honest seeker of theTruth must be a practitioner of all religions. For this he built an analogy out of the famous Library of Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If an artist were locked inside and wanted to paint a perfectly accurate picture of the marble Pillar of Saulistides which stands out in the garden, the artist must look through the building\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s windows to see it - windows whose glass was fogged and warped with age. In the one window pane, the pillar would appear stretched. In another it would seem waved. In yet another it was so curved that the friezes of Saulistedes\u8217\'92 armies which wrapped around the marble seemed to climb up into the sky. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since each window pane distorted the Pillar in its own peculiar way, it would be a mistake for the artist to paint their picture using only the information gleaned from a single view. The artist should instead move from window to window, from distortion to distortion, averaging out the truth of the Pillar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shape from the lies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was how Mandrameen practiced religion - by moving from one religion to another, averaging out the true shape of Reality from ancient myths so distorted with age. He would consider them together, and start with their similarities instead of their differences. From this exercise he found what he believed was the core of every religion: a story to explain the existence and nature of suffering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Cult of the Dreamer, for example, believed that all suffering is caused by nightmares that emerge from the minds of those who still sleep in the Waking Dream. Only those who recognize the Dream for what it is - a fabrication or an illusion - can achieve Lucidity and escape these nightmares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Soleans believed that we were created by their gods to be slaves. Suffering comes into play because Sol and his mistress Luna intentionally created us with certain particular deficiencies which keep us angry at each other instead of angry at gods themselves. Chief among these faults were an abundance of lust (Libis), innate love for those who are kin and hatred for those who are not (Paroch), and an insatiable desire to improve our own personal status (Egos). Even kings are never happy with what they have and who they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re fucking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Kalemites believed that we were once a link in the Great Chain of Being, once part of an indistinguishable whole. However, the profane lure of individuality caught a hold of one of the Number, and so this misguided soul severed its link to the Chain, spawning all life on earth, dooming us and the animals to loneliness, to an existence where our minds can never touch one another\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, to a state of being where it is possible to be lost, forgotten, and unloved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In all this, Mandrameen believed, was something of the true shape of Reality: whether it be by accident or intention, we were designed to suffer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cynic Seculla was not impressed. She thought that Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wide study of religions was biased towards those that survived. Her calculus was simple: any religion which might preach that Paradise is here and that Peace is now would be trampled underfoot by the hordes of the suffering and damned, for they demand answers and atonement for their troubles, and a religion which preaches contentment with the present cannot give it.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She quoted the difficulty that priests of the Dreamer had in converting the isolated tribe of Het. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They cannot see through the eyes of the Dreamer for they are not plagued by His nightmares,\u8221\'94 one priest wrote. \u8220\'93Here, food is plenty. War is absent. They spend their days swimming, fishing, and building houses high in the trees. They are happy\u8230\'85 they simply do not understand.\u8221\'94 Two of the priests sent to convert this tribe abandoned their frocks and took up wives in that Hetian village. This was proof, to Seculla at least, that suffering was not an intrinsic part of the human condition. It comes from somewhere else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whether or not she is correct is a matter for theologians and philosophers. For common folk, like Pyetle, it does not matter from whence suffering comes, only that it comes too often. When his business began to fail, and when his wife took a lover, he could not console himself with thoughts of happy Hetian villagers. The only thing that could tear his mind from the look on his wife\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face as she pleaded for him to stay, was the rainstorm that caught him drunk in the streets of Jeket. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sol had conjured this whipping rain just to torment him, he thought. What other purpose could there be for a storm so fierce and so far out of season? Surely, it was a joke of the Gods. As Pyetle staggered and slipped along the cobbled street of the Sauline Hill, the high center of the city, he cursed Sol and all His Creation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This, and this, and this, and this,\u8221\'94 he muttered, counting his sufferings. The drink kept his blood warm and his legs moving, though he was not headed anywhere in particular. When he reached the quarried cliff of the hill, he sat down. From there he could see the city of Jeket in all its splendor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eight wide boulevards  spread out from the Hill in the eight directions, and they stretched far across the river plain. From these branched roads, and from these branched alleys, all ordered and angled according to the symmetry found in the Solar Fern, the plant which grows all along the banks of the Jade River. Flat and square mud brick tenements sprouted out from these stems, and scurrying amongst them were tiny specks of people. They seemed like blackflies, jumping from leaf to stem to leaf, tending to the needs of the plant which gave them shelter and life, suckling at the fruits of their labors:  The clay Pyramid of Larat. The roofless columns of the Temple of the Dreamer. The sky-eyed domes of the Solean pantheon. Each was more magnificent than the last. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The most grand of them all, the massive granite walls which ringed the city, were distant enough from Pyetle that they seemed small. From there, a patchwork of farms and canals stretched to the banks of the Jade River, then continued on from the other side to the horizon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 High above these distant fields, massive anvil-head thunderstorms lumbered like giants, walking on misty columns of rain. Their hearts rumbled with thunder, and their bodies blocked out the sun. All was grey save for the yellow sliver of a horizon, but that was enough to fleck the river, the canals, and flooded fields with gold. Even the rippling puddles at Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet sparkled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was beautiful. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beautiful - just not meant for him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jeket. The world. This beauty - no place in it for Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck it,\u8221\'94 he said to himself as the rain beat his back and the cold began to creep in. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not worth it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took the knife that he had just bought out of his pocket, unsheathed it, and cupped it's blade in the palm of his hand. It was an exquisite piece, as a thousand specks of tin had been hammered into the cherry hilt, forming a twisting, wind-like pattern. The blade itself was so finely polished that he could see his reflection in it. He could see how his eyes were red and witless, how his nose was runny, and how his cheeks were sunk and sallow. He looked older than he expected, with wrinkles and furrows and sun-spot blemishes. Older than he felt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sight of his aged self transformed his feelings of despair and shame into anger, as it made visceral the notion that he had wasted his years of youth and vigor, that he had already played his hand and had lost, beaten by Nature, the Gods, and greedier, cleverer men. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stabbed at the puddle with his knife, then he stood up, turned his back on this privileged vista, set his shoulder against the wind and rain, and made his way to Salavan Saran\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house to kill the man who had ruined his life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After that, he had only to decide how he wanted to die, for he had decided against killing himself. A better way would be to wander down one of the thief infested alleys near the Heberdee Gate. One final stab in the back would be a more fitting end.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, my friend! Come in, come in,\u8221\'94 said Salavan Saran with a smile. He was a huge man, tall and rotund, clad in a yellow robe replete with roses embroidered in pink. He beckoned Pyetle past his guards and onto his covered stoop and out of the rain. \u8220\'93I was beginning to wonder if you were coming,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Marta and the girls are out, so it\u8217\'92s just us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope Marta was able cook a little something before she left,\u8221\'94 said Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes, I told her you were on the way,\u8221\'94 Sal said with a chuckle. \u8220\'93She finished a few potstickers before she left, just for you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your wife is Divine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed she is. And how is Claire?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle paused and removed his sandals, then stuck his feet out into the rain to wash them of mud. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I took her to the Fordwell the other day,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah yes, I recall; you said you two were having some issues. Did your little sojourn through nature have the desired effect?\u8221\'94 Sal asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see,\u8221\'94 said Sal as he gave little Pyetle a practiced but insincere look of concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The little man was a pitiful sight, so drenched and drunk as he was, with his skinny neck seeming barely able to support his weary head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re soaking,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, \u8220\'93Let me get you a towel and some clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, that\u8217\'92s fine, I won\u8217\'92t won\u8217\'92t be long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I insist,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, then clapped his hands and a servant boy rushed out with some dry towels and a simple white tunic. Pyetle followed the boy into a washroom, dried and changed, then came out into the main hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if an honored position on the Sauline Hill were not enough, Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s home was nearly as large and as tall as any other in Jeket, and its opulence was second to none. It had cost Sal three siver-strings of imported lumber just to burn enough lime to make enough plaster to coat the massive walls. The rare paints for the fresco that wrapped around the open-roofed atrium took another fortune more - though it was worth it, for it was a magnificent work of art, in skill and in subject. It depicted Sol at the very moment of his apotheosis. The sun-god wore a beatific smile, clearly pleased with the sight of his blade jutting out from his father\u8217\'92s chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To business then!\u8221\'94 Salavan exclaimed as he appeared from behind Pytele, clapping him on the back and guiding him up to the second floor, where dinner awaited. As they took the stairs, Salavan tried to prepare Pyetle with some flattering remarks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, you know I\u8217\'92ve been impressed with how you\u8217\'92ve handled things, considering the circumstances. Lesser men would have folded a year ago, but you\u8217\'92ve persisted. I value that in a partner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It couldn\u8217\'92t have been more perfect,\u8221\'94 Pyetle lamented.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As soon as we stepped foot in the Fordwell, she must\u8217\'92ve said, \u8216\'91So beautiful\u8217\'92 at least twenty times.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I see. Business can wait, I suppose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol could have descended in a cloud right then and there to give me his blessing. I mean it was a beautiful day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, so is today,\u8221\'94 said Sal as they came up to the second floor with its high windows that offered a stunning view of the city. Protected from the rain as they were, it was all so calm and soothing. Sol himself hung just above the western horizon, peeking through the clouds, a resplendent golden orb, almost winking at them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The furnishings of Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s second story were muted and tasteful so as to pick up Sol\u8217\'92s light instead of overwhelm it. Here the floor was covered in massive rugs that were subtly patterned and white and trimmed with glittering gold ropes, so that they served as giant picture frames for the colors that Sol threw upon them. There were pillows upon pillows for comfort, with gold tassels and ivory lace threading them together. In one corner the floor had been carved out to accommodate a hefty hotstone, heated by the kitchen below, and it was already portioned with meats. At the sides of the stone were reclining chairs made of rope strung into angled ebony frames. Pyetle sighed as he reclined into his, then munched on a potsticker that he had pulled from the hotstone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Claire has been the hardest bit for me,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said in between bites. \u8220\'93The losses, the caravans, the thieves, I can handle those. But her\u8230\'85 I invested myself into her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two aren\u8217\'92t separating are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She was cheating on me, Salavan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pyetle eyed Salavan warily, trying to catch some degree of recognition or hint of worry. But Salavan was a master of his emotions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, you\u8217\'92re in a tragic spot and I\u8217\'92m sorry for that,\u8221\'94 Sal said as he lit up a wrap of freeweed before settling into his chair. \u8220\'93But, I\u8217\'92ve got to be honest - I can\u8217\'92t relate to what you are going through. I\u8217\'92ve heard stories of loves-lost and loves-lorn and I\u8217\'92ve tasted it a little, but, well you know that Marta and I were kids when we were married.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 Sal said before taking a long drag from his wrap, \u8220\'93I can give you financial and business advice, but what you need right now, I can\u8217\'92t give it to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pyetle bit into another potsticker, and he savored the sweet peach sauce in which the shredded chicken had been baked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is so good. If only I could steal Marta from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are certainly welcome to try,\u8221\'94 Sal said, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose I would fail.\u8221\'94 Pyetle moaned. \u8220\'93It seems the only time I've really been shown intimacy is when I pay for it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s this face. This damned body. Like my father\u8217\'92s - I don\u8217\'92t understand how he ever got a woman to stick with him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your father was richer than I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8220\'93 Pyetle asserted, eager not to be distracted from his endgame. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sal took another drag from his wrap before continuing on to his point. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just settle for a woman that will have you for your money. You\u8217\'92ve not got much of it left, but any little bit of money has a way of motivating a person to look deeper into a Being. First she\u8217\'92ll have you for your money, and I trust, in time, she\u8217\'92ll have you for you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been married to Claire for 13 years, Sal. You\u8217\'92re saying I should move on already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Sal leaned back in his ornamented chair and folded his hands across his stomach and sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve spent your whole life getting what you want in the way that you want it, Pyetle, except this one thing. You\u8217\'92re spoiled - no, that\u8217\'92s not fair - You\u8217\'92re stubborn. Women of consequence, women like Claire, they pick up on that as soon as you open your mouth. No one wants to be stuck with a stubborn ass for a lifetime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sal had expected Pyetle to leap into defence of his character, as he usually did whenever Sal got in a personal jab. The flippancy was disturbing. Sal looked down his nose at Pyetle, and in the flickering firelight he caught the glimmer of tears streaking down his face. He looked away in disgust, and caught sight of the horizon. There, Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light was dimming, the rain was letting up, and through it he could make out the evening song of Swassel birds drifting in on a cool breeze. The mood would have been delightful if it weren\u8217\'92t for Pyetle\u8217\'92s downer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have some freeweed,\u8221\'94 Sal demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, I may not know your kind of sorrow, but I\u8217\'92ve had my share of sorrow in general, and a wrap of freeweed blunts its edge. It\u8217\'92s the only thing I can offer you. Take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pyetle wiped his eyes with the palm of his hand and tried to compose himself before taking a wrap from the tray near him. He then stood up to light it in the fire that burned above the hotstone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think this is it for me,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he rolled the tip of the wrap in the flame. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m done. I\u8217\'92m finally done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Sal asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to make me say it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say what? You\u8217\'92re giving up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab Pyetle simply smiled, turned his chair to face Salavan, and sat back down to nurse his freeweed and glare at Salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92ve considered all alternatives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alternatives...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever get to hear old Pella Germin speak?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t go in for that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I heard her preach once. She said that we are expected to kill ourselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did she?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She said something like, \u8216\'91Corruption is a stain that does not wash off. To be free of it, to achieve peace, you must first kill yourself.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were there when she preached this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was. For a while I marked it as the ravings of a common Dreamer, especially considering what came of her. But, in time, I saw some wisdom in it. Perhaps I put the wisdom there, but it felt like I found it. So tell me, have you tried killing yourself? Figuratively, I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what that means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess it means, try living for a little bit as if Pyetle Pernderser were dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a bit heretical, even for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no. Follow me here. From this moment on, Pyetle is dead, and residing inside }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 this fleshy vessel is\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 whatever you want to put in there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it were possible... I would like to rip out my heart. But I don\u8217\'92t think it works that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Sal leaned forward. The freeweed was working its energy into him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your broken heart is there because you put it there. Pyetle put it there. If you kill Pyetle, he can no longer stop you from throwing away his treasure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I put it there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! You have to accept that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was thinking it was Claire who put it there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only because you let her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was also thinking you put it there, Sal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me?\u8221\'94 Salavan asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Weren\u8217\'92t you the one who was fucking her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face contorted into a quizzical look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what she told you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I gathered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, you\u8217\'92re so goddamned stupid. You\u8217\'92ve been running from responsibility your whole life and now that it\u8217\'92s catching up to you... You\u8230\'85 Ah, you came to kill me, didn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pyetle reached into his tunic for his knife, but it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there. He had left it in wet clothes downstairs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You did, didn\u8217\'92t you! I was wondering about this - \u8221\'94 Salavan held up Pyetle\u8217\'92s knife. \u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re one of those loony Dreamers who never travel armed, and so I wondered. But I thought you were just trying to kill yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pyetle gulped his fears in. The prospect of losing even this final encounter terrified him even more than whatever painful plans Salavan had in store.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab  Salavan stood up out of his chair, and moved towards Pyetle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m impressed, Pyetle. Perhaps now your eyes are being opened to the potential that lies in your still beating heart. Perhaps now you realize the Will of your own Being. No doubt at some point in your miserable life you\u8217\'92ve tasted it. Perhaps it was the thought of something you could do, something you wanted to do, but wouldn\u8217\'92t dare, because what kind of a man would do such a thing?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan grabbed Pyetle, then threw him down to the ground. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you dream of, Pyetle?\u8221\'94 Salavan shouted as he used his great bulk to wrestle Pyetle\u8217\'92s flailing limbs into submission. It wasn\u8217\'92t difficult considering Pyetle\u8217\'92s drunken stupor. \u8220\'93Was it a great and terrible crime? A radical act of charity?\u8221\'94 Salavan put the knife up hard against Pyetle\u8217\'92s throat, and his large weight squeezed the air from his lungs. \u8220\'93You chew on your Will in your dreams and here at death\u8217\'92s door you\u8217\'92ve tried to let it out, but it\u8217\'92s gotten stuck, and what\u8217\'92s this, it\u8217\'92s welling up in your throat.\u8221\'94 Salavan began to choke Pyetle with his heavy hand, and Pyetle gasped for air. \u8220\'93Yes, I can see it! Hah! I can see it there inside of you now!\u8221\'94 Salavan held the knife up to Pyetle\u8217\'92s mouth as the little man kicked. \u8220\'93Yes! What is about to happen here is a great crime - but it\u8217\'92s yours! When you pass on into the Hellespont, that should be your final thought, that you let it come to this, you let your Will stagnate, and here I am,\u8221\'94 Salavan declared, \u8220\'93about to take it from you. Because I can!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Before Salavan could plunge the knife into Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat, an arrow whizzed in pierced his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93EAAAUUUGHHH!\u8221\'94 Salavan screamed, dropping the knife. Pyetle pulled himself out from under Sal\u8217\'92s weight, and wriggled up against the wall. There at the window was a man, a giant man, massive even when compared to Salavan, yet lanky and coordinated. In his hand was a bow that was nearly as tall as he.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thief! Brigand!\u8221\'94 Salavan yelled, clutching at his pierced hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Scream all you like, Salavan,\u8221\'94 said the giant at the window. \u8220\'93None of your house is alive to hear you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan went silent, then scrambled to his feet and ran towards the stairs, but he stopped when he saw that it was blocked by another dark figure. Sal stumbled backwards, then turned and faced the intruder with defiance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take what you will and be gone!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The giant just laughed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I plan to. But first, do you know who I am?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan eyed the man up and down to get his measure. A man of such stature could only be the famous Giant of the Junei. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re Ayram. We\u8217\'92ve done business.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve recently done business,\u8221\'94 the giant pointed out, \u8220\'93and you didn\u8217\'92t hold up your end of the bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The information you gave the go-between was bad. My people -\u8221\'94 he said, nodding to whoever was at the stairs, \u8220\'93have got it in their heads that you set us up.\u8221\'94 Salavan looked behind him, and a short, squat figure all wrapped in black came up the stairs, blade drawn, pointed at Salavan\u8217\'92s ass. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!?\u8221\'94 Salavan exclaimed. \u8220\'93I never would - why would I do that!? I\u8217\'92ve nothing to gain by doing that. There\u8217\'92s only the-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 the giant interrupted. \u8220\'93I was thinking the same, Sal. Getting me to pick off your competitors is certainly more valuable than anything the Empire could offer you. So there\u8217\'92s got to be something deeper going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you don\u8217\'92t. It could be that someone funneled bad information to you, knowing you would funnel it to me. In which case, where did you get the information from.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know that I\u8217\'92m the exchequer for the mining guild. I have access to all of the -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t a mining column, Sal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was a column of Imperial cavalry, Sal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Sal asked, before letting out a shrill \u8220\'93EAUGGHH\u8221\'94 as the short figure behind him prodded in between his buttcheeks with his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea what you\u8217\'92re -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you do! You knew there was a Mensan among them, didn\u8217\'92t you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but do you know anymore. Don\u8217\'92t lie to me. I\u8217\'92ll know if you\u8217\'92re lying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burning Gods, bless this stupid man with light.\u8221\'94 Grabs him by the shoulders. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, Pyetle, you\u8217\'92re right. No one - and I do mean no one - cares about you. If you kill yourself tomorrow, the rest of us here will be back in our routines within a month. For me, your memory will bring a pang of ill-humor now and then, but I\u8217\'92ll muddle through. So do it. Kill yourself. But do it in such a way that your corporeal body can be used for something greater. If you hollow out your Being you might even become an instrument for the Divine. Offer your body up as a tool for the Gods if you\u8217\'92ve no more use for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Closter Germin taught this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gods, man!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Sal released Pyelte. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Life has put you on a path, Pyetle. Unfair as it may be, it does not lead to the Plenitude. I just think you owe it to yourself, this one final }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}