{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 for the taking away of all profane and heathenish superstitions and the deterring of the vulgar sort from all wakes, may games, dancings, mummings, and baking of Morgan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bread, heretofore used about the fountain called in vanity Merlin\u8217\'92s Well, and utterly to be renounced and abominated as a gallimaufrey of papistry, gentilism, lewdness and dunsicall folly}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marry, Sirs, if Merlin who was the Devil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s son was a true King\u8217\'92s man as ever ate bread, is it not a shame that you, being but the sons of bitches, must be rebels and regicides?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of this I thought of, lying beside Merlin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Well, beside the well which must certainly date from Merlin\u8217\'92s time if there had ever been a real Merlin: lying where Sir Kenelm Digby had lain all one summer night and seen a certain strange appearance: where Collins the poet had lain, and where George the Third had cried: where the brilliant and much-loved Nathaniel Fox had composed the famous poem three weeks before he was killed in France. The air was so still and the billows of foliage so heavy above me, that I fell asleep. I was wakened by my friend hallooing to me from a long way off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A great deal more was said, but the Bursar remained unanswered, the matter was postponed, and when, at quarter to two, the Fellows came surging out of the Soler for lunch, hungry and headachy and ravenous for tobacco, every junior had it fixed in his mind that a new wall for the Wood and a rise in his own stipend were strictly exclusive alternatives. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That darn Wood has been in our way all morning,\u8221\'94 said one. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not out of it yet,\u8221\'94 answered another.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some minor retrenchments and reinvestments which he suggested were unanimously approved and the College adjourned for tea in a chastened mood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was not till six o\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92clock that all the converging lines of thought and feeling aroused by the earlier business came together upon the question of selling Bragdon Wood. It was not called, \u8220\'93the sale of Bragdon Wood.\u8221\'94 The Bursar called it the \u8220\'93sale of the area colored pink on the plan which, with the Warden\u8217\'92s permission, I will now pass round the table.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then quite suddenly he spread out his hands with a gesture of helplessness, shrunk back, and began laboriously to resume his chair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 come before a field of bones - must hve been a skeleton army!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~By dint of saying that the College needed \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93new blood\u8221\'94 and must be shaken out of its \u8220\'93academic grooves,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 If the idea \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feverstone will think all the more of you for showing your teeth\u8221\'94 had occurred to him in so many words, he would probably have rejected it as servile; but it didn\u8217\'92t.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I agree with you,\u8221\'94 said Feverstone to Mark, \u8220\'93but then I take the Clausewitz view. Total war is the most humane in the long run. I shut him up instantaneously. Now that he\u8217\'92s got over the shock, he\u8217\'92s quite enjoying himself because I\u8217\'92ve fully confirmed everything he\u8217\'92s been saying about the Younger Generation for the last forty years. What was the alternative? To let him drivel on until he\u8217\'92d worked himself into a coughing fit or a heart attack, and give him in addition the disappointment of finding that he was treated civilly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s all rot, Dick,\u8221\'94 said Curry as they sat down. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing I should like better than to see the end of all these Diehards and obstructionists and be able to get on with the job. You don\u8217\'92t suppose I\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 like}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~having to spend all my time merely getting the road clear?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mark noticed that his host was a little nettled at Lord Feverstone\u8217\'92s banter. The latter had an extremely virile and infectious laugh. Mark felt he was beginning to like him.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mark, who had never seen Curry baited before, was beginning to enjoy himself.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All that\u8217\'92s very well in theory,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93but I think Curry\u8217\'92s quite right. Supposing he resigned his office as Sub-Warden and retired into his cave. He might give us a thundering good book on economics\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Economics?\u8221\'94 said Feverstone lifting his eyebrows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I happen to be a military historian, James,\u8221\'94 said Curry.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {The good wine was beginning to do its good office. We have all known the kind of clergyman who tends to forget his clerical collar after the third glass; but Busby\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s habit was the reverse. It was after the third glass that he began to remember his collar. As wine and candlelight loosened his tongue, the parson still latent within him after thirty years\u8217\'92 apostasy began to wake into a strange galvanic life.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Mark was silent. The giddy sensation of being suddenly whirled up from one plane of secrecy to another, coupled with the growing effect of Curry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s excellent port, prevented him from speaking.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You,\u8221\'94 said Feverstone, \u8220\'93would be absolutely wasted as Warden. That\u8217\'92s the job for Curry. He\u8217\'92ll do it very well. You want a man who loves business and wire-pulling for their own sake and doesn\u8217\'92t really ask what it\u8217\'92s all about. If he did, he\u8217\'92d start bringing in his own\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well, I suppose he\u8217\'92d call them \u8216\'91ideas.\u8217\'92 As it is, we\u8217\'92ve only got to tell him that he thinks so-and-so is a man the College wants, and he }{\f0\fs24\i1 will}{ think it. And then he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll never rest till so-and-so gets a fellowship. That\u8217\'92s what we want the College for: a drag net, a recruiting office.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no evidence. The murderer is a respectable Cambridge don with weak eyes, a game leg, and a fair beard. He\u8217\'92s dined in this College.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 testicles torsion every time he squeaks.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Utter chariacture of the scientific mind}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quite simple and obvious things, at first\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sterilization of the unfit, liquidation of backward races (we don\u8217\'92t want any dead weights), selective breeding. Then real education, including prenatal education. By real education I mean one that has no \u8216\'91take-it-or-leave-it\u8217\'92 nonsense. A real education makes the patient what it wants infallibly: whatever he or his parents try to do about it. Of course, it\u8217\'92ll have to be mainly psychological at first. But we\u8217\'92ll get on to biochemical conditioning in the end and direct manipulation of the brain .\~.\~.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not imagine,\u8221\'94 said Mr. Straik, \u8220\'93that I indulge in any dreams of carrying out our program without violence. There will be resistance. They will gnaw their tongues and not repent. We are not to be deterred. We face these disorders with a firmness which will lead traducers to say that we have desired them. Let them say so. In a sense we have. It is no part of our witness to preserve that organization of ordered sin which is called Society. To that organization the message which we have to deliver is a message of absolute despair.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With every thought and vibration of my heart, with every drop of my blood,\u8221\'94 said Mr. Straik, \u8220\'93I repudiate that damnable doctrine. That is precisely the subterfuge by which the World, the organization and body of Death, has sidetracked and emasculated the teaching of Jesus, and turned into priestcraft and mysticism the plain demand of the Lord for righteousness and judgment here and now. The Kingdom of God is to be realized here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in this world. And it will be. At the name of Jesus every knee shall bow. In that name I dissociate myself completely from all the organized religion that has yet been seen in the world.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {P 77 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 And that is why I find myself joining with communists and materialists and any one else who is really ready to expedite the coming.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}