{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The Congo is said to be fifteen miles wide at the mouth--from hills to hills; but it does not look so wide because of the islands and mangrove swamps that hinder a clear view of the whole width, and narrow one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vision to the channel in which you are steaming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From my position I had an easy view of the deck of our small steamer. There were only two white men on board--a captain and an engineer; the former was a short man, who never spoke without swearing, and never gave an order without punching or kicking one of the black crew. He had a large rubicund nose, hideously coloured by frequent applications to the bottles that were always on his table. He was privately nicknamed by his crew as Red-nose, and was thoroughly feared and hated by them all. Many of them were slaves and could not get away from him, and others had contracted for one or two years\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 service, and if they ran away they would have lost their pay; but notwithstanding this some did escape, preferring loss of pay to constant brutal treatment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 On reaching mid-channel I could see that the trading-houses of Banana were built on a narrow tongue of sand, having on one side the Atlantic Ocean constantly rolling and sometimes madly rushing as though it desired to tear the very tongue out of the mouth of the river; and on the other side the gentle lap, lap of a back current of the river itself.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 pulling up the whitebait thus caught, laid them on the rocks to dry}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Others made small fences by the river\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bank about eighteen inches apart and three feet long, and into these they put small scoop-shaped nets, and drew up the small fish that had passed between the fences.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The men soon had some fires lighted along the beach, and saucepans of food boiling on them, and pieces of meat roasting in the ashes. Groups gathered round the fires, and after a hearty meal of rice, ship-biscuits and meat, they became very talkative, and soon started asking riddles. Some of these riddles I still remember after all these\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 9}{\f0\fs24\b0 changeful years; and I will try to tell you a few of them.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I went to a strange town, and they gave me one-legged fowls to eat.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 This one also was too difficult for them to guess, and after many attempts Semo had to give the answer, viz.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Mushrooms}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Ralph Waldo Emerson}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Soon after this the talk became general, and gradually died away as one by one they rolled themselves in their mats and went to sleep, leaving the fires brightly burning to throw out warmth to the sleepers and to frighten away hippopotami, crocodiles and sundry other creatures.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 During the night the snorting of hippopotami could be heard as they gambolled in the shallow water near the bank; and occasionally the switch of a crocodile became audible as it hurried by in search of food for its cruel but never-satiated jaws; many noises also came from the dark forest just beyond the settlement, that filled the night with weirdness and made the first glow of dawn welcome to men, birds and beasts.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Just opposite the store door was a large image, gaudily coloured and grotesquely ugly. It was a fetish}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html#f6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~that the white man had bought of a native \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93medicine man,\u8221\'94 and had placed it there in the store to frighten the natives and deter them from stealing. Of course it was no use, for the natives knew that no \u8220\'93medicine man\u8221\'94 would sell a real fetish to the white man, consequently it did not overawe them, nor keep them from thieving when they had the opportunity.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I had not been in the store many days when the box in which I was packed was carried out and handed over to some natives who had brought some tusks of ivory and rubber to the white trader\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 3for sale. From what I heard it had taken them a long time to settle the price; but directly that had been agreed upon they quickly selected their goods, viz. forty pieces of assorted cloth, ten barrels of gunpowder, fifteen flintlock guns, one box of brass rods, two demijohns or large bottles of rum, five cases of gin, and some common looking-glasses, knives, beads and various other trinkets.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pish!\u8221\'94 exclaimed the old man, \u8220\'93the white men are cheats! They put heavy pieces of iron under their scales to rob us; they put lumps of stuff in their measures to rob us; they give beads in short numbers to rob us; when we work for them they beat us just before our term is finished so that we may run away without our pay, and when we have carried loads for them they often pretend we have stolen from them so as to have an excuse for not paying us.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The old man had worked himself into a rage as he recalled wrong after wrong; but his voice was drowned in a burst of laughter that came from a group sitting round another fire. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you laughing at?\u8221\'94 he shouted aggressively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not at you, father,\u8221\'94 respectfully answered one of the young men. \u8220\'93We are laughing at what we heard yesterday: A trader had treated his house boys, his people, and his customers very badly for some time, so some of them met together one evening, went to his house, and stripping him of his clothes, they carried him into the bush, and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 6rubbed him well with cow-itch, and then let him go. He had a very bad time; but he has been better to his people since that night.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There was much snapping of fingers and chuckling over this joke played on the white man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For what purpose does the white man buy rubber and ivory?\u8221\'94 asked one of the boys of the old man with the plaited beard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 replied the old man. \u8220\'93When I was a boy we made pestles and trumpets of the ivory, and drumstick knobs with the rubber; but I think the white man only buys rubber and ivory to hide the real reason of his presence in our country.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is that?\u8221\'94 asked the lad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 said the old man, with a knowing look in his black eyes, \u8220\'93the white man does not like the work of making cloth, hence they come to this country to buy up all the bodies of those who die to send to their country to make cloth for them. They preserve the bodies in their stores until there is a good opportunity of sending them away in their steamers; and when these bodies reach Mputu (the white man\u8217\'92s country) the spirits are forced to return to them by the magic of their great \u8216\'91medicine men,\u8217\'92 and then they are compelled to work for them as their slaves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The white men have very strong magic, surpassing\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 7the magic of our people; but if the white men were not here, very few, if any, of our people would die. Why, a friend of mine told me all about it the other day. He said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91In the sea there is a hole,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html#f8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 8]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and the white man goes in his steamer to this hole and rings a bell, and the water sprites push up the end of a piece of cloth, and the white man pulls on it one day, two days, three days, until he has enough cloth, and then he cuts it off and measures it into pieces, and binds it into the bales, as we see in their stores. But before he leaves the hole he throws into it some bodies he has bought in our country.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 Yes, the white men are very wicked, and don\u8217\'92t you have anything to do with them. Why, all your relatives who have died are now, perhaps, slaves in Mputu, and some day you may be the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A thrill of horror went through the gaping crowd as the old man in graphic language and with dramatic gestures told these things. When he had gained his breath he began again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The other day I heard of some exceedingly wicked white men who pretend to tell people about God, white men who will give you medicine if you ask for it, and will teach you in a school how to read and write, and will even take you into their houses and clothe and feed you. Beware of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 8those white men, for they are only trying to secure you, and you will soon die and become their slaves in Mputu. The other white men say: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91We have come for rubber and ivory,\u8217\'92 and we receive plenty of trade goods from them in return for our rubbish; but these very wicked ones say: \u8216\'91We have only come to tell you about the great God, and to help you.\u8217\'92 They are more crafty, cunning and wicked than the others. Keep away from them always, or you will quickly die!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 By the time the old man had finished there was a large circle of horror-stricken natives around him, who, with many a cry of rage and hatred against such evil doings, promised never to go near such wicked wretches as these white men were, and with many an oath they threatened they would kill them if ever they had the opportunity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Just before arriving at the resting-place the head trader unfortunately struck his toes against a stone, and, being very superstitious, he was filled\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 0with horror at the evil omen}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~It was the general subject of conversation as to what this omen predicted. One thought that a wife of the head trader was dead; another suggested that his house and goods were destroyed by fire; and thus they prophesied one evil after another until Satu--the poor fellow who had struck his toes--could hardly rest at the midday halt; and he certainly put on a very woebegone appearance, for he had no doubt some great misfortune had befallen him or was about to happen to him. This fear so played on his mind that he had disturbed sleep and bad dreams that night; and often started out of a nightmare screaming that his sister or his wife was dead, or his house was burnt to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The next day a large town was reached, and Satu sought out the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93medicine man\u8221\'94 there, who was famous through all the countryside for the wonderful power of his fetish, and the charms he made from it. Satu told him how he had struck his toes against a stone, and his fear of the evil omen, and asked the wizard to avert the evil. Some of his companions laughed}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html#f9"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 9]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~at him for wasting his money over such nonsense, while others, who were more superstitious, advised him to fee the wizard well, and thus enlist his power to stave off the threatened mischief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 1This particular \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93medicine man\u8221\'94 had a charm which was called\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Kimbaji-mbaji}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(meaning, to-morrow), and any person who came under its protection could not be harmed because he who wanted to hurt him always put off the carrying out of his evil intentions until to-morrow, and, as you know, to-morrow never comes. The special charm used by this wizard was a shell full of various herbs which had been pounded, mixed and rammed into it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The troubled man took a fowl to the wizard, who killed it and poured some of its blood into the shell, which he then placed on the ground, surrounding it with eight little heaps of gunpowder. After dancing about them for a short time, and chanting an incantation over them, he exploded the powder and blew his whistle vigorously. These ceremonies aroused the charm to work effectively in the postponement of the evil spells that were being used against the man. The wizard received twenty brass rods as his fee; and Satu went on his journey satisfied that the omen could not now work against him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Satu, however, found on his arrival home that the wizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s power was ineffectual in his case, for his brother, the chief of the town, was very ill and nigh unto death. Hence their arrival, instead of being acclaimed with the loud shouting of women\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 2and children, and the firing of many guns, was greeted with the solemn headshakes of the men, the crying of the women, and the beating of drums by the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93medicine men.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The patient was apparently so bad that as a last resort they had called all the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93medicine men\u8221\'94 of the district together in the hope that their combined force would rescue the man from the malignant influence of the evil spirit--the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ndoki}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~that was killing him. All night long they had been drumming, shouting, beating gongs, and parading about the town calling on the evil spirit to desist, but without avail, for the chief was now dying, and Satu had only just arrived in time to receive his brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s last wishes about his property and the names of those who owed him money, and slaves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 All the goods brought from the coast were piled in the chief\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house so that he might gloat with dying eyes on his increased wealth, and curse in strong, passionate language the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ndoki}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~who was causing his death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From my fortunate spy-hole I could with ease view the weird scene. It was a small hut built of grass and sticks tied neatly and securely together. There were two doors, but no windows, and the smoke escaped as best it could through crevices in the walls and roof.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 As the deceased chief was a very great man it was necessary to postpone his burial for a month or two until fitting arrangements for a grand funeral could be conveniently made, otherwise his spirit would not be satisfied, and trouble would follow.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html#f10"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 10]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Moreover, if the chief had been hurriedly buried like an ordinary man, the whole countryside would have accused the family of meanness and selfishness in wanting to keep the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wealth for themselves. Therefore the body was dried, wrapped in a cloth and placed in a hut built for the purpose.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 My new owner was a free-born lad of high spirits, alertness and agility, quick at all games, successful in all kinds of sports; but like many of his seniors, held the women and girls in great contempt except when he wanted a favour, and then he could cajole and flatter them until their eyes sparkled with pleasure and they became his\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 6slaves. He was, however, very superstitious, had many charms tied about his person, and regarded the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93medicine men\u8221\'94 with great awe and admiration. Bakula quite believed that his success in hunting, his smartness at games, and his general good fortune were entirely due to his charms and the regularity with which he made sacrifices to them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The appointed day for the funeral was drawing nigh, so the preparations were pushed on apace. Large quantities of cassava flour}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html#f12"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 12]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~were prepared and an immense number of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 kwanga}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html#f13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 13]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~loaves were bought at the different markets, and demijohns and calabashes of palm-wine were ordered for the three days\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 feasting that were to precede the interment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~The present was supposed to be in proportion to the giver\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s social position. A chief who on account of his importance had received two goats with his invitation would be expected to give three times the value of the goats in cloth, and if he fell short of this he was considered mean; but if he went beyond it he was regarded as a generous, wealthy man, and his name would be in the mouths of all the mourners, and he could strut about puffed out with pride.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This cloth, though given ostensibly \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93to wind round the dead chief,\u8221\'94 was really used to defray the expenses of the feast; and happy was the family which had no crushing debt left at the close of such festivities. Satu carefully noted the value of every gift, and although he could not write, yet at the close of the day he could have told from his well-trained memory the number and quality of every piece of cloth given by any chief.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The guests broke up into groups of from six to ten persons; and each group received a large vessel of smoking vegetables, and another of steaming meat and gravy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At once the fingers were dipped in, and he who could bolt his food the quickest got the largest share of what was going.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html#f14"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 14]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Vessel after vessel was\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 3}{\f0\fs24\b0 0emptied, and stomachs visibly distended in the process; but at last operations became slower and died away in grunts of satisfaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I noticed that the men and boys ate by themselves, and the women and girls by themselves. In fact, it was considered beneath his dignity for a man to eat with a woman; and boys of ten would receive their portion from their mothers and go and eat it with the men. As a rule the women had what was left by the men, or what they could successfully hide from them. During meals little or nothing was said, as each diner thought eating was more important than talking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~In a court of fowls the cockroach never wins his case;\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 i. e.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~the verdict of one race against another is to be received with caution.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 . In the open air they held their receptions, their social meetings, their palavers, their courts of justice, and every other town and domestic function. The houses were simply for sleeping, for storing their goods, and for sitting in on cold, windy, stormy days. There was no privacy about the native manner of living, but everybody knew everything about everybody else, and a little more besides.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A great number of charms and fetishes were to be found in the town, and it seemed as though they had a charm for every imaginable circumstance of life. One man possessed a charm to protect his goods, and another had a charm to help him steal successfully; one owned a charm to bring him good luck in trading, and another wore a charm to aid him in cheating on the markets the folk with whom he traded. One man whom I saw had a charm to render him invisible that he might, unseen, hear conversations, and enter forbidden places to his own advantage; and many had bought charms to keep evil spirits from jumping down their throats.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {What is that?\line It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a charm to guard me from lies.}
\par\plain {Oh thats interesting. Mandri has a charm to aid him in lying.}
\par\plain {I do not!}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 My owner, Bakula, wore many charms about his person. One maintained him in good health,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 3}{\f0\fs24\b0 6another helped him in hunting, a third made him a favourite with the women and girls, and a fourth brought him good luck in his trading transactions with the other folk in the town. On the appearance of every new moon, Bakula would at sunset catch a chicken, and, cutting its toe, drop a little blood on each of his charms to keep them in good humour, or otherwise they would not act on his behalf.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here is a little fowl trying to lay a big egg.\u8221\'94 Such was the effect of this proverb that the pompous man collapsed, whilst his audience chuckled and shook their sides with laughter. And amid the laughter Bakula ran off, and we soon joined a group of young folk who were telling stories round the fire.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 At the close of this story there were many comments on the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92cuteness of the sparrow, and some sage remarks. One little fellow said that, although the sparrow was small, she had more wit and sense than either the big crocodile or the bigger elephant. Therefore we should not despise people because they are small.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They begged Bakula to tell them another story; but he said he could not remember another just then. They, however, pleaded with him, and at\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 4}{\f0\fs24\b0 3last he said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If Tumbu will now tell one of his stories, I will try and recall one of mine by the time he has finished.\u8221\'94 Tumbu, who was sitting at the back, was pushed forward to a place in the centre, near the fire; and as the light from the fire fell on him, it revealed a sad face lit with large, intelligent, but pathetic, eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 When this story ended appreciative remarks were made on the wit of the squirrel, and contempt was poured on the clumsy leopard who so\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 4}{\f0\fs24\b0 8foolishly threw away the verdict given in his favour.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 uring the illness of the deceased chief there was a widespread feeling in the town that some one was bewitching him, and that therefore the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93medicine men\u8221\'94 were unable to cure him. At last one of their wizards stated plainly that a witch was at work destroying their best efforts; and although they tried charms to ward off, and threats to frighten, the witch from pursuing his (or her) wicked purpose, yet their patient continued to grow worse, and at last died. And now that their chief was buried the people demanded that a proper witch-finder should be engaged to seek out the witch.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A great witch-finder was called from a distant town, and on his arrival I noticed that he was a small, active man with keen piercing eyes that seemed to jump from face to face and read the very thoughts of those who stood around.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 He was dressed in the soft skins of monkeys and bush-cats; around his neck was a necklace of rats\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 teeth mixed with the teeth of crocodiles and leopards. His body was decorated with pigments of different colours; thick circles of white surrounded the eyes, a patch of red ran across the forehead, broad stripes of yellow chased each other down the cheeks, bands of red and yellow went up the arms and across the chest, and spots of blue promiscuously filled in the vacant spaces. At the different points of his curious dress were bells that tinkled at every movement. The boys looked at him in deep awe, the girls and women cowered away from him, and the men, though they feared him, greeted him with a simulated friendliness that ill-accorded with their nervousness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The witch-finder (or\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 N gang\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 a N gombo}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) was supposed to find his own way to the town and home of his client; for how could they believe in a man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s occult power to discover a witch if he had not the ability to walk straight, without being shown, to the house of his employer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 To meet this difficulty the witch-finder had one or two apprentices, among whose duties it was to question cautiously the messenger, and to obtain from him all the needed information about the town, house, circumstances attending the death of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 5}{\f0\fs24\b0 1the person, and the relations of the townspeople to one another. If the messenger would not, or could not, give the required knowledge, then the assistant accompanied him back to his town, and, as he went, he dropped at the cross-roads twigs or leaves to guide his master--the witch-finder--right up to the house of his client.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The assistant ferreted out the quarrels of the family employing his master, and their animosities towards each other, or towards one of their number. In every family there is to be found at least one who is the object of the suspicion, jealousy or hatred of the family--the unpopular member; and all the information thus gathered is secretly told to the witch-finder and the disliked person pointed out to him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Presently he elicited the fact that the deceased had had a very bad quarrel with some one, and then he discovered that it was with a man in the town. By crafty questions the witch-doctor narrowed the circle of examination, the people, all excitement, really helping him though quite unaware that they did so; and at last, in a fandango of whirling skins and rotating arms and legs, he brought himself to a standstill in front of one of the men, and accused him of being the person who had bewitched the late chief to death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was the unpopular man, Satu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brother, who was thus publicly declared the witch, and the whole crowd was astonished that they had never thought of him before as the monster who used witchcraft to do his own brother to death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Immediately on the declaration there was a tremendous hubbub of voices; insults were heaped on the accused, he was jostled about, weapons were raised threateningly, and each tried to outvie his neighbour in abusing the denounced man as a proof of his own guiltlessness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Amidst the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 m\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u234\'EAl\u233\'E9e}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~the accused protested his own innocence, and demanding to take the ordeal,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 5}{\f0\fs24\b0 3he ran for his gun}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html#f20"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 20]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to shoot the witch-finder who had, by his false accusation, brought all this trouble on him. But the crafty\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 nganga}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~had received his large fee, and was already well on his way back to his own town. None doubted the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 bona fides}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 nganga}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~except Mavakala, the accused man; and how could he prove his guiltlessness except by voluntarily taking the ordeal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What had Mavakala done to draw such an accusation upon himself? On his brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s death he had cried as long and as loudly as any of them; he had neglected his person, worn old clothes, dressed his hair in mourning fashion, gone unwashed, and had carefully observed all the usual ceremonies of \u8220\'93crying\u8221\'94 for a near relative, and yet they charged him with bewitching his brother to death. Yes, all his neighbours recalled these facts, but they interpreted them now in the light of this serious charge. Of course, he had observed all these rites simply to deceive them. He must have thought them fools to be duped by his proofs and protestations. No, he must take the ordeal, and that quickly, and the ordeal-giver must be sent for immediately. The whole of Mavakala\u8217\'92s family was alienated from him, for was he not accused of the most heinous crime of which a human being can be guilty--witchcraft?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 5}{\f0\fs24\b0 4What had Mavakala done to render himself so fatally unpopular? That evening the declaration of the witch-finder was discussed round all the fires, and as Bakula went from group to group I picked up many items of the indictment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mavakala was an energetic, successful trader, and from each trading journey he came back the richer for his enterprise. They were jealous of his wealth; but among themselves they whispered that his increased riches were really due to witchcraft and not to his ability; and were not their suspicions justified, for was he not now accused of selling his brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse to the white traders?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I heard, too, that Mavakala was a skilled blacksmith, and had made good knives out of odd pieces of hoop iron taken from old cases, and bought, by him, from traders on the river; and had even made hoes and axes out of old bale iron. Many other clever things he had done, all of which were now by these superstitious people accepted as proofs of his witchcraft. He had awakened their jealousy by his energy and smartness in business; his skill and ingenuity in smithing had aroused their suspicions, and his prosperity had provoked their hatred. In any other country his ability would have been admired and honoured, but on the Congo it was a sign of witchcraft, and always ended in death by the ordeal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 5}{\f0\fs24\b0 5It was then I understood the reason for the backwardness of these people. They destroy their leaders and their best men, and the only hope of the people is deliverance from the curse of the witch-doctors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The next day the ordeal-giver (or\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ngol\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92a nkasa}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) arrived, bringing with him the ordeal bark which he had procured from the nkasa tree in the following manner. This tree is supposed to have a spirit; hence, when they are about to cut some of its bark for ordeal purposes, they address it in these words: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I come to take a piece of your bark, and if the man for whom it is intended is a witch, let my machet bend when I strike you; but if he is not a witch, let my machet enter into you, and let the wind stop blowing.\u8221\'94 The machet had bent under the blow, and the omen being against Mavakala the ordeal-giver made his preparations with smug satisfaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mavakala, accompanied by many of the men and lads of the town, was led to the bare top of a neighbouring hill, where a rough shanty of palm fronds was built. The accused was pushed into this, and told to stretch out his arms, and not to touch anything. The ordeal-giver pushed a stone towards the poor wretch, with twenty-seven pieces of nkasa bark on it; and then he ground each\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 5}{\f0\fs24\b0 6piece of bark and slowly fed Mavakala with the powders.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Unsuccessful people hate success.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Consequently, when the ordeal-giver proposed that further tests should be applied, there were none to lift up their voices in protest against the injustice of continuing the cruelty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mavakala was dazed with the narcotic effects of the drug that had been forced on him, and his wits were dulled and muddled. He was taken with rough hands from the temporary hut and made to stand by himself, a swaying, lonely, pathetic figure--a type of all those who have been persecuted or have laid down their lives for the sole crime of being in the vanguard of their generation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 While Mavakala stood swaying there, six twigs in rapid succession were thrown at his feet, and he as quickly had to name the trees to which they belonged. This he did successfully, and then he was told to name the birds and butterflies that were sailing by. Again he unerringly gave each its proper name; but now, just when he wanted his\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 5}{\f0\fs24\b0 7eyes to be at their keenest, he could feel them becoming blurred with the dregs of the drug he had been forced to take. His tormentors called on him to name the ants crawling at his feet. He faltered, stammered confusedly, and in stooping, that his poor, hazy eyes might have a better chance to recognize them, he fell, with a moaning cry, to the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In an instant the heartless, superstitious crowd was on him; sticks and machets, knives and guns, soon did their work on the poor mangled body. None was too poor or mean to kick his carcass and spit in his face, and his bruised, gory corpse was left unburied upon the bare hill-top--a feast for the beasts of the forests and the birds of the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 By and by the stars peeped out, half ashamed to look on a world where such tragedies were enacted, and as they looked they saw that\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 thing}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~there upon the bare hill-top. It was covered with wounds, and every wound had a tongue that cried to its God, and to their God: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long, how long, shall darkness cover the land, and gross darkness the people?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \line }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/69558/pg69558-images.html}}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Ch.9 (70)}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 His wives and followers at first refused to return with him; but the old man, infuriated at their unwillingness, poured upon them a torrent of abuse, charged them with bewitching him to kick the stone, and threatened them with the curses of his various fetishes in such invectives that they trembled before him, and, gathering their goods, followed him with hearts full of fear and hate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We lost so much time over these events that instead of reaching our destination that evening we were compelled to spend another night on the road. The whole of the next morning was leisurely spent in resting and dressing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb270\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs48\b1 <$Scr_H::1>KING LEOPOLD\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92S SOLILOQUY\line A DEFENSE OF HIS CONGO RULE<!$Scr_H::1>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 BY}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 TWAIN}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Throws down pamphlets which he has been reading. Excitedly combs his flowing spread of whiskers with his fingers; pounds the table with his fists; lets off brisk volleys of unsanctified language at brief intervals, repentantly drooping his head, between volleys, and kissing the Louis XI crucifix hanging from his neck, accompanying the kisses with mumbled apologies; presently rises, flushed and perspiring, and walks the floor, gesticulating}{\f0\fs24\b0 ]}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 These generosities are studiedly ignored, in print. In print I get nothing but slanders\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and slanders again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and still slanders, and slanders on top of slanders! Grant them true, what of it? They are slanders all the same, when uttered against a king.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 mouth full of Bible and my pelt oozing piety at every pore, and implored them to place the vast and rich and populous Congo Free State in trust in my hands as their agent, so that I might root out slavery and stop the slave raids, and lift up those twenty-five millions of gentle and harmless blacks out of darkness into light, the light of our blessed Redeemer, the light that streams from his holy Word, the light that makes glorious our noble civilization\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lift them up and dry their tears and fill their bruised hearts with joy and gratitude\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lift them up and make them comprehend that they were no longer outcasts and forsaken, but our very brothers in Christ; how America and thirteen great European states wept in sympathy with me, and were persuaded;}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Oh, well, let them blackguard me if they like; it is a deep satisfaction to me to remember that I was a shade too smart for that nation that thinks itself so smart. Yes, I certainly did bunco a Yankee\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as those people phrase it. Pirate flag? Let them call it so\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 perhaps it is. All the same,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 they were the first to salute it}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{ }}