{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78826"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 The dynasty of Theodosius, or, eighty years' struggle with the barbarians : \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 | Project Gutenberg}}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Let us try by a very rapid summary to indicate the meaning which the words \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Imperium Romanum\u8217\'92 conveyed to him who heard them in the days when the Temple of Jupiter Capitolinus was still standing and still thronged with earnest worshippers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Let us go forth from this city which clusters on its seven hills around the Tomb of St. Cuthbert. Those hills are untrodden forest or undistinguished pasture-ground, and all the glory of architecture and all the wealth of sacred associations which will one day crown them are unknown, for we are now in the second century after Christ, and Durham is neither\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 castra}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~nor\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 mansio}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~nor\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 mutatio}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in the map of Roman Britain. But if we go a few miles up the Wear, near to that place in \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the land of Oaks,\u8217\'92 where the Bishop of Durham will one day build his castle, we shall find there, }{\f0\fs24\b1 upon a high promontory of table-land overlooking the stream}{\f0\fs24\b0 , the spacious camp of Vinovia with its baths and its hypocausts, doubtless also with its temple and its magazines. Here we strike a great Roman road. Follow that road northwards over the hills, and you will come to the camp of Lanchester on the Browney. Another stretch over wild moorlands, and we reach Ebchester, in the pleasant valley of the Derwent. Another, and we strike the Tyne at Corstopitum (Corbridge). And so on by more camps and stations than I need weary you with the names of, till we reach the great camp, or rather series of camps, which surround the high altar-like hill of Birrenswark in Dumfriesshire, overlooking the sandy Solway. Yet still the Roman road is running northwards, till at last it reaches the Wall of Antoninus, somewhere near the Frith of Clyde.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Southwards the same road pursues its course, uncompromising and undeviating, over the great ridge of hills which separates you from the Tees. Across\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 3]the Swale at Cataractonium it leads us to Isurium, which will one day be represented by the pleasant old-fashioned village of Boroughbridge, and where we see for the first time those pictured floors, the tesselated pavements which are so abundant in Southern Britain and in Gaul. Then it takes us to Eboracum, the great Roman city of the North, the home of the Sixth Legion, the place where the aged Severus will lay down the purple at the bidding of Death, and where the young Constantine will assume it at the bidding of the soldiery. Thence across the country south-westwards, over those hills and dales of Yorkshire and Lancashire, which are now among the poorest and most solitary, as they will one day be among the richest and the most thickly populated portions of the island of the Britons. So we reach Deva, or Chester on the Dee, where the Twentieth Legion have built their stately city, with its temples, its baths, and its spacious praetorium for their commanding officer. And so from thence, through Cheshire and Staffordshire, and on by a route pretty nearly coinciding with that which will, after many centuries, be taken by the North-Western Railway, till at last we reach that city, comparatively unimportant in the official map of Roman Britain, but which the concourse of merchants is even now making important in spite of prefects and procurators, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the city formerly known as Londinium, but now named Augusta.\u8217\'92}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In our own day, at nearly every step of our course along this great highway, which our ancestors named\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 4]the Watling Street, there is some trace of the Roman legionary and his sojourn in our island. Here the coins of some military treasure chest buried in haste and never reclaimed; there the shells of the oysters or the bones of the beef which the soldiers consumed; here a dedication to some native god bearing an uncouth name, with whom they thought it safer to be on friendly terms; there the pathetic epitaph of a departed wife \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91who lived with her husband xxx years, \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sine ulla macula}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\u8217\'92 with no spot upon her goodness; here the walls of a camp turned by centuries into mere grassy mounds, but still by their rectangular shape rounded at the corners, showing the handiwork of the Roman surveyor; there an inscription recording the rebuilding of a bath or a granary, \u8216\'91}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 vetustate conlapsum}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 (which had fallen in through age), and reminding us how old and venerable the buildings erected by the first conquerors of Britain must have appeared long before the last Roman soldier, standing upon the stern of the departing vessel, waved his sad \u8216\'91}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Vale Britannia}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 to our island.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 All these vestiges of the great world-Empire, when one examines them patiently day after day, as it has often been my privilege to do in travelling along one of the great Roman roads in our own country or abroad, produce an effect upon the mind incomparably stronger and deeper than results from simply reading the story of the conquest of a province in the pages of Caesar or Tacitus. And now multiply\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 5]this picture at least thirty-fold in order to make it justly represent the whole extent of the Empire. Cross the sea from \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Londinium, now Augusta,\u8217\'92 to the mouth of the Rhine. Travel for days up that stately river and see the legionaries swarming upon its western, and not unknown upon its eastern bank. Trace the 300 miles of stake-covered rampart which join the Middle Rhine to the Middle Danube, and along every mile of which a Roman soldier is tramping. Descend the Danube from Ratisbon to the Euxine and see every foot of its right bank held by Rome, who for more than a century holds a province on the left bank also (the province of Dacia), and stations her legionaries on the crests of the Carpathian Mountains. Take ship and sail over the foggy Euxine, and there, in its extreme south-eastern corner, near where Jason and his companions sought the Golden Fleece, recognise once more the Roman boundary. Follow that boundary over the mountains of Armenia to the upper waters of the Tigris. Cross \u8216\'91the great river, the River Euphrates,\u8217\'92 near the place where Eliezer waited for Rebekah by the well; and then encompassing Damascus and the mysterious cities of Bashan, let the border come down past the Dead Sea, past Mount Pisgah and Mount Sinai, and so overleaping the Red Sea, let it reach the valley of the Nile. Here the frontier towards the barbarism of Ethiopia is the same that the modern protectors of Egypt have drawn close to the city of Syene (now Assouan); leaving 800 miles of the rich Nile valley as the granary of Rome. All along the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 6]northern coast of Africa, Cyrene, Tripolis, Carthage, Numidia, Mauretania, whatever there is of civilised, stable, wealth-producing life (and it is a broad enough belt in some places) is all Roman by obedience, and much of it Latin by speech. At last the boundary goes out at the Atlantic Ocean where Hercules once relieved Atlas of his load. Men gazing forth upon the waste of waters, and half discovering, half dreaming, concerning the Fortunate Isles beyond, are constrained at length to admit the fact that the great Empire has found its limit, and that if there be other worlds to the West they are worlds beyond the world of Rome.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 (2) The People of Rome, the Quirites, assembled by their centuries, or their tribes, under an Italian sky, in the Campus Martius or the Forum\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these also had their allotted share in the development of the greatness of Rome: these formed the strong steadily beating heart, without which all the accumulated wisdom of the Senate, the brain of the State, would have been of no avail. Questions of peace and war, and questions of political reform, were brought before them, generally, it\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 10]is true, on the motion of the Senate, but so as to cast the final responsibility on the people; and during the greater part of the lifetime of the Republic those solemn trials of political offenders which correspond most nearly to our own impeachments took place at the bar of the popular assembly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 To guard these rights and to secure the meanest citizen of Rome from oppression on the part of some haughty aristocrat, the Tribunes of the Commonalty were called into being, that unique class of magistrates whose power of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91intercession\u8217\'92 could bring the whole machinery of the State to a deadlock, and upon whose \u8216\'91sacro-sanct\u8217\'92 persons the proudest Consul, fresh from victory over the enemies of Rome, might not lay hands without incurring the penalty of outlawry. The office which the Member of Parliament has hitherto discharged when he brings the grievance of a constituent before the House of Commons; the office of redresser of all wrongs and browbeater of all magistrates, which the Public Press has of later time arrogated to itself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these offices were for centuries discharged by the Tribunes of the Commonalty. Upon the whole we may believe that the Tribunician power was a useful counterpoise to the immense authority vested in Consuls and Praetors: but it was always a power which in the hands of a dishonest demagogue might be abused for the purpose of obstruction. It was always useful only as a brake is useful to the driver of a railway train; and in the latter\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 11]days of the Republic it was a brake suddenly and clumsily applied, by which the Engine of the State was being continually thrown off the line.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But, such as they were, these two great depositaries of power, the Senate and the People, wrought together in reasonable harmony, and upon the whole for the good of Rome and the fast widening Roman world, during the two centuries which intervened between the admission of Plebeians to the Consulate and the Third Punic War. With the fall of Rome\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old rival, Carthage, a rapid change for the worse manifested itself in the Roman character. Corruption entered the Senate and brutal violence disgraced the Assembly of the People. The young Roman politician half ruined himself over the shows of gladiators and wild beasts that were to purchase from the commonalty his election to the successive offices which were the steps in the ladder of his promotion. The mob cheered and laughed, but the provinces groaned, for out of their plundered cities and beggared agriculture the Propraetor or Proconsul reckoned to recoup himself for the heavy entrance-fees which he had paid to gain admission to the Roman Senate. These abuses became at length too glaring for even the seared consciences of Roman politicians to endure. Laws against official extortion, \u8216\'91}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 de repetundis pecuniis}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 were passed by the people\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a doubtful boon to the provincials, for now the governor robbed them, not for himself only, but for the rivals and the demagogues whose silence he had to purchase by\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 12]bribes. In the train of the governor went the usurer, lending money at ruinous rates to the provincial to enable him to pay the clamorous tax-gatherer. Even Brutus, that Puritan among Roman statesmen, sought to compel the inhabitants of Salamis to pay him compound interest at the rate of 48 per cent. per annum. Under these accumulated oppressions the fair countries round the Mediterranean were fast sinking into misery and despair, the very life-blood being drained out of them by the insatiable oligarchs of Rome. And during the greater part of this time, while the Senators were treating the civilised world as their own private farm, and farming it like a tenant who is under notice to quit and will get all he can out of the soil, the so-called People of Rome were every year sinking lower and lower into degradation, becoming a mere mob of freedmen and foreigners, the collected sewage of the world. The Constitution\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 notwithstanding a temporary reaction under Sulla\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was becoming more and more democratic, as the people were becoming more utterly unworthy to be trusted with power. Armed bands of hired bravoes fought with one another in the streets of Rome, and on the day of a hotly-disputed election or the passing of an unpopular law, the statues in the Forum were splashed with the blood of the slain.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the various offices of the Republic had been formed chiefly out of the power of the ancient kings, it might have seemed the obvious course to recombine them into one, and crown Caesar king. Warned by the murmurs of the crowd on the day of the Lupercalia, but also doubtless following his own instinct as a statesman, Julius\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and his nephew Augustus after him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 chose a wiser course. The name of Republic should still remain: S.P.Q.R. should still be inscribed on the banners of the legions, but the powers of the Republic should all be grasped in a single hand. There had been Dictators created for special emergencies: Julius would be a life-long Dictator. Successful generals had been saluted Imperator by their soldiers on the field of battle: Julius would be emphatically\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 the}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Imperator. Grave and reverend men, the fathers of the Senate, had been hailed with the title\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Princeps}{\f0\fs24\b0 : Augustus would now in middle life be greeted as Princeps. Above all, the Tribunes of the Commonalty had possessed enormous powers for the prevention of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 15]legislation of which they disapproved, and their persons had been invested with especial sanctity. Augustus would now gather into himself all the obstructive powers of the whole College of Tribunes, and his person should be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sacro-sanct\u8217\'92 as theirs had been. Special defenders of the Commonalty were now no longer needed. The new Imperator claimed, and not altogether without reason, that\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 he}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was defender of the people, and therefore each year by a fresh and solemn act he was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91invested with the Tribunician power.\u8217\'92}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 because he knows that in the institution of Monarchy there is a fund of latent power which it were unwise to squander, and which may one day be sorely needed for the defence of the life of the nation against enemies from without or from within,\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But while the good and patriotic Emperors\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Augustus, Trajan, Marcus Aurelius, Claudius Gothicus, Probus\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 delighted to magnify the moral authority of the Senate, the weak and dissolute Emperors, maddened by the possession of absolute power, delighted to trample upon and insult it. Caligula forced Senators of the highest rank to walk for miles before his chariot, or to wait upon him at table, each clad in the linen girdle of a slave. Nero wrung from the loathing Senate a formal approbation of the murder of his mother, and insisted on 400 of its members performing as gladiators in the Amphitheatre. And Domitian, according to the well-known story in the pages of Juvenal, summoned the trembling Conscript Fathers in the dead of night to deliberate on the best manner of cooking an enormous turbot.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The stately and philosophic virtue of the Antonine Emperors led to a terrible anti-climax\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the mad sensuality and cruelty of the bull-necked\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 19]Commodus. And now began that terrible third century, in which the great World-Empire seemed perpetually as if it were on the point of going to pieces, through its own weakness and corruption, before the barbarians were ready even to gather up its fragments.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~It had been discovered \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91that an emperor could be made elsewhere than in Rome,\u8217\'92 and in every province, almost in every legionary camp, there was an upstart General eager to avail himself of this discovery, eager to wrap himself in the purple and to lay hold of what the Greek historians call \u7969\'3F \u964\'74\u8182\'3F\u957\'3F \u8005\'3F\u955\'3F\u969\'3F\u957\'3F \u7936\'3F\u961\'3F\u967\'3F\u942\'3F, \u8216\'91the rule of the universe.\u8217\'92 The strongest memory can hardly retain the names of all the obscure adventurers who thus blossomed into a little temporary notoriety, and who were murdered by a rival or fell on the field of battle before their purple had lost the lustre of its newness. Province thus fighting against province and civil war being the normal condition of the Empire, the misery and poverty which everywhere prevailed can hardly be imagined, and are but scantily pourtrayed for us by the wretched historians of the time. Two things, however, always occur to my mind as typical of this woeful age\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 its coinage and its camps. Take a coin of one of the earlier Emperors, say a bronze sestertius of Domitian, which lies before me while I write: see the clear bold relief of the laurel-crowned head, the sharp, well-cut letters of the inscription, and then compare it with a (so-called) silver denarius of Valerian or Gallienus\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b1 a thin\~bit of copper with a wash of silver or pewter over it, and upon it the barbarous effigy of a head wearing a radiated crown and surrounded by an almost illegible inscription}{\f0\fs24\b0 . From a mere glance at the coins you feel at once that the owner of a sestertius (whose nominal value was twopence-halfpenny) under Domitian was a richer man than the owner of a denarius (the equivalent of four sestertii) under Gallienus.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And the camps: go to Housesteads or Chesters and see the splendid blocks of masonry which belong to the age of the Antonines; see the masonry of a very different and far inferior kind, small and mean and easily overthrown, which marks the age of Constantine, after the close of the third century. But in between these two periods of original building and late repair you may often find a mass of confused\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 d\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9bris}{\f0\fs24\b0 , sometimes with the marks of fire upon them. That shapeless mound tells the story of the third century. While every little Tribune or Centurion was coquetting with the soldiers under his command, relaxing discipline and permitting plunder, in the hope that they might some morning rush to the Praetorium, put on him the purple robe and hail him as Imperator, meantime the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Pax Romana}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was becoming a bitter bye-word over all the Empire, and in our own country the savage Caledonians were breaking down the barrier of Hadrian, setting fire to Cilurnum and Borcovicus, swarming across the Tyne and Tees, and carrying fire and sword far into the heart of Britain.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 (2) It had become manifest to a statesman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye that the vast Roman world could no longer be ruled from Rome alone. On the Rhine, on the Danube, on the Euphrates, strong armies were required to guard the frontiers: yet it was precisely from these armies, strangers to the Imperial city and to the person of the legitimate Augustus, that the brood of usurpers and tyrants, claimants for the Imperial purple, was being perpetually recruited. Diocletian now carved out the Roman Empire into four great Prefectures, each large enough to satisfy the ambition of a Charles V or a Louis XIV, and gave to each of these Prefectures its own court, its own capital, its own elaborately organised official hierarchy.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 The terrible loneliness of those who climb to the high places of power, their incapacity of tolerating a rival near the throne produced the usual results, and in 323 the second civil war broke out.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The same purely political instinct which made Diocletian persecute, led Constantine to foster and favour the Christian Church. Could we penetrate the secrets of the hearts of these two men, we might\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 29]find that their religious convictions were not very dissimilar. Both were probably at heart Monotheists, both had that belief in a just and overruling Providence, which comes to most men who are in authority, and who, seeing the endless labour and contrivance which is needed in an earthly ruler to keep his world in any degree of order and peace, cannot easily persuade themselves that the whole of this fair system of things which we see around us came by chance. It may be doubted whether, in his heart of hearts, Diocletian went much beyond this position in his worship of Jupiter, or Constantine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at any rate till near the close of his life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in his belief in Christ. But the younger Emperor saw clearly that no fresh attempt to extirpate Christianity by force could succeed when Diocletian had failed; that the new religion made of its votaries not only better men, but, upon the whole, better citizens and more loyal subjects; that it possessed a force which, wisely guided, might be used for the preservation and not for the disruption of the Empire; above all, that the zealous partisanship of Christian bishops and priests would be a far more valuable ally to him in the desperate strife with his competitors\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 first with Maxentius and then with Licinius\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 than the languid half-hearted acquiescence of the Pagans in the religion which was a fashion rather than a faith, handed down to them from their forefathers.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }