{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man walking in front of Mandri, the one carrying the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91unconscious\u8217\'92 Mazyd Oro, his name was Hill. The man walking behind Mandri, the one with the torch, his name was Bib, and according to Bib, these were the only two things that Mandri needed to know. Don\u8217\'92t bother with \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91what is going on\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91I can\u8217\'92t see where I\u8217\'92m going\u8217\'92, no, the only thing that mattered was that Hill was in front and Bib was behind and that was the way things were going to be - and also, stop talking. Don\u8217\'92t make a peep. On that point Bib was especially clear. Even \u8220\'93breathing too loud\u8221\'94 was sufficient cause for a whack on the back of the head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sound carried in that pitch-black tunnel, so the going was hard for Mandri. All the while he was stifling groans because his once-dead-legs were as stiff as rods. They were so sore that it felt like if he bent them half a nick then his thighs would rupture. Instead of striding through the dark like Bib wanted him to, he swayed through it on sensitive feet, doing what he could to avoid the trash that littered the floor. This was hard to do because the tunnel was a dumping ground. Not a place for unshod feet. There were picked-clean bones of small animals, splintered balkanut shells the size of skulls, curved clay shards of shattered jars, and all manner of organic waste, the worst of which was the cold and gooey lump of something brown that welled up in between Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s toes when he stepped in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri hoped the stuff wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t what he thought it was. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Best not to think about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Easy not to think about it, considering there was a godsdamned Mazydai right in front of him. A Mazydai, a being of storied power, yet there he was all cut-up and shoulder-slung like a sty-pig at a wet market.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who could have managed that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri knew it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been these two Jandri men who were ushering him through the tunnel. Hill and Bib were as typical as sandland folk come, thin and irritable. Hungry looking. The only remarkable things about them were their deficiencies; Hill was short, and Bib was an ass. Nothing special.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri snuck a look behind at Bib. Bib had his pinky finger stuck halfway up his own nose, digging for gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get going!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, these two didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t subdue Mazyd Oro and neither did they bring Mandri back from the dead, and he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 had}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  been brought back from the dead, Mandri was certain of that now. This couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be the Underworld because the Underworld\u8217\'92s keepers should be terrifying, not dumb and annoying. Then again, now that he was having his heels clipped by Bib\u8217\'92s impatient toes every other step, he wasn\u8217\'92t sure which would be worse - an eternity of this or an eternity of torture. Having his flesh be torn from his bones would be infinitely worse, but Mandri never liked to let get in the way of a good pout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outside of the fact that an objective universe exists independent of his own mind, the only thing Mandri was completely sure of was that these two people had a leader, and that this leader had the strength to bring low a Mazydai and conquer even conquer death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whoever that person was, it was a man worth meeting. So Mandri steeled himself against the pain in his legs, rubbed his foot in the dirt to wipe the shit off it, and then did his best to keep up with Hill who was finding his way through the dark like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d placed each shattered pot and loaf of poop himself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually the going got smoother and the tunnel got wider and it looked less like a pigsty and more like a  . Then this dark passage emptied out into a bigger one, where the ceiling was twice Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s height. At the end of this larger tunnel, some fifty meters away, the tunnel gave way to the blinding light of day. Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes were so accustomed to the dark that one quick glance at this spot of sunlight was enough to imprint a white circle into his retina, so that no matter where he looked, there it was, a white blot obscuring everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stopped in his tracks out of instinct and tried to blink out the blindness. This sudden stop caused Bib to bump into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back, and for Bib, that was unacceptable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whore\u8217\'92s breath, boy! You\u8217\'92re a pokey ole tacko, ain\u8217\'92t ya?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib gave Mandri a hard shove that sent Mandri sprawling right into Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs, sending them both tumbling to the ground. Mazyd Oro, who\u8217\'92d been content to ride Hill\u8217\'92s shoulder, had his unconscious ruse upset by the sudden lurch. He yelped and went tumbling along with the others, splaying his elbows out to brace his fall, careful to keep his bandages out of the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill waddled back to his feet and then turned towards Bib and said in the most matter-of-fact tone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bib, you are a got-damned idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib brandished the torch towards him in a state of alarm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill! He\u8217\'92s awake! The Mazyd\u8217\'92s awake!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill looked down and there at his feet was Mandri grimacing, clutching his wrist against his stomach as he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d jammed it against an up-jut of rock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd Oro wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill spun around towards the entrance, expecting to see, but no one was there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he heard a thud from behind and Bib give a yelp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Hill spun back around he caught a glimpse of a naked, pale figure sprinting into the black depths of the cave with exceptional agility, leaping from rock to rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw, Shit!\u8221\'94 Hill exclaimed. \u8220\'93Shit! Shit! Shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill drew a short sword that was hidden under his cloak and his took off into the darkness after Oro, shouting orders to Bib as he went. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay here and go get Ayram!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib stood and stared in disbelief into the darkness. When his wits returned to him, he turned around and took off towards the cave exit. He got halfway when his wits fully returned to him. He sprinted back towards Mandri and ordered him to get up in a tone that was as serious as it was urgent, but Mandri did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said, get up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Piss off!\u8221\'94 Mandri retorted through clenched teeth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib let out a little roar of frustration, then reached down and grabbed Mandri by the collar and lifted him up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, still half-blind and stumbling, tried to shrug off Bib\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said piss off!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib swung the torch round to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face so close that it nearly singed his eyebrows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say one more word and I\u8217\'92ll shove this thing down your throat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri let himself be pulled, half blind and stumbling, out into the sun. When they got there, Bib let go and Mandri collapsed and let the warmth wash over him. The orange sand swallowing his knees was hot but comfortably so, like .  He dug his hands into it. Mandri wanted to dive into it like a horse-backed lizard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked up and squinted at the blob of shadow out in front of him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a moment of trying to parse the blob of light and shadow in front of him, Mandri realized that he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite out of the cave yet, for the tunnel \u8216\'91exit\u8217\'92 was more of an entrance into the bottom of a fat cylindrical pit. All around there were walls of sheer vertical limestone rising up a good thirty feet to encircle a pit of orange sand. The sun\u8217\'92s light angled down the sides of this colossal white limestone bucket, leaving half the pit in cold shadow, and half in a dusty, radiant glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib was shielding his eyes, looking for someone hidden in the cool shadows of the other side of the pit. Mandri saw a few dark and lumpy shapes against the limestone and assumed they were people, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite make them out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib shouted for his leader.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the shadows spoke up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where in the hell is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s in the cloister with Elrahet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib dashed back into the darkness of the tunnel, leaving Mandri in the sun alone, spotlighted against the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri squinted into the shadow of the pit and was struck dumb by the glare of strangers descending upon him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An attractive Zosan woman stepped into the light. Her dark face and dark eyes were framed by a white linen scarf that was loosely wrapped around her head and neck. The rest of her figure was shrouded to the ankles by a beige burnoose. It was a clean and simple look, and despite the wear and tear that spoke of life out in the Sand, the lady wore it with a hint of regal bearing - there was a kind of self-important sweep of the shoulders that showed she knew how to stand, for amongst those obsessed with refinement, even standing is an art. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her voice was almost as imperious as her stern brow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the dead boy,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, Mandri was the dead boy. It was such a simple matter of fact, but the way she said it made it seem like it was some keen insight that was obvious only to her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who are you?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. He was anxious not to appear to ruffled to a bandit queen - or whoever this was. He narrowed his eyes and sat back on his heels and contemplated standing up but decided against it when he saw the woman smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Moteah,\u8221\'94 the woman said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah wrinkled her nose as she looked down on Mandri, like she could smell the death on him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She shook some thought out of her head, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That man who brought you out here, do you know why he was so hasty?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The other prisoner escaped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazydai?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The word was hardly out of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth when three scraggly men, wrapped up in , leapt up out of the shadows and sprinted across the sand. In three strides they brushed past Mandri on the fourth they disappeared into the dark tunnel, leaving cloud of dust swirling in the entrance behind them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah held her arms up before anyone else could follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one else! The Mazyd has nowhere to go. Ayram will deal with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All the while her eyes were fixed on Mandri.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is like, fuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On the off chance you that aren\u8217\'92t a living curse, I\u8217\'92d like to extend you the courtesy of welcome.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman took a step back, bowed at the waist, and flourished her arm in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s general direction. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few chuckles chorused out of the pit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will have to forgive my fellow Ayramun for not receiving you with warmth,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93The discovery of your body heralded the worst few days that many of us can remember.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}