{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMwbKCcHW0A"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMwbKCcHW0A}}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nationalistic pride}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve come and given a monologue. We want a dialogue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stories of albanian atrocities, no matter how wild, were readily believed. The first serbian leader to stand up say that we must stop the oppression of serbs in kosovo that women were being raped, houses burned, groves desecrated, this was the way to the top.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The situation in kosovo was intolerable, serbs had been denied their rights. Local communist party boss heard milosevic was up to something.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We had no time - three days to organise everything, we split up into different areas, we told our lads to prepare for a real fight. We parked two lorries full of stones, we didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say they were for the police, they were there just in case.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Albanian leader - the crowd was already rowdy by the time we arrived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the meeting began, serb after serb complained that the albanians were making life impossible for them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to live here where my mother carried me. I want to be buried in this soil. They will not drive me out. Id rather die than leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time I heard the term \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91ethnically pure\u8217\'92. The albanians wanted an ethnically pure kosovo. They murdered serbs, defiled our graves, burned monasteries. The exodus of serbs from kosovo began.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Albanian: I kept whispering to milosevic, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re all lying. The atmosphere was poisonous. The more they insulted us albanians, the louder the cheers became.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We must stop the serb exodus, or else there will be no serbs left. Our dearest wish is to live here, but not like this. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - we could hear noise coming from outside.  A kind of loud burring, like a siren. What could it be?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A MASSIVE fucking crowd. A scuffle between serbs and kosovo police.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our boys ran for the stones parked outside, they turned and pelted the police. Police got a gift from the masses. I went to milosevic and said the police are assaulting our people. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t pass this hot potato to anyone else. So he walked outside, obviously he was afraid. He knew he was playing for high stakes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Albanian: he hesitated for a while, in his characterisitic pose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Comrades! Comrades! Speak up!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For milosevic, this was a moment of decision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The police attacked us!  The hit women and children. The albanians got in among us. We were beaten up! - the crowd watchign his reaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You will not be beaten again!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Serb tv presenter - we led with it on all 5 channels, the promise to fight for serbs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 News in serbia had not shown how the serbs had provoked the police. The myth of milosevic was born with a lie at its core.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milosevic came back very hot headed. We discussed it. It was pathetic. He shouted, it is our fatherland! Milosevic was accused of breaching party policy.  The party asked him, what were you playing at in kosovo? Milosevic said, we must act now, the albanians have taken over, serbs are getting fired from key jobs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milo - The albanians could do this because the province of kosovo was virtually a republic. The local council had the power to implement what I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d call a nazi policy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I asked him (milo), if you go on like this, what will become of our country? I saw we were totally opposed in our methods. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was categorical - that man (Ivan) must be expelled from our party.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milo - they were in our way. The old bureaucratic leaders of serbia. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  go for president himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those who obstruct our reforms violate party discipline. They can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t deny it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Commie leader - I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m afraid, Ivan (president), that you cannot resist acting like a dictator.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ivan - this was my political assassination. They threw everything they could at me, determined to get me out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milosevic called a vote. Overwhelming victory for milosovic. Total humilliation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milosovic launched serbia on a crusade to take control of not just kosovo, but all yugoslavia. All serbs everywhere.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We will reform the political system. Serbia will regain its rightful territory. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Serb nationalist -to say we put him in power is wrong. But we made a real leader out of him, for sure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turned popular discontent into a revolution against the gray bureaucrats of the old regime.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milosovic - if the complaints against the committee members are justified, they must, they simply must resign. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy standing in front of clamoring crowd, tears in his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not a traitor. I did what I think was right. But im still going to resign.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They pretended not to hear our whistles. They did not understand why we were angry. This rally was organized by the people. The people have decided.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Albanians were in a majority in kosovo. Miners organized a general strike, ordering that their man be returned to power. Milo wanted to punish this, be granted the emergency powers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slovenia defended kosovo, fearing what milo and serbs would do to them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To a serb, this was slovene treason. I decided to show our serb viewers what slovenia was like. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91He was defending separatism in kosovo and in slovenia\u8217\'92. The broadcast brought the people of belgrade onto the streets. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milo walked among them, like a god. He went to the yugo president, and said, if you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give me the powers  to quell separatists in kosovo, then the crowd is yours. \u8216\'91We wont be responsible for the actions of the crowd.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yugo president went out to the crowd to explain the dangers of the road they were taking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I started talking about yugoslavia, about brotherhood and unity. Our fathers died to create yugoslavia, we will not go down the path of conflict. We\u8217\'92ll take the path of brotherhood and unity. The yugoslav president faild to satisfy the crowd. One small spark and they\u8217\'92d have torn the city apart. - flashbacks to the type of people that show up to these events, describing their shit in detail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I told the party council, a million people can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be ignored even if the serbs set it up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The party council caved, gave milo the power to use the yugo army in kosovo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jovic was euphoric. He said, serbia has arisen!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91No force on earth can stop the people of serbia. We\u8217\'92ll fight for our cause, and win.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those who deceive the people, those who are plotting against yugoslavia,  will be arrested and punished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next day, tanks are rolling in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vlassi (albanian kosovo) was charged with counterrevolutionary and improsnment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All dissent was crushed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milo - all methods taken were perfectly legal and proper procedure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the tiny republic of slovenia that turned on the serb giant. Freedom of speech which challenged communist system. Editors of youth mag called mladina. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91We went for the communist party, we tested how far we could go\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Secret party transcript amongst commies stating mladina is backed by cia, harbors counterrevolutionaries that threaten yugoslav\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s very survival. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mladina published this transcript in clear breach of yugoslav law. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slovene leader bowed to the pressure from belgrade. In a dawn raid, they arrested mladina\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s defense correspondent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They arrested journalists. Wanted to show the slovenes that they needed to obey the yugoslav government. The plan backfired. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91The whole thing turned into an anti-army, anti-yugoslav government.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slovene leader caved to public pressure, went to change constitution to remove belgrade influence. Serbs didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like this, said they would use \u8216\'91any and all means to keep slovenia\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milo went to slovenian president and said the could call a rally in slovenia, he could get his supporters to tell hte people he was a liar. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was to be eliminated, I knew milo\u8217\'92s mind, he would stop at nothing to get his way.\u8221\'94 Croatia refused to let the agitators into it\u8217\'92s borders.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milo turned to communist party congress. As the delegates stood for the hymn to brotherhood and unity, they all knew that this congress had been summoned to crush the defiant slovenes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slovenia had only one hope, yugoslav\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s second largest repuglic, croatia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Milo chose president of montenegro (who he installed) to be chairman of hte congress \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  shows how important it is not to be seen in charge of every minute detail.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The serbs were convinced that we slovenes didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the guts to end the agony.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This brazen example of serbian bullying of slovenes, shook leadership in other republics.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To largest republic of serbia and croatia fell under the sway of rival nationalisms. Serbian president slobodan milosevic had been the first to inflame his people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On this day, christ triumphant came to jerusalm. He was greeted as a messiah. Today our capital is the new jerusalem. Franjo tudjamn has come to his people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Croation leader - we should have been more subtle and more careful. We were driving a way the serbs who wanted to live peacefully.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Serbs in souther croatia had long memories of the last nationalists to rule croatia. They were hitler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s allies, and under the checkerboard flag they killed hundreds of thousands of serbs. Tudjman\u8217\'92s embrace of the checkerboard flag was like waving the nazi flag in their faces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Young Croat police chief goes to south to ease serb police tension. Serbs organise a mob outside. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was young and cocky, but then he got scared. He went to the toilet ten times.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Outside, thousands of people were yelling. My colleague said to me promise them anything,  promise them a serbs state -anything to get us out of here. It was a lynch mob.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Without our help, the crowd would never have let them go. That was the end of croat authority in knin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What happened in bosnia was a shame. Peaceful people marching for multicultural comminty, being fired upon by ethnic nationalists. Opposed nationalism of both izebegovic (muslim) and serb leader.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Serb leader saw the crowd impinging upon his right to divide the city.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I phoned the guards and told them to prepare against these \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93peace activists\u8221\'94. My men took necessary measures.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Serbian general fighting against serb invasion of bosnia in sarajevo, fighting for a multicultural bosnian community.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Concentration camps in underground gas tanks with a tiny hole to breathe through.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Srebrenica - we tried to see if we knew any of them, but the stench was too much to bear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Life in srebrenica was hell, but what we went through in that forest, that was the ninth circle of hell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jovan divjak}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Divjak, as an ethnic Serb, was made a general in order to present a multiethnic character of the Army of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He himself commented on the issue by saying that he felt like a "flower arrangement" and said that "of course, someone has to be a flower arrangement too". He expressed that it was shameful if his service to the army were only temporary. Indeed, he and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stjepan_%C5%A0iber"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Stjepan \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u352\'8Aiber}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(as a Croat) were the only non-Bosniaks in the Chief of Staff. Both of them were offered retirement in March 1996 by the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chairman_of_the_Presidency_of_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alija_Izetbegovi%C4%87"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Alija Izetbegovi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u263\'63}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . At the beginning of the war, out of 18 percent of Croats and 12 percent of Serbs, only one percent of both remained in the ranks of the Bosnian army. Divjak complained about that to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rasim_Deli%C4%87"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Rasim Deli\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u263\'63}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , then a Chief of Staff, as well as Izetbegovi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u263\'63, but it was explained that it was because "Bosniak soldiers didn't trust the Serb commanders." Divjak was later excluded by Deli\u263\'63 from the decision making process in the Army. The Bosniaks in the Army allegedly had no confidence in Serb commanders according to\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oslobo%C4%91enje"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Oslobo\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u273\'64enje}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jovan_Divjak#cite_note-FOOTNOTEEx-Yupress2_August_1996-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The nazis used ancient religious hatreds to divide and conquer yugoslavia. They granted policing duties to the ustasha, extremist croats, roman catholic, and they persecuted serbian greek orthodox. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They asked the children to make the sign of the cross, killed them if they made it from right to left instead of left to right.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Convert a third to roman catholic, expel a third, and kill a third. Kill a third they did. Hacked whole villages to death. Forcing peasants to dig their own graves, then burying them alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Ustasha brutality drove serbs en masse into tito\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s partisans. Hitler issued an order that for every german soldier shot or even wounded, a hundred yugoslav civilians would be selected randomly and shot. This they did with great vigor. The order was designed to discourage aid to the partizans, but the fuhrer had blundered. The serbs, croats and slovenes, thought that I can be shot for nothing just as easily as going into the forest and taking up arms, so might as well take up arms.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Tito as a politician - he had a self confidence that the people knew him and he knew the people.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Poswar ceremony - here was a peasant who took to it as if he were born to it like a hapsburg prince.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91We could allow different parties, but what would they do? Who would they represent? The communist party represents the people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Stalin: I could wave my little finger and tito would fall.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to put down nationalism early. Nip it in the bud. Once it starts, it results in slaughter.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The past holds the present hostage.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}