{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The genre of the conquering hero existed in the time when Solraheen still walked the earth. Most of those ancient hero icons contained no sign of Solraheen, so it was thought that if Solraheen permitted an Old Jandri king to depict a victory without reference to Himself, then it must be permitted forever. If a Hrkan Lord wins a great battle then he is permitted to depict this event without reference to Solraheen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But why would Solraheen approve of such effrontery? The leading Solitant view is that Solraheen afforded great men this privilege so as to harness their natural pride. He wanted them willing and eager to go out and expand the borders of His paradise. When a Hrkan Lord brought barbarians to heel, wealth and land was his, and so too was the right to place himself at the front of all creation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if only for one single work of art. It may seem heretical, but if Solraheen Himself approved of it, then by definition it was the orthodox view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An alternative interpretation of the form of the Old Jandri conquering hero is that it was not meant to be a carrot, but a stick. A statue of a snarling Lord was meant to instill fear in the poor wretches who were conquered, and Solraheen, being a loving god, did not want to be associated with this imagery. As such he allowed the Lords to forgo the traditional sign of respect. When the dispossessed saw the statues of Lords from a foreign land, they did not see the sign of Solraheen, and so they did not blame Him for their misery.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bound Will}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Minder cannot command me to do anything, but they can stop me from doing something they don\u8217\'92t want me to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the difference between commanding you to do something, and stopping you from doing something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To command is to direct, to stop is to interfere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the difference between commanding you to kneel, and stopping you from standing? There is no difference. Kneel, or stop standing, I don\u8217\'92t care which.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a clever wrinkle to Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, and they gave Obo pause. A flicker of amusement flashed across his too-smooth, too-pale features. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When this was done, Ayram held the waterskin out before him and poured the rest of its contents into the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun erupted in laughter. Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh because the sight of that cool, crystal water being wasted on the sand brought his own great thirst into sudden, stark relief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If Obo was bothered by any of it, he did not show it, and when Ayram finished with his little show, he said, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If the girl can\u8217\'92t control you, then why haven\u8217\'92t you split me in half with Mazidfire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only my Minder can call forth the fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}