{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the middle of night when they reached the end of the Tib. Mandri was so happy that he collapsed in prayer. Everyone was ecstatic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everyone but Ayram. His fretful eye studied the north.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looking for Hrks,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They might have made it out of the Tib, but they hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t made it out of danger. But their mood was good, and doubly so, because the eastern rim of the world was peaked with the red Goree mountains. Those mountains had arrived all at once, a long, dark lumpy line.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun picked themselves up and quickened their pace, practically jogging along, for the Goree had no hills. The way to them was flat and iron-red, and it stayed that way all the way up to the mountain chain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s base. The mountains themselves were brilliant red buttresses against the desert wind, and as such their rock faces bore the scars of the wind\u8217\'92s assault\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 deep, erosive cuts swept up and over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram led them south in line with these mountains, towards the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked Moteah how Ayram knew where they were relative to the Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He remembers it,\u8221\'94 said Moteah, as if that were a perfectly adequate explanation. Mandri knew that Ayram couldn\u8217\'92t have dead-reckoned it all the way from that little desert temple. The featureless Tib would have made that impossible, and the arc of the sun was more of a guideline than a precise measure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He considered asking the giant himself, but decided not to, and good thing too, because the next person who spoke drew Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She had to poop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shushed her, but Seb insisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one that made me eat those flies!\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright!\u8221\'94 Ayram exclaimed, and he stopped walking. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll make a short camp here. Be quick and quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quiet, I can tell ya that. Ain\u8217\'92t gonna be quick, either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sauntered off towards the mountains, and disappeared amongst the shadows of rocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dumped Obo onto the ground, then went to Moteah and asked for some twigs to make a fire to calm the night chill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No fires,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got to be quiet, and we\u8217\'92ve got to pass unseen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto added. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t know, the Goree\u8217\'92s cursed. If that doesn\u8217\'92t get you, there\u8217\'92s two kinds of tribes in the Goree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those who want to kill you, and those who want to steal all your stuff. Either way, you end up dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t they have seen us coming from miles away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s not much reason for them to be watching the Tib, because it\u8217\'92s not a journey often made. We might have slipped through and if we have, we don\u8217\'92t want to spoil it with a fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, how close are we to the Pass?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be upon it by morning,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the light of day?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you just said that everyone wants to kill us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Goree pass is protected by outland law, so long as you pass in the day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who enforces that law?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Custom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo laughed, and this drew a dirty look from Moto. Moto said,  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Custom may mean nothing to you, but desert custom demands respect amongst outland tribes. They preserved our peoples for thousands of years despite every attempt to eradicate us. Every tribesman knows that if they violate the truce of the Goree Pass, then they are dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, with ebullient eyes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t laugh because I doubted you. I laughed because I believed you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t believe him,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you should,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? No desert custom is going to stop people from looking out for themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever heard of the Tukli?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Tukli lived in an alluvial plain just south of Cask. They had strange ways of worshiping Solraheen, so to incorporate them into the Hrkan world the Lords had to reform their religion. The plan was to do it piecemeal, over generations, so as not to cause a stir\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t start with the religion itself, start with some of their customs to soften them up. The first thing we did is we told them to write Solraheen with one \u8216\'91h\u8217\'92 instead of two.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess what they did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They didn\u8217\'92t want to do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They built warehouses out of resin-rich timber, locked themselves inside, and then burnt it all down. An entire tribe of ten-thousand people killed themselves in one night. They killed themselves and their children over a single L. If you ever make it to Jeket\u8217\'92s library, you should look for a book on the histories of the Old Believers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should. The customs of Outland tribes are tickling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet had been sitting silently by herself, brooding as she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been want to do since they\u8217\'92d entered the Tib. The next words she spoke were her first in several days. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the Mazid that killed the Tukli?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you not listening?\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93They killed themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet turned her back and that was that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said that was enough noise for the night, and they took up shelter behind a jumble of boulders which blocked the western wind. Ayram shared stern words with Seb when she got back from her fecal excursion. All save the giant lay down to rest.}}