{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was the common thread to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s daily gibes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he didn\u8217\'92t think highly of humans. As the days wore on he talked more and more about what people got up to without the guiding light of the Hrkan world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He spoke of how, in the distant age of temple cities, there was an Old Jandri custom that forbade anyone from selling land. The purpose was good-natured, as the wise sages of those cities had enough history to know what causes a city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collapse, for wealth attracts wealth just as sand attracts sand, and inevitably the wealthiest end up with everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all the money, and all the land. Since the people have nothing, they either leave or simply rebel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To combat this, the city sages decided to prevent the sale of land so that a family could persist for generations regardless of what the rich wolves were up to. Land could be had only through inheritance. If a childless couple found their work too heavy in their old age, they could adopt a few straight-backed persons to till their fields and reap the harvests, and these children could stand to inherit on the condition that they provided grain, oil, and clothes to their adoptive parents for as long as the old folks lived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the rich were too clever for it. Judges were bribed, councils were captured, and by hook or by crook they weasled their way into the lines of succession. This practice carried on for more than one hundred years in the heart of Old Jandri. What began as a few rich, wicked schemers evolved into wicked consortiums of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sons\u8217\'92 who shared pools of silver and gold from which poor landowners were forced to turn to in times of drought, signing over the birthright of their trueborn children to the rich. Such was the depravity that a single man was once the adopted child of five-hundred and fifty-two different sets of parents. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 According to Obo, this was the birth of the Old Jandri banking system. The pretense of adoption was shed and more sophisticated systems of accumulation were devised. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t overthrown until the Hrks came and put a stop to it.}}