{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Francisco Suarez - Just as within a state some lawful power t opunish crimes is necessary to the preservation of domestic peace; so in the world as a whole, there must exist, in order that the various states may dwell in concord, some power for the punishmeent of injuries inflicted by one state upon another; and this power is not to be found in any superior, for we assume that these states have no commonly acknoledged superior; therefore, the power in question must reside in the sovereign prince of the injured state. And consequently war, has been instituted in place of a tribunal adminstering just punishment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is evidence that, between certain types of peoples, war was, for all practical purposes,a natural occurence, having something of the regularity and predictability of the seasons. The most obvious example was the eternal struggle around the great asian stepp-lands between agricultural and nomadic ways of life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A very decisive turning point when war ceased to be regarded as natural or inevitable and came instead to be seen as a matter of conscious human choice. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Roman stoics and the development of natural law - the idea that the entire world was under the rule of a single universal, transcultural set of moral principles. This notion found some echo in later roman law .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 War has typically called for reserves of collective discipline and self-sacrifice beyond those required in ordinary times, thereby making it an exercise in social solidarity of the  highest order. It is accordingly a great error to think of war primarily in terms of turbulence, confusion and anarcy. These factors are often present, sometimes in generous measure.  But warfare, throughout recorded history, has also called for careful planning, meticulous preperation - psychological, spiritual, logistical, and so forth - as well as rational execution.that is to say, it has always been a nactivity that may be described, very loosely and with pardonable anachronism, as scientific. If the most obvious skills called for are those of the hardy and valiant warrior - the arts of the priest, the tax-gatherer, the bureaucrat and the ruler.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 INdian Kamandaka There are no less than sixteen different types of war, classified according to the results sought or achieved, athe causes, the character of the parties engaged and so forth. For the most part, though, we must look to an exlectic range of sources for evidence of the most ancient ideas about the legal character of warfare. Some of this may be gleaned from accounts of actual ancient wars.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 War is a struggle by a society as a whole, authorised and commanded by public authorities, and designed to further the over-all corporate interest of the community. As such, it Is sharply contrasted with interpersonal violence such as feuding or duelling. Persons of a pcifistic temperament will be relived to learn that some societies appear to have known only the one type of conflict and not the other. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It has been contended, for example, that eskimos and certain american indian groups in california experienced person to person conflict but lacked any idea or practice of organised, collective combat. Not a universal feature of the human condition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the indian tradtion, the word kalaha referred to ordinary interpersonal quarrles; while the word yuddha was used for conflicts between societies. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inimicus - personal enemy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hostis - enemy state.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greek mythology - athena vs. Ares}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Expressions such as millitary virtues come readily, and rightly to mind - obedience, patience, cooperation and discipline. These virtues of self-sacrifice, displine and moderation were commonly seen as highly valued hallmarks of good citizenship in general - to the point that war was sometimes seen in positive terms as a means of promoting these traits, and sometimes even as the very best means of doing so - aristotle - war as a force for nurturing virtues of justice and restraint. Times of peace and prosperity, he feared, might threaten the moral health of the body politic by tempting people to neglect these invaluable qualities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Methodical and disciplined, leave as little as possible to chance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Campaign sacrifices. Concern ove rthe holiness of military encampments.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ceremony for purification of mility equipment. Horses nad trumpets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All this ritual stressed the fact that war is Methodical and painstaiking affair, a far cry from blindly lashing out at enemies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 China - confucian tradition of openness and fair play in war - sometimes, at the expense of practicality. It was common for the day and place to be fixed by mutual arrangement. Some writers held it to be a point of honour to attack the enemy at its strongest, rather than its weakest point on the ground that it was ignoble to exploit the weakness of another.  Even a tradition by which an army would discontinue a war when the ruler of the opposing side died ( exploited on at least one occassion by enemy state staging mock funeral of ruler).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Difference between restrained warfare of people of like kind, vs. Genocidal warfare against people of a foreign nation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kautilya unapologetically favoured measures of stealth and deception to bring victory - including the copious employment of spies, a liberal resort to ruses and deceptions, the use of poison, the destroying of wells and the sowing of dissension in the nemy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ranks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That war and peace are opposite to one another may seem the most obvious proposition imaginable. But it is important to appreciate that this contrast has not been a universal feature of human social life.  In particular, in situations of endemic or constant conflict between two peoples, such a contrast is not possible, anyy more than a science of meteorology would be possible in a }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aztecs supplying with weapons three separate times, requesting supplication, before going to war. Forgoing any possibility of surprise.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The single most striking feature of muslim thought about war was the absence of a belief that the natural condition of international affairs was one of peace. In fact, it held precisely the opposite view: that, between the community of hte faithful and the infidel world, there was inevitable and perpetual enmity, comparable to the never-ending natural condition o f war between the greek and barbarian worlds of classical times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The infidel world was known as the dar al-Harb, meaning hose of war. Compard to dar al-islam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No specific wrong-doing was required on the part of the infidels to justify war against them. No declaration of war was necessary, nor any permanent peace treaty possible.  Instead, there was constant, if often desultory conflict, consisting largely of seasonal raiding or campaigning by land in southern france, or by sea off the coasts of sicily and italy }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The predominat view of early church fathers, most notably of tertullian was that they should not perform military service. A parrallel view that christians should not resort to law courts either, since they, like armies, were organs of state coercion. Pg. 46}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gradually this position was modified. Increasing tendency of christian writers to see the roman empire as a divinely approved political vehicle for furthering of the christian faith and for safeguarding civilization. Increasing threat of barbarians  to the empire made this urgent. The virtue which leads people to protect their country from barbarians in time of war, or which in peacetime makes them defend the weak or protect friends from robbers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even tertullian was like, pray for the roman armies. No less an authortiy than paul praised magistrates as gods agents labouring on behalf of the community at large.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wage war to bring under the yoke the unbridled lsts of men.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}