{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {The Mind IS the Buddha, nor are there any other Buddhas or any other mind. It is bright and spotless as the void, having no form or appearance whatever. To make use of your minds to think conceptually is to leave the substance and attach yourselves to form. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we have the science model. What conclusions do we reach with the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91meaning in nature\u8217\'92 model? Sun/moon/stars/etc.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The substance of the Absolute is inwardly like wood or stone, in that it is motionless, and outwardly like the void, in that it is without bounds or obstructions. It is neither subjective nor objective, has no specific location, is formless, and cannot vanish. Those who hasten towards it dare not enter, fearing \\ to hurtle down through the void with nothing to cling to or to stay their fall. So they look to the brink and retreat. This refers to all those who seek such a goal through cognition. Thus, those who seek the goal through cognition are like the fur (many), while those who obtain intuitive knowledge of the Way are like the horns (feW) }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {If you can only rid yourselves of conceptual thought, you will have accomplished everything. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 What about animals??? They have no conceptual thought.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {whether they transcend conceptual thought by a longer or I a shorter way, the result is a state of BEING: there is no \\ ious practising and no action of realizin -:- }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 They are achieving a feat of non-awareness, but this is not inexplicable - they are only refusing to let the actors on the stage. I would agree with the nihilist appraisal of the buddhist attitude.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain }