{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Issue - Set up fabled black + Schisol + Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fine that Solraheen is \u8216\'91in the background\u8217\'92. Gods are dead and all that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But that shard of Fabled Black is not it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Feels like it\u8217\'92s definitely setting something up. A never fired gun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  I need to do something with it which still leaves room for Solraheen to be buried under it in next book}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WHAT DOES THE BLACK REPRESENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - It is the stuff in the night sky which fell to earth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - releated in some way to the allwhite spark - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab 2 primordial essence - the spark and the fabled black}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - Good vs. Evil}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - 1 camp views spark as Good - Elrahet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - 1 camp views Black as Good - Pell}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - 1 camp views this as a false dichotomy - Mandri}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Culture of the day is generally of the mind that the Spark is good, the black is evil}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Through the efforts of Pell and minions, this view is polluted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Black is the Godkilling stone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Solraheen called it down to end himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Spark on one hand - Black on the other}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -??Make a spark out of gold??}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Make the knives made out of Fabled black}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  It is the only substance which can sever the links Solraheen made}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What is the problem with this:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - feels not enough?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 `\tab - because the setup is so BIG}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - adjust the setup}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - the pigment - made of fabled black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - the spire - fabled black}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - the story of the comet}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - all for the}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1  knives which cut the thread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab -}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1  Have the convo with Pell address fabled black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab \tab -it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not the godkilling stone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab \tab - you have it in your hands now. The choice is yours.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - Fabled black essentially represents the nihilism implied by meaninglessness, but that nihilism can be used to MAKE meaning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 -earlier finding of the shard,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Elrahet quickly says to put that shit away because she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the only one who can see the consequences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 end,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  have Mandri reflect upon the knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 OPTIONS}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Shard found in journey }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -It makes the most incredible pigment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -It what?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Oh nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Little wonder the Hrk is so corrupt because they built their city on top of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Moteah - Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t touch it!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Elrahet - it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s okay for him. He\u8217\'92s Sparkless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Surely the black is only rock. Contact with the skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab -member how you felt about gold? It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s is so with the black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab -Good and evil. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab Isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that a bit heretical? Sol petitioned evil to end himself? Akin to saying he gave up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -If it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not evil, what is it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Spark is will to live - hunger, destruction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -Black is\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab -it is not absence will to live. Not simply the opposite. Not something which can be described by a creature driven by will. }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 It is invisible to us.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 oh, it was visible to me. Visible to Salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab   }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -OR - Black stuff in him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fuel for the Spark. Like coal. Keeps it burning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s in the stomach of the Amalgamete???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s in the stomach of Pell???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Mandri swallow the Fabled Black???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -in journey to the underworld begin to see shards of fabled black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Maybe almagamete had a sphere of it inside him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shard of fabled black in the stomach of the Greskal prince???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shard found in Minting Rock???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s been looking for the comet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}