{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Show where I am in violation of the law.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 violation of Natural law!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  There is an }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 order to things laid down}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 in the foundations of this city}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and in the very foundations of life itself. Women were not made to lead! You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the temperament for it. Even today I hear reports of you abusing your own authority.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turns to the Plenty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not two hours ago, this woman here flashed the seal of her office to commandeer a shipment of grain. And when the grain merchant stood up for his rights she had him killed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This woman has no respect for what it means to move a man against his will. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sol creates things which create themselves. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fundamental method of adaptation in any system is the revision and recombination of its building blocks. It is crucial for the system to have accurate information about its environment. Otherwise the system reverts to Nature to prune inefficiencies, and this is a terribly inefficient process.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leave it to a mazydoro to challenge Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s will. You\u8217\'92re no more natural than a woman in the Plenty!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla starts to get all fucky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 George is like, silence you fool - brings out danserd. Big reveal. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not actually sick!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Danserd has a black eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazydoro is like, wtf is is your eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 George tries to answer, but mazydoro cuts him off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Danserd says george\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s men roughed him up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazydoro walks over to george and pops him in the eye.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Introduce shade}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sensitive dependenc eon initial conditions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Society bubbles up from the indivuals. Change the individuals and you change society. Only two ways, kill people or give birth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the senat floor;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m driven with a mission from God. God would tell me, George, go and fight those terrorists in Afghanistan.\u8217\'92 And Idid; and then God would tell me \u8216\'91George, go and end the tyranny in Iraq\u8230\'85\u8217\'92 And I did. And now again, I feel God\u8217\'92s words comign to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Boudica: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91God, please stop speakign to George.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy complains about notre dame fans while living in south bend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dont do that. Thats like moving to south bend and complaining about notre dame fans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To make a metaphor work you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to choose something different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no point. What you did is the quintessence of the thing that moving to south bend and then complaining about notre dame fans is already the perfect example of your futility.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashur-dugul - son of a nobody, following six sons of nobodies. Contrast to the son-of reign of kings}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I will not make age an issue of this campaign. I am not going to exploit, for political purposes,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walter_Mondale"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 my opponent}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 's youth and inexperience." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nature being privatized. Go where you can exist on the land. Ground of our being.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The commons - the land being privatized. Our biogenetic inheritance being privatized.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What the hell is that!?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I knew you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be impressed. I just knew youd be impressed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Swagger stick}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Garama - name of enemy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Garma (and salavan) are part of secret plot to discover the location of Sol and bring him back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Further scope for suffering by civilians was offered by the euphemistically named \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91free companies\u8217\'92 of soldiers, who hired themselves out to the highest bidder during war - commonly turning their hnds, with remarkable nimbleness, to free-lance plundering during times of peace or truce. These bodies were also known, with ominous accuracy, as les e\u8217\'92corcheurs ( scorchers). Nor did activities of free-ranging knights always measure up to the high standards o the medieval romances. Saint Peter Damian ( a bishop of Ostia in the eleventh century), for example, grumbled that the swords wielded by knights errant had created more widows and orphans than they had protected. By the end of the sixteenth century, knighthood had sunk to the leel of satire at the hands of miguel de cervantes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just-war writing always had  certain aura of artificiality, an intricacy and detail that appealed more naturally to the subtle debater or logician than to the battle-hardened general. Never, in short, has writing about war been so largely the province of people so far removed from the actual practice of the subject.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any honorable mentions to your kingdom mates who went above and beyond?\line Everyone in the kd went above and beyond, but I don't think any of them are honorable so I won't answer this one. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the king is on his horse which he rides without bridle or halter - the horse is guided by god to a spot which is well nigh the banks of the seven - when he arrives, the horse scratches the ground, and lo and behold a spring bursts forth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They feared a senate composed of women who have never fought, never wrestled, never moved a man against  his own will - for that is the function of government - to make men do what they don\u8217\'92t want to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}