{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scrawny woman walking in front of Mandri, the one spitting her way through this dark cave complex, her name was Seb. The man walking behind, the short and stout man whose bread wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t baked all the way through, his name was Hill, and according to Hill, those were the only two things that Mandri needed to know. Don\u8217\'92t bother with \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91what\u8217\'92s going on\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91I can\u8217\'92t see where I\u8217\'92m going\u8217\'92, no, the only thing that mattered was that Seb was in front, and Hill was behind. If Mandri did so much as breathe too loudly for Hill\u8217\'92s comfort, that was sufficient cause for an open handed smack on the back of the head. And as Mandri\u8217\'92s once-dead-legs were as stiff as rods, every step begged a groan. Instead of striding through the dark like Hill wanted him to, he shuffled through it on sensitive feet, doing what he could to avoid the trash that littered the floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This rock tunnel was a dumping ground. A city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth of trash was piled all the way up to the low ceiling. Not a place for unshod feet. If Mandri were to step off the spotty path, his toes would meet the picked-clean rodent bones, or scraps splintered off from balkanut shells which looked like shattered skulls, or curved clay shards of wasted jars. Not to mention all the organic waste. Twenty steps in, and his heel smacked into a cold and gooey lump of muck that glistened. Hill stepped in it right after.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Black Spark!\u8221\'94 Hill shouted. \u8220\'93Seb! Ya did it again?\u8221\'94 Hill pointed down at a dark stain that soured the toe of his hard leather boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb shoved Mandri aside so she could get an eye on it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wasn\u8217\'92t me,\u8221\'94she protested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why can\u8217\'92t ya shit in the hole like everyone else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wasn\u8217\'92t me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s always you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Chopper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This shit\u8217\'92s half green. That means it\u8217\'92s you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb kicked a clay jar and sent it flying down the tunnel. "Well who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the one pilin\u8217\'92 all this trash up, huh? There\u8217\'92s a hole for all that too, but ya\u8217\'92ll too lazy. Get yourself together afore you come and pick on my habits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She turned a cold shoulder to Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s indignation, and started off again into the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri clutched his blanket tight around his bare skin. He searched the shadow-strewn ground for a clean edge to scrape his shit-stained foot against, but found none. There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t one ungunked stone in the entire tunnel. Even the low ceiling was mottled over in moldy growths. Seb and Hill were able to pick their way through it as if they\u8217\'92d placed each piece of junk themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How could }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 these}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  people have defeated a band of Hrkan Vessels?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb herself was as unimposing as an Outland poke could be, dirty and hungry looking. She looked like desperation itself, and not the dangerous kind of desperation. She was that sad kind of desperation that any upstanding person could defeat by simply looking away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And Hill?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill had his plump pinky finger stuck halfway up his own nose, digging for gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave some for me,\u8221\'94 Mandri joked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill 's eyes flashed, and his rough cheeks screwed up. He gave Mandri a pulled punch in the ribs. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sick of this shit,\u8221\'94 Hill said. \u8220\'93Take the little dent to the pit.\u8221\'94 He marched past both Mandri and Seb, taking his torchlight with him, disappearing into a sidelong passage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gutwipe,\u8221\'94 Seb muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wondered how they were supposed to carry on without any light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t think about tryin\u8217\'92 nothin\u8217\'92 stupid,\u8221\'94 Seb said coldly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could I? I can\u8217\'92t see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither can I,\u8221\'94 Seb said as she grabbed his arm. She pulled in the direction she wanted him to go and they walked for a spell, bumbling through the dark, toes and knees knocking into whatever happened to be in their way; beer pots, sweetgrass baskets filled with dried-out bricks of dung, more beer pots. Eventually, they rounded a bend and came to yet another tunnel, this one gave way to the blinding light of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heat was glorious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hurried out into it. As soon his toes sank into sand, his aching legs took the opportunity to collapse. Warmth gave way to a shiver of ecstasy. He dug his hands into the heat. He wanted to burrow into it like a flea. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya\u8217\'92ll get \u8216\'91im fit,\u8221\'94 Seb said to some folk Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t see. He was still blinded from the abrupt appearance of day. It took a few wide-eyed blinks to wash out the white blotch which had burned itself into his vision, and once it was gone, he found himself kneeling at the bottom of a colossal limestone bucket, a pit cave, with walls some fifty feet tall. The prenoon sun angled its light down the sides of this pit, leaving his own half in a dusty, radiant glow, while the opposite half was a warm, crescent shadow. Dark figures milled about in that shadow, some standing, some sitting. They were all looking at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cleared her throat and spat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said, someone get him fit for walkin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get him fit for a dog\u8217\'92s dick,\u8221\'94 said a grumbler from the shadows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up, Weeg,\u8221\'94 Seb sneered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t helpin\u8217\'92 some little dent which killed about twenty of us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat another wad of spit into the sand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shouldn\u8217\'92t have to say this, but no one messes with him \u8216\'91til Ayram\u8217\'92s sussed him out. I shouldn\u8217\'92t have to say it!\u8221\'94 She put her hands on her hips and scanned the crowd like she could see their murderous thoughts screaming out of their eyes. \u8220\'93Things bein\u8217\'92 what they are, I\u8217\'92ll say it again! No one touches a hair on this git\u8217\'92s head, \u8216\'91less Ayram say so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few unhappy grunts followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 Seb continued, \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s got Papi\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No one answered, so Seb pointed towards Mandri with an open hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy needs robes afore we set out, and Papi\u8217\'92s will fit. So, who got \u8216\'91em?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Papi\u8217\'92s not been dead two days,\u8221\'94 said one unhappy shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya think Papi cares what happens to his robes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You take his clothes, then, Weeg?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who did?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All eyes turned to a man lounging inside the bottom swerve of the pit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crescent shadow. This burly fellow stretched himself out amongst a couple of burlap sacks, claiming them all with his splayed out arms and legs. Between his beard, brows, and hair there was hardly a splotch of skin on him. There was a mouth on his head somewhere, because a stubby pipe was sticking out of it. The smoke stank of freeweed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The bastard can freeze and burn,\u8221\'94 Tob said dryly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Tob,\u8221\'94 Seb said to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob is an idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An\u8217\'92 you\u8217\'92re dried-up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sauntered over to Tob and pointed to the bundle of clothes that lay between Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s elbow and armpit. \u8220\'93Those Papi\u8217\'92s?\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob stretched out like he was waking up, and then he patted the bundle with care. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are. Make a nice pillow, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only way that Mazid is getting \u8216\'91em is if Ayram makes me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give \u8216\'91em up,\u8221\'94 said Seb, undeterred. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woman\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what did I jus\u8217\'92 say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you good with splainin\u8217\'92 to Ayram why the boy\u8217\'92s not ready to walk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob took a thoughtful drag from his pipe. He held the smoke captive in his large chest, and the exhale, when it came, was a sheepish attempt to obscure a reluctant, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pulled the bundle of clothes out from under Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bushy bulk. She tossed it to Mandri as Tob grumbled, \u8220\'93Last I checked we was called the Ayramun, not the Sebbymun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never said we was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri picked at the troublesome knot which kept the outfit wrapped tight. As he did, Tob was clear to stress, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya need be remembering who those clothes belong to, boy. They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s. Everything is Ayram\u8217\'92s here. Clothes on my back. Those clothes there. The food that\u8217\'92s coming to your belly. It\u8217\'92s all loaned out, if you like. Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s. Not yours. Not Mine. Not Seb\u8217\'92s. So don\u8217\'92t get confused by the way this woman acts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pulled the plaited hemp string free and unrolled the apparel onto the ground. There was a thick brown three-layered robe, pants and all, crumpled up with dried sweat. Next to it was a simple hoodscarf, brown as well. There was also a pair of rawhide boots that seemed cut perfectly to size. Thankfully, it was all in good shape. It would have been perfect if not for the blood stain around the collar and a long splotch of blood running down the left arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri finally had it all on, with the tails of the hoodscarf wrapped clumsily around his neck, he felt transformed. He was as pokey as the rest of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob looked him up and down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Papi wore when you killed him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. \u8220\'93Well, I didn\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not supposed to speak,\u8221\'94 Tob said, and he blew a puff of smoke in Mandri\u8217\'92s direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I ask why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A gruff voice rose up from the shadows behind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cause you a damned Mazid, you dent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The charge had come from Weeg. Weeg was a dirty and disheveled man who looked like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just rolled down a dune, with sand stuck to his unreasonably flat and blocky face. His nose was a bulbous root which had been broken a time or three.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pull off him,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at his bloodstained sleeve. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t want me wearing these robes, I don\u8217\'92t mind. I\u8217\'92m fine with only the blanket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t be fine when we head out into the Sand,\u8221\'94 Seb chuckled. \u8220\'93That skimpy thing would leave your legs in boils.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better than wearin\u8217\'92 Papi\u8217\'92s robes,\u8221\'94 said Tob. \u8220\'93Those robes is bad luck\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the warp to weft is three to one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t start,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This ain\u8217\'92t a matter of startin\u8217\'92 and stoppin\u8217\'92. A three to one weave is plain bad luck.\u8221\'94 Tob\u8217\'92s caterpillar brow jumped at Mandri. \u8220\'93Women don\u8217\'92t know about luck, do they? Course, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know about it either, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel a little bit lucky,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I mean, I\u8217\'92m alive, aren\u8217\'92t I? A couple of fingers ago I thought I was dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you weren\u8217\'92t dead,\u8221\'94 Tob said emphatically. \u8220\'93You were body dead, sure, but no Sparkless Mazid ever dies cuz it weren\u8217\'92t ever livin\u8217\'92 in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t look alive to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beady eyes livened up. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re nothin\u8217\'92 but a puppet. An\u8217\'92 everyone knows a puppet is nothin\u8217\'92 but baaaad luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bad luck on him means bad luck on us,\u8221\'94 said Weeg. \u8220\'93I tell you all, Elrahet\u8217\'92s been readin\u8217\'92 the future upside down. That boy there is a curse. Sun as my light, that boy there is gonna get us all killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That so?\u8221\'94 Seb asked with a sarcastic bend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As so as Shis. Look what happened when we ambushed him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more n\u8217\'92 half of us dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were dealin\u8217\'92 with a Mazid and eighty damn cups,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93We were always gonna lose some pokes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Weeg scrunched up his ruined nose. It gave a buckling-crack as the cartilage snapped into a painful sneer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woulda been less of us dead if it weren\u8217\'92t such a shitshow, and you tell me, how\u8217\'92d things go down that way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you,\u8221\'94 said Tob.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lemme guess,\u8221\'94 Seb said derisively. \u8220\'93We got unlucky?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right! We didn\u8217\'92t pay no heed to luck! See, luck is like peelin\u8217\'92 plaster, you have to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb interrupted with a muleish whine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob, ya don\u8217\'92t know shit about luck. You\u8217\'92re the unluckiest bastard in the world.\u8221\'94 She looked to Mandri through tired eyes and added, \u8220\'93He hides his face in all that hair cause he\u8217\'92s so damned ugly. An\u8217\'92 guess how he got those scars? The man got his head chewed up by a keenkedra.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I survived!\u8221\'94 Tob exclaimed. \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s touched tongues with a full-grown keenki and lived to tell about it? No one! None but }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . And why? Cuz of my luck!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lucky ya survived, but unlucky as a Hrkan prick to ever get bit by that lizard in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the thing!\u8221\'94 Tob exclaimed, almost shouting. His left eye was wide with excitement, revealing to Mandri that, under all that hair, the right side of his face was paralyzed. Something like that was usually obvious from the way the lips skew when a person speaks, but Tob\u8217\'92s mouth was little more than a hole in the black broom that was his beard. Mandri had simply assumed that the right side of that mouth hadn\u8217\'92t moved much because it was busy clenching that pipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need lots of bad luck to know about luck,\u8221\'94 said Tob. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the always-lucky that don\u8217\'92t know a thing about luck cause they don\u8217\'92t need to. They don\u8217\'92t step in any holes and they get to believin\u8217\'92 that holes don\u8217\'92t exist! Well, I\u8217\'92ve stepped in all the holes. I know my way around them. I\u8217\'92ve got luck mapped out as well as anyone who ever lived.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That don\u8217\'92t make sense,\u8221\'94 said Seb, but Tob shrugged her off and stayed steady on Mandri. \u8220\'93If I shoot an arrow at you, what says whether or not it kills you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck?\u8221\'94 Mandri guessed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cut in again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck has nothin\u8217\'92 to do with it,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the hand of the gods that put it all down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The gods are all dead!\u8221\'94 Tob retorted. \u8220\'93These days, it\u8217\'92s luck! Skill says whether or not ya hit the target. Aim at the neck, an\u8217\'92 if you\u8217\'92re skilled, you hit the neck. Luck says whether it rips through the pipes or only scratches \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94 As proof of his words, he pulled up his beard to reveal, lurking under a scraggle of neck hair, a long white scar that wrapped around his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did someone try to chop your head off?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A squat bald man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been snoozing away perked up and shouted, \u8220\'93Chop!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All eyes turned to this roused sleeper, alarmed. Tob was quick to shout back with expressive hands, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No! No chop. No chop today.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94 the bald man asked again, disappointed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chop,\u8221\'94 Tob repeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The bald man pouted and lay back down. As soon his head hit his pillow of a pack, he was snoozing again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob  sighed in relief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t say that word around Chopper unless you need something cut. And if you need something cut you better find him and let him do it, or else. Anyway, like I was sayin\u8217\'92, the arrow that did my neck was shot from only twenty paces. Busted right through me. That arrow came from a Scweeman no less, as skilled as any here with a bow. But he couldn\u8217\'92t beat my luck. I\u8217\'92d wager more than money that my good luck is what saved me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He says that,\u8221\'94 Seb said, \u8220\'93but he won\u8217\'92t ever wager anythin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cause it\u8217\'92s not right for me to take advantage of others in matters of luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How \u8216\'91bout a wager on }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 asked the gruff Weeg, pointing a hateful finger at Mandri. \u8220\'93I bet ten wraps that walkin\u8217\'92 curse is gonna get us all killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we get killed,\u8221\'94 Seb said, confused, \u8220\'93then how ya gonna come and collect?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Twenty wraps!\u8221\'94 Weeg shouted. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need to collect cuz bein\u8217\'92 right is just as good. Boy\u8217\'92s a demon. Puttin\u8217\'92 him here in our midst\u8230\'85it\u8217\'92s unright. Who says he ain\u8217\'92t gonna roast us all in golden fire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet says it,\u8221\'94 was Seb\u8217\'92s reply, and somehow that was enough to end the argument. Weeg sneered for the sake of it, baring his crooked yellow teeth. After that, he settled down, but not before getting in a final barb. \u8220\'93Hope he keeps his piss outside his robes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb rolled her eyes and found a spot for herself to sit down inside the pit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow. Mandri took the opportunity to sit down next to her, as she seemed to be the only person who would tolerate him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better get used to waiting,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s half of what we do round here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the Ayramun,\u8221\'94 Tob said, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shut up after that, because he knew he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the complete picture here. Someone knew how to remove Salavan\u8217\'92s hand from his stomach, and also knew how to install a new one. That kind of knowledge was beyond the reach of a band of outlaws. It was certainly beyond the reach of any poke. And that\u8217\'92s what these people were, these loiterers; they were pokes, annoying pokes, like the regular wooden pokes they\u8217\'92re named after, the ones farmers attach to the necks of pigs to keep them stuck in their pens. A fitting epithet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No doubt they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d captured him for the purposes of killing. These kinds of things always came down to the matter of power. These pokes styled themselves as something different than the Hrks, but at the core, they were the same. Today\u8217\'92s oppressed is tomorrow\u8217\'92s oppressor. Mandri promised the sun that he would have no part in it.}}