{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram said as the leather in his seat protested his constant shifting with a litany of squeaks, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only difference between him and all the other preening tongues was that he was honest about his dishonesty. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , then she did that little trick where she pretended to care about his inner being}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An old woman came looking for you. She said you were a eunuch, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A woman came here just to tell you that I\u8217\'92m a eunuch?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yesterday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, she couldn\u8217\'92t have been looking for me, because I\u8217\'92m not a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, it was down to this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Man versus Woman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Time to prove who was the true predator here, and who was prey.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri backed up against the vines.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora locked eyes with him and seemed to remember her mission.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m here for,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked for a means of escape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was none.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nimble as a mouse, Mandri leaped aside. Distance won, he darted around her spreading wings and ran around the trellis, jumped off the patio, then fled through the bunchgrass towards the estate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wide wooden gate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s focus on the painting,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94 Vigram asked with sudden concern. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that bad, is it? What\u8217\'92s wrong with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri knew what was wrong with the piece. He could write a treatise on it. He also knew that Vigram wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to handle an unvarnished critique. If the man got upset, then there\u8217\'92d be no more money, and that would defeat the purpose of this whole exercise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This all forced a compromise. Mandri knew he would have to do what everyone else did and start off with an unnecessary compliment. The idea was to pick out a positive to open the student up to the possibility that they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a dead end. The problem, at present, was that there was literally nothing good there on canvas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He made every honest effort to single out some specific detail. Unfortunately, Vigram had that other beginner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s habit of mixing warms with cools right there on the canvas in an effort to undo mistakes. While that can be done, it\u8217\'92s got to be deliberate. These oils dry too slowly to accommodate bad guesses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have space there on the palette, why not use it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram nodded, then began to assault his daughter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chin with a bluish shade of bronze. Unless there was some extraordinary circumstance of light and shadow, which there wasn\u8217\'92t, it was a color meant for the chin of a Jandri man who kept a close shave. Vigram slapped this manly chin over his charcoal guidelines. His eyes darted between his daughter and the painting, back and forth, back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not quite right,\u8221\'94 he muttered. He gave Mandri a sheepish grin, then stabbed his brush into a slug of white. Then came another savage stroke, and then another. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not quite right.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not bad,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The charcoal guidelines looked like they were oozing pus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good. No really, I mean it. It\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s on the path.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would Lora know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you deny it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I deny it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram eyed Mandri with suspicion. He shook the bag of coin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want you to promise me that you\u8217\'92re not going to use this money to buy burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, aghast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You deny it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram looked down his nose and stroked his beard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to give you this money because I owe it. If I find out you\u8217\'92re sipping burgeons, then our arrangement is finished. You won\u8217\'92t be coming back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram dropped the coin pouch in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got the gift of the brush, Mandri. Solraheen gave you that gift. And I say this, it\u8217\'92s a sacred gift!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So I\u8217\'92ve been told.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that, Mandri walked out the gate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am serious!\u8221\'94 Vigram called out when Mandri was halfway down the valley. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been given a gift!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri waved back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His talent was not a gift. He could paint a portrait in twenty-four strokes, but few would be impressed if they actually watched him do it. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spend hand after hand making those single strokes. He\u8217\'92d put one down, and if it wasn\u8217\'92t exactly right, he\u8217\'92d carefully wipe it away, then put it down again, and he\u8217\'92d repeat this for as long as it took. Days, even. People only ever saw the finished product. They assumed his brush went slip-slap-boom and poof, there\u8217\'92s a true likeness. Reality couldn\u8217\'92t be further from it. Sure, he got better over time, faster, much faster, maybe even slip-slap-boom fast, but the specter of all past mistakes were there in every stroke. His real talent was his willingness to put in effort, and that\u8217\'92s a talent a person can lose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wolfed down a flattened, sun-roasted leech, which was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 very}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  sweet, then meekly agreed. In between chews he considered telling Vigram what he really thought, but he remembered that he sorely needed Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s money.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The rest of its scrawny self, shorn of hair, bled little red circles in spots which weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t adorned with leeches.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not what I\u8217\'92m here for,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. He got up to his feet and took off running.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is wrong with you?!\u8221\'94 Lora shouted after him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did not answer. There was no point in answering. This was not what he was here for.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  he here for?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stopped, turned, and behold, there was big Vigram, marching fast with his robe hiked up and long beard tucked under his armpit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girls in Meskalim all say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 before \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91kissing distance\u8217\'92}}