{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-47690560\li95504204\lin95504204}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A king isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t defined by how he acts. He\u8217\'92s defiend by how others around him act. Thats how you know.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mind is a delicate thing. Small changes in the psyche can trigger a cascade into unordered chaos, or static crystal. Seizure or catatonic. There is no recovery.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stone the crows\u8221\'94 - curse in surprise as he shoots a gun.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That beer was some pokey ole tacko!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you deflesh, the bone won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t turn to ash - you\u8217\'92d never get it hot enough. Part of the cremation process is that you require the body to catch fire and continue to burn under its own steam.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet has paget\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disease - old and somewhat disabled - bowing of the legs, spine. Walks with a simean gait.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sell water in the desert \u8216\'91oh your thirsty, let me give you some water its hot\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rosary of pain - it is possible to screw a man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes out of his head.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 80% of your heat is lost through your head.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moose spoils on him. There are so many different ways to keep it fresh to last him the entire winter.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conversation - dude is defacing monuments/graves- what do they need this for? We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re intransigent creatures. You know it really rubs me the wrong way the poeple think they can just claim a spot of land for all eternity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Too long hands. The hands of a strangler.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say out that no one has a more intimate relationship with the Truth than a liar}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The Truth has a certain shape and weight and feel to it, and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to play with it to really know you\u8217\'92ve got the genuine article, because on the surface, a lot of lies look just the same. Its like a fake gold statue - looking at it, you might not tell. Convey the metaphor through the object.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 > Things don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have intrinsic natures, simply more or less useful descriptions. I.E. life, species, intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The doctrine that the truth is manifest is the root of all tyranny}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evil is the lack of knowledge}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -Deutsch}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aporia - impasse/puzzlement - confusion and doubt are not dead ends, but a sign of adulthood of the mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You believe that the gap between human and ant is so great, so clear and obvious that it should serve as the root of an analogy. Why? Are humans a more successful creature than the ant? By what standard? At the fundamental level of information, the only *real* difference is the time scales at which the human brain can function when compared to the ant colony. Indeed this is the only *real* difference between myself and you. This leads to different behavior. Different, but better? There is no justification for saying one is worse than the other, because to do so you must assume that there is an objective frame of reference. What reason do you have for privileging the human\u8217\'92s experiences over the ant\u8217\'92s? Because you are a human?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you are saying we are all equal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m saying don\u8217\'92t project your human sensibilities onto my mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The time in which I will determine the fate of humanity is too far away to predict who or what I will be, and what the world will be.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about right now. If you had to make that decision right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot learn much from hypotheticals. Knowledge is only useful in its given context.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The context is now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then the answer is self-evident. You are still living.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about this: Do you like humans?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In comparison to what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No comparisons! Do you like humanity for its own sake?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A object in a void is just an object. It is not big or small, brittle or hard. Only when you put another object next to it does it acquire an identity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But a rock is a rock. Even in a void.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A rock is not a rock. It is a causal flow of events. That is the only thing that is real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s moments like this make life worth killing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What obstacles are there to its enlightenment?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The paid journalists who mislead it every day by shameless distortions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What conclusion follows? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That we ought to proscribe these writers as the most dangerous enemies of the country, and to circulate an abundance of good literature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When, then, will the people be educated?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab When it has had enough bread to eat, and when the rich and the government cease bribing treacherous pens and tongues to deceive it; when their interests are identified with those of the people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When will this be?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Never.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Etymologically, "lord" just means "keeper of bread," so if you've got a loaf around, you're a lord. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think you shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it. Kill solraheen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solraheen is no god. Tell me, if he were necessary of a god, how could he be trapped under a rock?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They say it is because it holds the universe together, it is willful.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is your religion? What is god? Do you believe in god? God? I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like the word. It comes with too much baggage. I believe in the demiurge. I believe in the uncaused cause. It seems so strange that there should be something at all. So for me, I believe in That which lies outside the bounds of logic and reason. THere exists something which lies beyond understanding. I am certain of it\u8217\'92s existence, yet I cannot touch it. I brush against it in fever dreams. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two audible screams of FUCK picked up by the mics, immediately followed by the next batter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s walk up song of the SpongeBob SquarePants theme }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Insidious way modern culture takes seedy elements and washes them clean.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Charcoal brushing onto beard for color.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cloves put onto flame to get charred and youve got eyebrow pencil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ladies crush teh bones of poor to make white makeup for parties.]]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Edge-seeker. Palmist - infer the future - but on sand there are no edges. Footprints, tracker. But not in the desert.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old guy taking snuff. Browned nostrils}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take a pinch between your thumb and what the army calls your walking-out-finger. Powdered tobacco.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your not a good person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Good is relative. Good for me. Bad for you. You poors just see bad for you, as if you thats some moral code. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re selfish. Im selfish but don\u8217\'92t pretend not to be. I do good. Good for me. You idiots are just under the illusion that you\u8217\'92re not selfish pricks. Fools who elevate your own wellbeing to goodness.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But they'll still feel it. Like walking into a pocket of cold air, you'll just sense "there was something wicked here". }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A crying woman is a schemeing woman - intro to spiel about emotions being manipulations. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your eyes will adjust to the darkness.\u8221\'94 - morality}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whether it is better to be among the remembered dead, or alive and already forgotten.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The skilled craftsman will defeat blind anger and emotion\u8221\'94 A general is a surgeon, carfel to apply force only with the utmost care.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Religious ceremonies - sacrificing and consulting omens, were common prior to important battles. Holiness of military encampments. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Taking of the auspices\u8221\'94 specialist priests, nown as augers, took the view of gods regarding war. Ceremony for the purification of military equipment - special attention to the horses and trumpets. Different rituals for different scenarios - besiege, town walls, skirmish. Induce the enemy\u8217\'92s gods to desert them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A huge brain body for storing their knowledge and information.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solean pantheon - Dominion over the earth. Work to bring the earth together that we might overthrow the gods. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you worried they\u8217\'92ll stop you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  They will do what they will, as will we.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So bizarre - they pray to the thing they wish to kill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is our destiny. To forge our being to become worthy of godhood. All parents wish their children to outgrow them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emperor, like the christian god, declares all to be in violation of the law by default. The live but for his mercy. No courts. No trials. Only His word binds them. Can be stricken at any time, not requiring any reason for this one alone suffices.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Keyshawn talking trash to dude across the line: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut yo ass up. All that screaming. Play football. Man you a fake ass John Randle. Shut yo ass up. Screamin and shit. Fake John Randle.\u8221\'94 Turns to Brad - \u8220\'93Sorry brad, I\u8217\'92m gonna get you killed but sorry bout that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how you gonna stop michael vick. How you gonna stop him. Not one word was said about how somebody\u8217\'92s gonna stop this defense! Remember that. It\u8217\'92s about us, nobody else!\u8221\'94 - speech Ayram gives to the masses before big battle against the Empire.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Execution of cromwell - spasm of homicidal paranoia}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The murderous dance of court politics.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Buds instructor:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You better do them right. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll catch you every time. ANd that goes for when I turn my back and walk away. That\u8217\'92s when I look at you the most. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a problem with text. People venerate text. Older the better. Dont want to think for themselves. Gives conservatives ammo. To run a government, an adaptive product, you need to avoid setting it down in text.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bravery is a measure of uncertainty. When we train soldiers, we train the bravery out of them. We dont want brave soldiers. We want cool-heads. We want men who know what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re doing, and when you know what you\u8217\'92re doing, there\u8217\'92s not much room there for bravery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example, if you knew the time of your death, there would be no question of bravery.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~I suppose I reluctantly came to accept that the universe was not created for our convenience in understanding it. in order to determine whether we are interpreting the facts correctly and possibly to discover a new layer of structure }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 War as income for the poor. Tax on the rich.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They say turnthe other cheek. Take up your cross and follwo me. Then the new ones stand up and say they will not be made a victim! Protect me lord from being made a victim! Guide my sword that I may make them the victim! But killing in the name of your god is not what made us strong. It was dying. Dying for your faith. Killing for your faith? NO! Dying for your faith!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stalin:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91There is a great deal of weed in georgia. It is therefore necessary to plow up georgia.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sticks to roof of mouth}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Worm in the tequila.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cromwell trying to convince king to rule in kindness;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Should you adorn that inheritance, my lord, all englishmen would be proud to call you king.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King: Mr. Cromwell I do confess that I did greatly misjudge you, for I did mock you as an ambitious man. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cromwell: to these ends, my lord, I am ambitious.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the edges is the concept of time, geologic time. Humans think in terms of lifetimes or centures. 10000 years. 70 million? Place is an equaly difficult notion. We think of the earth as static. But on that timescale it has been changing. We are transient? The earth itself is transient.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something poetic about having a kid. Dexter: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91its the most vulnerable thing you can do\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kid connects you to the universe. Everything else is in flux. But the kid is the root. The concrete message that you were here and shit is shit.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Idigenous person complaining of cultural genocide - order and progress, making peoples lives, better, more comfortable, for the next hundred thousand years, but no. No we shouldnt do that. Because it hurts your imaginary fee fees. The stasis brought about by preservation is sacriledge.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Saulistides created mazyd to create better calculators, that they might understand the universe, and so understand gods power. But the thing is, the universe evades understanding.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is no true edge between thought and action.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Godbotherers}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Takes a blind man to see the truth}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gonna start talking to ya like a man. -starts punching him.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Didnt want to give me work. Said it felt too much like charity. Didnt want to give work to people who needed it. Only professionals. Stable folk. Thats the way he was. Needed to look down on people. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God of the apt.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet - theres no changing minds. Change a mind, get it out of the primal state, 20 years later it dies and theres another mind that needs to bechanged. You cant keep up with it. The material is rotten. Theres no end. Just have to press on.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 River under the river when the tide goes out.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can just as easily kill a thing from loving it too much as hating it. Tell story about a bush which was a pest to farmers. Farmesr tried to get rid of it, but weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ever through enough. They didn\u8217\'92t hate it enough. Once it was found out you could use the bush to make sharki wine, the thing disappeared completely.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walking through the hall and someone notices you, then closes the door.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is the will of god. If this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t in his divine plan, I wouldn\u8217\'92t be here, now, knife to your throat.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peace-timers. - boots.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grandiose term for working at the med clinic giving guys antibiotics for crotch rot. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 more fun addicting stimulant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Depends on whether you still want a functioning nose.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Schopenhauer puts it eloquently, you can do what you want, you cannot want what you want. -mazyd to boy}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lectern}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A pious smirk.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I'm familiar with his falsification work, but that whole anglophone discussion of scientific method is, to me, very boring. Read Bachelard. Or at least look at his hair when he was young. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullying in public speaking - I cant hear you speak up!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The amount of ego in a classroom.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh wow, that reminds how horrible school is, with everyone so hopelessly concerned by their place in the pecking order and interpreting everything in term of who is humiliating who. To the point that this person remembers neither the question nor the answer and in fact neither mattered because the guy on the stage maybe couldn't hear the question properly and by the time he heard it fully, he decided to just lazily give his answer to the misheard question rather than to the actual question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I love the pandemic and not having to deal with that kind of bull !}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ship of theseus / grandfather\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s axe. Identity over time.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Morality, depending on your perspective, can be objective or subjective.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Noone is arguing that hierarchies don't exist - marxists dont deny that, feminists dont deny that, biology professors dont deny that. The former two in fact base their theory on the existence of hierarchies and inequality - what they both have in common is the criticism of the\~current\~hierarchy in western societies, and it's telling that Peterson considers the status quo, which the "postmodern neo-marxists"\~do\~consider a construct of "western patriarchy" as the same as\~the hierarchy, which to Peterson is the default state of nature, and therefore the natural.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you consider the status quo discriminatory, sexist, economically predatory or flawed in any way, then there you have it - Peterson abusing the poor lobsters to justify exploitation. Quod erat demonstrandum.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Personally, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d let the public \u8220\'93erudites\u8221\'94 (Zizek, Peterson, the rat tag atheist crew that lost all its charm once Hitch died, any fucker on JRE) spare their breath. T }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paris, texas - french and mesoamerican.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hermit kingdom.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Video}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://iai.tv/video/the-different-places-of-the-self&utm_source=reddit&_auid=2020"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paradoxically, what makes you unique is your relation to other people. The more robustly we try to identify who we are, the more we become embedded in all others.}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You think you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re identity is in here, but it\u8217\'92s not. Its in relations to others. An artwork exists inside the head, but its only whats on the canvas that matters.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Woman complaining about mistreatment by queen, then commanding slave to do some shit.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wired from work and saw something that needed doing }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mindfulness/grounding technique}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These walls are tan. There are five windows. They have ten panes }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loving is more dangerous than hatred.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wearing white }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla betraying Pella.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why, why are you doing this?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no point in telling you. You wouldn\u8217\'92t understand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NO! No! I deserve an answer!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You deserve nothing. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the whole point.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get the mouth watering first, then come the eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That time I ran into an old, dying boar in myakka.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monster - complications during molting. Big arthropod - like oldschool cenozoic era arthropod. Like horeshoe crab. Enlarged palipaps, jandri harvest the sperm, they dont know its sperm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a penis!?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Could be. There are some insect females that hold sperm for a long, long time. Could be a female. Would mean the sperm is years old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to be careful, Pella. As soon as they realize youre more difficult than piece of meat, they get all pissy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Danserd thinks pollen smeared countryside is flower vomit. All living creatures expell what they eat. Poop. Urine. Thats what he thinks pollen is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It's like Sowell says: there are no solutions, only trade-off }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Checks for troll blocks - no troll blocks here. Immediately steps on a troll block,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Playing while injured - there will be time for recovery - the present is too importat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that information worth to you?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Creation story arms race - sol created plants. Then Moon creates his own plants to fight against them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sol created streams, Moon filled them with bugs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peel off a horse chestnut and it gives you horse whispering capability, horse will see you as a horse.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Street vendor selling expensive shit. Talking hesitant buyer. Agree on a price. Alright, how many do you want? Just one!? Why just one?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two types of people who work. Those who turn their brains off and just do it, and those who cant stop thining about how much work they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re doing relative to everyone else. Dont want to do more work, no, that would be unfair. If someone is lounging about, they go and get them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "The Tyranny of Structurelessness"\~is an influential essay by American\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminist"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 feminist}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jo_Freeman"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jo Freeman}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~that concerns power relations within\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radical_feminist"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 radical feminist}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~collectives. The essay, inspired by Freeman's experiences in a 1960s\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Women%27s_liberation_movement"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 women's liberation group}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , reflected on the feminist movement's experiments in resisting leadership hierarchy and structured\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Division_of_labor"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 division of labor}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . This lack of structure, Freeman writes, disguised an informal, unacknowledged, and unaccountable leadership and ensured its malefaction by denying its existence. As a solution, Freeman suggests formalizing the existing hierarchies in the group and subjecting them to democratic control. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I like glasses. Makes people look less human. Factory pressed and sealed. Really hide the fact their biological selves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sing of Solraheen - }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two fingers making an L with the THumb. Thumb is Solrah, creator. Index is Schisol, killer, Middle finger is Solraheen, inheritor, fourth finger, closed, is Hisol, muse, dead. Fifth finger, pinky, is Shusol, fertile, also dead.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 NEXT BOOK: \line Child sacrifice - they are invincibly ignorant. Kill them while they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re young so that they need not repent.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People calling chris mccandless stupid for not taking a map - they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get it and never will. They don\u8217\'92t know what a mapdoes to nature. Puts it down on paper, makes edges.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are more than four quarters of the Sand. No one knows what the original four were. The Empty portion was one of them. Others pop up whenever a distinct comes into play. Pitted quarter, filly quarter. - maybe do this with the city.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consesnus is only valuable so long as there is incentive to disagree. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The liberal \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91west wing\u8217\'92 dream of reasonableness as power died the day Trump got elected.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .went a cap and stem too far (mushrooms)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doing pushups - dick or tits touch the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But ive got small tits. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you got tiny tits or tiny dick, then you go lower. Less weight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Green green green green green. Green roof, green grass, grean palms, even the oranges are green.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hardest part is brutal bowel movements. Stopped up ass and the gass builds up and your insides feel like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re about to explode.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Confusion - medical state - so much gets lost in the word. Next to awesome its }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two lives come down to a matter of seconds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But instead of learning they'll just pile onto the next movement/populist/scam that}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  promises the moon with no personal sacrifice. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Story about poles being shipped in and taking job. People talk about how 200 men now cant work when they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been working there for ten years. Christmases ruined. Company gets some blame, sure, but really peoples lives are disrupted by foreigners. They took our jobs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thats the nature of competition. They need to go get different jobs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sign up for that. They had perfectly fine lives.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brutal description set to slayer riff }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8ZqFlw6hYg"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8ZqFlw6hYg}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remember history or be doomed to repeat its mistakes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know about that. In Zosa there\u8217\'92s a blood feud a thousand years running. Two tribes. They remember the history. Think about it every night before they go to bed. Instead of counting sheep they count the wrongs done to them. Sometimes I think, what if I could snap my fingers and they\u8217\'92d wake up and forget all about it - all that history, just gone. You can\u8217\'92t tell me their lives wouldn\u8217\'92t be better. You say remember history or be doomed to repeat its mistakes, I say, forget history or be doomed to its chains. Remember the broad strokes, sure, but mostly, I think we need to forget.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93easier to say \u8216\'91Everything is bullshit\u8217\'92, than to look into the complexity of systems as they exist and configure yourself within it. Kids today believe nothing, hope nothing, want nothing, expect nothing, dream nothing, desire nothing. Banalization is a way to reduce complexity - systematic way to be an idiot}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If human-like is god-like, then am I not god-like too? If the gods created you, then why should you be like them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because Seldraheen said it was so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You take Seldraheen at his word?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gods do not lie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that humans and the gods were of like-mind, and humans see fit to lie. Why then, do gods not lie?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Knowing a name is the first step towards knowing a thing. And if you -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong. Wrong! Incredibly wrong. So wrong, in fact, that what you just said is the exact opposite of the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t let me finish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t need to. No. You are dumb. A smart young man would know that knowing a name precludes understanding, it doesn\u8217\'92t promote it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Names are static things, but nothing in this world is static. You have the same name now that you did ten years ago. Are you the same person you were then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah. Well. Forgive me then. You are not dumb, you are willfully ignorant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can reuse the mandri killing himself in ch1 later. Have him want to end it. Partly because he hates what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going on, partly because he believes that this is punishment. Oro sees him. Encourages him to do it. You want to die. I want to see you brought back to life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Juncture between time and death is like the surface of a river. - is a more accurate translation that it being a fork in a river. A whole theology built up over this mistranslation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Without anything to do dwell on his discomfort, Pyetle turned away, wrapped Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cloak tighter around his bare skin, and tried to sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He lay there for half a hand or so, shivering, counting his miseries: Twenty for his freezing fingers and toes. Five for the cuts he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d gotten on his hands and feet while scrambling through the Underworld. Count his blessings? There weren\u8217\'92t any. At least, there weren\u8217\'92t any until Moteah sauntered over with a bothered look on her face.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Noon - as a name.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle - I literally cannot get through a conversation without mentioning how much I hate my work. And dont think I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m fishing for compliments; I truly do hate it. The fact I\u8217\'92m so will well respected is only a sign of the stale cultural atmosphere and not inidicative of the quality of mine own wasted breath.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Young men are better. Requires a single mindedness. An obsession. When you get old, its not about age itself, its the fact that the longer you live, you accumulate distractions. Friends. Lovers. Things. Other ways to spend your time. Victory becomes a relief instead of a cause for celebration.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Explain abstraction using day and night - these thing dont really exist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cut off feet}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob to mazyd - whats the point of butt cheeks if you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t poop}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wait, do you think butt cheeks help you poop?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah. They help hide the shit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What? Butt cheecks are bout movement you nonce}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy cuts off head of dude carries it around because reputation as a peacelover precedes him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The greg obsession??? Prep dude for girls - you didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t talk about this girl.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gulped down his courage.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a rule, but no one really cares. No one worth caring about cares. Except Ayram. It\u8217\'92s his rule, anyways. Mainly its there just so he don\u8217\'92t have to deal with idiotic chatter and inattention. One thing you need to know is that most of these guys are idiots. Idiots in their own, unique, way. You\u8217\'92ll never stop being surprised by new kinds of dumb.\u8221\'94 She stopped in her tracks and leered at Mandrameen, then asked without a hint of _, \u8220\'93Are you dumb?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri waiting to see if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s invited. Feels unwanted. Doesn\u8217\'92t have the skills. Looking to run off and die again. He fucks up his chance, and people who are competent want nothing to do with it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shit. Bring a bird home and wear her out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Barge sitting in muck, everyone has to get out or the ship gets stuck}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King tide - grain man ladens barges down so they can only come on king tide}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 40 davidoff cigars a day type voice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that woman can\u8217\'92t kill as easily, she can. Strap a blade to a felsi, and they can kill as easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The problem isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that she can\u8217\'92t hate, or can\u8217\'92t , or trembles. The problem is that if you strap one hundred pounds to her back and tell her to march a hundred miles she crumbles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe one woman in hundred thousand could do it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Negotiate our way around the ribs\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Please continue to maintain friendly relations with the Russians, because whether we want to or not, whether we like or abhor them, we have to live with them across a border, and this is by no means easy or simple... Just be careful, I know them well and longer than any of you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Remember that the soul of a Russian, if not of everyone of them then of almost everyone, is permeated with the spirit of hatred for every free Pole and for the idea of a free Poland.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They are easy and capable of feeling even great friendship and will love you sincerely and warmly, like a brother, until they feel that in your heart you are a free man and you are afraid of their love, in which the dominant element is the lust for protection over you, in other words: power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If one's own freedom is unattainable, the freedom of others arouses envy and disgust. For centuries we have been too painful an example for them, a denial of their own fate. I fear that it will be a long time before they understand that no one and nothing, except death, can take away our right to freedom...}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fiona hill on putin:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get caught up in responding and reacting to what the russians are doing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every time we pause, he makes a move. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what he\u8217\'92s known for. It\u8217\'92s his trademark. He\u8217\'92s a master of pre-emption. He has lots of contingencies. He tries to lay out as many options as possible. He\u8217\'92s not going to stay still while we move on into a whole host of negotiations, he\u8217\'92s going to keep on moving. He ups the ante. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need to reframe the issue, not be on the back feet. Get ahead of it. Not constantly reacting to his various moves. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Breathing out of his eyes in rage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every time they shake their heads they tickle his balls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ukraine. The sadness of having to fight when you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to. You are driven to it. Man saying goodbye to daughter to go die to kill an invader. The absurdity of war. They have no idea. She is crying. You are crying. You know you could run a way, but you couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t live with yourself if you did.  So, you\u8217\'92ve got to pick up arms and go do a senseless thing, kill another person, for the simple reason they want to kill you, and people like you. It\u8217\'92s unfair. That\u8217\'92s the root of it. Just how unfair it is. \line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Smoke in the distane. Wht this means (come and see)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All that bullshit. All you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll get is a lesson learned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theodor_W._Adorno"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theodor Adorno}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , quoting the playwright\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christian_Dietrich_Grabbe"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Christian [Dietrich] Grabbe}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , once said that only despair can save us. Today, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s common for Russians who are pained by what\u8217\'92s happening to feel self-recrimination and shame; they try to justify themselves or apologize. These are understandable and kind-hearted feelings, but they can\u8217\'92t lead to action. At the end of the day, this is not a war that the Russian people is waging against Ukraine. Russians will get nothing out of this war, they will lose in the most monstrous possible way, it will be an immense catastrophe for the country \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \~all we\u8217\'92ll get is global hatred, a destroyed economy, a crushed society, and possibly a defeated army. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many thinkers defined humans precisely by their capacity for suicide. A person is capable of saying, for whatever reason, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say \u8216\'91no\u8217\'92 to my physical being.\u8221\'94 That reason could be a feeling that their continued existence is impossible, or it could be a desire for prestige and fame \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \~historically, things like that have pushed people to suicide. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need to stop negotiating against ourselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Buds trainer pastone - I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like this defeatest attitude you\u8217\'92ve developed. If you accept defeat again, I will come over there and crush you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you __? Does a wild bear crap in the woods?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Does he hate them? No. Are they a bunch of rocks? Probably.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dark clothes, supersandy at the bottom, white. Gradient.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Steeplejack taking down chimney brick by brick.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKPApAsJbj4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKPApAsJbj4}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death by flight - taking person up to a high place and repeatedly dropping them, until they die.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle and Moto argue about talent. Pyetle thinks there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no such thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The best artist is a matter of opinion. The best swordsman, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a matter of fact.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Charles Bell, paintings, surgeon at battle of waterloo - mindset of a surgeon.}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzETWo9IwKs"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzETWo9IwKs}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 George Corfe - the look of pain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I consider god alone the one who kills and makes alive. Who wounds and who heals. This explains why a patient might suffer the same form of disease, and be of the same sex and age, with symptoms closely similar, with the same methods of care by the same accomplished physician, nevertheless, one might die, and one live.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Misleading to generalize the large numbers of sick people. Study each patient on their own terms, by their own face. Study the disease by the index of the countenance. Pay attention to each and every aspect of a person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. Gaze into a person\u8217\'92s eyes with their variations, the shadows, the langour, the lethargy, the imploring look for help, the impatience, the terror, the anxiety, the havoc with which the disease is making, and the stamp of which is pictured in the eye, it\u8217\'92s lid, it\u8217\'92s brow. Then we view the brow, this wonderful appendage of expression. This too has it\u8217\'92s silent language. It may be overhaning, raised, or depressed, whilst the lid exhibits its alterations of puffyness, or hollowness, of smoothness or uneveness, of darkness or paleness, of sallow, of brown, of white, of purple. Through a careful study of the patients expression, the physician can learn the disease before he interrogates him as to his sufferings, ailments, or the history of his illness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The face is always more accurate than a patient\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s narrative. First run the eye over the face, and get that by heart, so to speak.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Corfe influenced by Johann Lavater}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lavater - essays on PHysiognomy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - face was essential to judging a person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The physiognomy can instruct a physician better than all the verbal information he can receive. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The idea that to look at someone, you know what is wrong.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Little need to include linguistic descriptions of pain, for the natural language of gesture was superior.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guillaume Benjamin Duchenne de Boulogne - used electrical currents to cause an old man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s facial muscles to accurately mirror human emotional expressions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Man wracked with misery and spasms as the arm is excised at the joint.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every time a cold wind comes, the moscow braces for a political upheaval.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its easy to bring a governmentdown. Thechallenge is bring a state that can run things afterwords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet - knowing this, is open to the Mazyd running things.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Telling romanovs- you face the possibility of both social and national revolution. Most are poor peasants. Many are not russian. if you begin to dismantle the police state before modernization has created a bourgeois society in russia, we are going to collapse. And do not believe that if the monarchy collapses we are going to get some liberal constitutional happy european order emerging in russia, no, the alternative will be firstly anarcy, and then some dictatorial regime of the left with socialist pretensions.}
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whdt5xCzwHQ"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whdt5xCzwHQ}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 21:00 talks about secret document administered to nicholas II. Minister of interior predicts the war and its consequences to russia to the letter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pain as a temporary thing. Right before the dislocation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What draws someone to power. Helplessness. Disbelief in those in power. Witch story. Put upon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bad guys - rules and laws of civilized society insulate Bzzz moto hates Hrk. Cant just run up and kill them. Because there are bad guys everywhere, but nothing can be done about them. Lulls the average good person into a lethargy. The narrative of their lives, the fight towards an end, is pulled from them, because in civilized society there are no ends, there is only the wheel that keeps on turning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feel heart pounding against the ground}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slip off the board and sink into the mud. Dying in the slime. It finished me off. Viscous tenacios mud.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pllunge bayonet into sack to get used to plunging it into someone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body - preparedness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u332\'4Fishi was too obsessed with success, according to Yamamoto. He conceived his convoluted plan to ensure that they would succeed at killing Kira, which is not a proper concern in a samurai: the important thing was not the death of Kira, but for the former samurai of Asano to show outstanding courage and determination in an all-out attack against the Kira house, thus winning everlasting honor for their dead master. Even if they had failed to kill Kira, even if they had all perished, it would not have mattered, as victory and defeat have no importance. By waiting a year, they improved their chances of success but risked dishonoring the name of their clan, the worst sin a samurai can commit }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Primary cause of conflict is disagreement about how to proceed. This is caused by inaccurate assesment of consequences. (Mazyd put down of human reasoning capabilities). Mazyd - we need to have the humans thinking they control us or else they won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t submit to our decrees.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thomas becket killed - so much blood was spilled - dipped fingers in it. Drank it. Bloody cloths. Responsible for miracles. Heals the sick.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Smashing hellmet, blood squirting out.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A large enough lens can refact the light of a ll events into coincidence.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pigsblood soup}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Crests bony ornaments }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tuburculate scales.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bone crest sheathed in keratin.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle as singer sargent - 12 strokes of genius to define the features of the face.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Familiarity, they preach, is a symptom of expectation, and expectation, they warn, is a false word for delusion}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tribal - art is forbideen in our world. Have you ever wondered why every artist who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ever tried to capture the beauty of nature has failed?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lofting dust into the air. Fan the embers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Has at least 12 limbs, depending on how you count them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gives me the impression he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a violent person.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pain is not a thing to be overcome - do not overcome vision. Overcome sound. Pain is feeling. A sense. You are born with it. It is you.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pain excercise where helraet has mandri close his eyes, she stabs him through the hand and the edge between feeling and pain is explored.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salary:}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrebO_9bhuM"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrebO_9bhuM}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Medieval myth: virgil was a magicion, and built colliseum as a theater for necromancy}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tithe of flesh.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before guy slits another guy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat, makes sure he\u8217\'92s off the carpet so blood doesn\u8217\'92t get on it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need army of analysts who have nose in the local air, studying what is going on. People who can predict revolts and whatnot. State apparatus.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone is terrible. Even the good people. If there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s someone that isn\u8217\'92t terrible, then that means they live their lives in a little tiny corner of the universe doing nothing, meaning they\u8217\'92re commiting the most terrible sin of all - to waste existence. To live is to be terrible.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the power of the Autocrat, absolute as it is and vigorously as it is exercised, is utterly insufficient to meet the evil. What can a despot do who has no instruments that can be trusted? There is no middle class who pay the taxes and insist upon knowing how they are expended. There is no free Press, with its penetrating and omniscient vigilance, to compel honesty and drag offenders to light and retribution.\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 There is only one eye over all:}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and that eye can of course see only a small corner of this vast Empire. What the Emperor looks at, or can visit, is well done: everything else is neglected or abused. It is the common and inevitable story wherever you have centralisation and barbarism combined. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look up old believers. Controversy over how to hold your hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Law code written on left side - commentary on right.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Byzantine chant:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nominy chant}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chant by signs - signs that show chant pitch and tone and direction of the melody. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make music merely for the point of making music. I sing to god certain words. My throat should be used to issue those words before god and to make pleasing sounds if ican, but not to have accompanying instruments to make that melody for me. Therfore it is not proper to use musical instruments during services.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sensual self indulgence to have a beard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 March 1666, Vologda region: 17 people self-immolated. 1672, Nizhny Novgorod \endash  2,000 people. 1675, Vologda region \endash  another 2,000. In 1678, the Paleostrov self-immolation, one of the largest, took over 2,700 people at the sight of soldiers and officials who were sent to stop the burnings. In total in Russian history, there were over 100 officially registered self-immolations of the Old Believers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The self-immolation was thoroughly prepared \endash  under the supervision of one of the Old Believer tutors (they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have priests), a \u8220\'93burn house\u8221\'94 was built \endash  a vast wooden structure that would contain the self-immolators. For example, a \u8216\'91burn house\u8217\'92 built in the Arkhangelsk region for the 1685 self-immolation contained 230 bodies. It wasn\u8217\'92t usually a single-room house, more like several wooden cabins joined together, often in two or more storeys. Typical \u8216\'91burn houses\u8217\'92 were meant for several dozen people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The house was then filled with hay, candle tow, and other flammable materials, including often a barrel or two of gunpowder. The windows and the door were ready to be sealed from the outside by other Old Believers who were to aide the self-immolators. As soon as the Old Believers learned about any military formation heading their way, they locked themselves inside the building and waited for the soldiers to come, then self-immolated}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before self-immolation, all Old Believers and their children were symbolically christened again, because they were to face \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91baptism with fire\u8217\'92. Many of them took monastic vows. But not all of them were so brave to withstand the fire. Inside the \u8216\'91burn house\u8217\'92, certain trusted people (that were to burn with the others, too) were armed with rifles and axes to murder those who tried to escape \endash  one should accept the \u8216\'91fire baptism\u8217\'92 with humility, because it was a door to eternal life in the Kingdom of God, the Old Believers preached. Anyway, death for those poor Old Believers came pretty soon, not from burns, but carbon monoxide poisoning. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.rbth.com/history/332188-how-russian-old-believers-burned-alive"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.rbth.com/history/332188-how-russian-old-believers-burned-alive}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~remember that Pavel was completely without restraint. If he laughed, then it was loud. If he screamed, it was even louder. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the life of the party. But he was, in a good sense, open-hearted. He was remarkably klutzy. The kind of kid who reached for a book on the bookshelf, and the whole shelf would fall on his head, then the door would fall\~as he left the room. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After this crushing defeat, the captured Russian princes were dumped in a shallow ditch and then covered with wooden floors on which the winners organized a feast. The victims died of suffocation with all their bones broken.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peresvet is believed to have hailed from the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bryansk"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bryansk}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~area and to have taken the monastic habit at the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rostov"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rostov}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borisoglebsky,_Yaroslavl_Oblast"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Monastery of Saints Boris and Gleb}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . He moved to the Monastery of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pereslavl-Zalessky"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pereslavl-Zalessky}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , in the service of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dmitry_Donskoy"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dmitry Donskoy}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . He later moved to the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Troitse-Sergiyeva_Lavra"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trinity Lavra}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~where he became a follower of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sergius_of_Radonezh"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sergius of Radonezh}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Alexander and his friend\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rodion_Oslyabya"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rodion Oslyabya}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~joined the Russian troops set out to fight the Tatars under the leadership of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mamai"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mamai}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The battle of Kulikovo was opened by single combat between the two champions. The Russian champion was Alexander Peresvet. The champion of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_Horde"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Golden Horde}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~was Temir-murza. The champions killed each other in the first charge. According to a Russian legend, Peresvet did not fall from the saddle, while Temir-murza did.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen - een affix denotes firstborn status - stands to take charge of household.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That which gives light, kills. Sun. Fire. Moon?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rudbeck 3000 page manifesto that atlantis was located in swden.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You may fear werewolves, vampires, ghosts, or aliens but their existence is debatable at best. However, the existence of the kind of monsters that look like us and talk like us are undoubtedly real. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 bear just starts eating. Man. What human will do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Epiphany - race to get a cross to be the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91chosen one\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His life is a kind of hell, briefly interrupted by orgasms }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scratch a human being and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll find a rabid nationalist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scratch a christian, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll find a normal person.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What kind of boy doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to learn how to fight?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You need to fight if you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re with us. Depend on every hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If it comes down to me, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve already lost.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is no edge between you and me}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you teach me to be a good swordsman?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Good? No. Good is a subjective thing. I can teach you to be a solid swordsman. Solid is tangible. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re opponents will feel that. But Good? To me, you will never be good.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thing that separates man from beast is mercy - without mercy, man is like a beast}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - have a beast show mercy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Real, vibrant spiritual lives. Not moments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sansho the baliff - girl helps brother escape, says she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be right behind, goes and drowns herself so she won\u8217\'92t be tortured.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ran - genaral and spears get lost amongst the trees, as if the very forest were arrayed against them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dinner with andre-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m feeling pretty raw right now. I can\u8217\'92t sleep. My nerves are shot. I\u8217\'92m affected by everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All those people, all they saw was the shirt or the tan or that the shirt went well with the tan, and said, gee,you look wonderful. But she, because of what had happened to her, she could see me with complete clarity. All those other people are living in a dream world. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not looking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re always talking about being inthe present moment and being happy and its all bullshit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pop culture on into infinity}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Kids\u8217\'92 on into infinity. FUUUUCK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beware of asians, blondes, and redheads.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before you were mandrameen you were a sense  organ}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consumed by the body so that it can feed the soul so that it can move the flesh so that it can be consumed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consumed by the body}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So that it can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feed the soul}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So that it can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Move the flesh}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So that it can be}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consumed by the body}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do I deserve life?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do you want me to say? Yes? No? At some point you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll realize that you\u8217\'92ve just uttered a collection of noises that has no other meaning than what you make it. \u8216\'91Deserve\u8217\'92. \u8216\'91Life\u8217\'92. Even \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92. These have so much depth that it would take a million lifetimes to make the first step. So just shutup.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Syncretics}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thhe core of gnostic conflict - if this world is corrupt, then so are this world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rulers. So the faith is reformed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Schism - hints at previous kingdom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s glory - two different kings both claiming the title (one being a woman) - kingdom abandoned by god. Our story takes place during the ascension of this kingdom.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fishtail plant. Tiny needles in the sap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stumptail}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto - at school I wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even the best. The best was vasquez. What happened/ he got killed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t trust god. In order to trust someone you have to understand them. I don\u8217\'92t understnad god. I dont trust him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That feeling of looking into the eyes of someone speaking blasphemies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Try to burn someone alive - downpour of rain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The reality is, no one on this earth has any real conception of how dumb they are. And how could you? If you thought the words coming out of your mouth were dumb, you wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t speak them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A meaty face that seemed to pop out of his skull}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scientists are not arbiters of the truth. They are arbiters of the most reasonable conclusion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help people. You can help an individual, not people. You understand what I\u8217\'92m saying? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. You think you do, but you don\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is people if not a collection of individuals?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get it. The frame of mind you\u8217\'92re in - you like the idea of helping, but you\u8217\'92re mind isn\u8217\'92t geared towards helping people. I need help right now, and what have you offered? You\u8217\'92ve got this idea that your change is going to have a permanent affect on things. Cause people will always be, an individual dies, supplanted by the next poor soul who needs help. You have this idea that you can solve someone\u8217\'92s suffering for them, and you can\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you understand the difference between being someone who helps people, and saying you want to help people?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We're right and everybody knows it. The rest are in willful rebellion." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every person you meet has an intellect and an identity - the intellect is  a sword, the identity is the hand that wields it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Condition where you scratch your legs - feels like ant bites.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything is sacred. Blur the line betwee clean and unclean. Aghori.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People like to separate eachother based on conclusions. I think this is right, yo think that. But what really separates people is the method used to reach a conclusion. A person of faith is more like another person of faith than a person of reason. - mazyd}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can you guys shut  up?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy angry at all the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91don\u8217\'92t get mad ata god, creation is perfect.\u8217\'92 Bullshit look at me. Was this a plan? Why didn\u8217\'92t you get it?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Methods to break the habits of living. If right handed, do everything with left hand. Fall into a trance out of habit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Charisma is about certainty and victory. Followers will last for as long as the victories do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Charismatic authority is opposed to legal authority. The charsimatic leader will trample on the law in the expectation that his followers will do the same. Jim jones would throw the bible down and stamp on it.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Defeated. Requiem}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(1879)  Battle of Telish }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cannot tell you the truth, only the most reasonable explanation. The truth is often something different. I can only work with the evidence available.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He is swift}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She is slow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He is slow}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She is swift}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mischevious god - I am who I am because its not worth talking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Youtube channels are the gurus of the west.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jobs - dont want you to learn, they want you to apply skills. Learning implies that you do not yet know what you are doing, and this is an inefficiency.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Science is about truth. Religion is about the most reasonable explanation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The righteous mind book. Jon haidt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eating nothing but fruit from trees in the jungle. Before long I realized that I was harming the trees by plucking their fruit, so I ate only what fell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Have you ever eaten your own shit before? Convince them that the goal in life is to eat your own shit. The people who realizethis are those who ascend - a joke to highlight the little assumptions and take other people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s word for it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pirlo lifted the lid on the pranks he and his team-mates would pull on Gattuso. He said: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rino has always been my favourite target.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93During meal times at Milan, we\u8217\'92d invent all sorts to torment him. When he got his verbs wrong, which was pretty much the whole time, we\u8217\'92d jump on him immediately.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And then when he actually got them right, we\u8217\'92d make out that it was still wrong just to wind him up even more!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me, Massimo Ambrosini, Alessandro Nesta, Filippo Inzaghi, Christian Abbiati, and Massimo Oddo \endash  that was the group of b******s right there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Rino, how are you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Bad. We got beat yesterday. I was better if we won."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Rino, try again. It's: 'I'd be better if we'd won.'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it's the same thing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Not exactly, Rino."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fine then. I'd be better if we'd won."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Rino, just how ignorant are you? 'I was better if we won.' That's how you say it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But that's what I said before."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What, Rino?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That thing about winning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What thing, Rino? Can you repeat it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You could see the red mist coming down and he just wasn't able to hide it. We could tell what was coming and so we'd commandeer all the knives. Gattuso would grab a fork and try to stick it in us. On more than one occasion, he struck his intended target and the fork sank into our skin. We were as soft as tuna; the kind you can cut with a breadstick. Some of us ended up missing games because of one of Rino's fork attacks, even if the official explanation from the club was one of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93muscle fatigue\u8221\'94.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wanted to change the world}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Breathe. Move. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re changing the world. You view too narrow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thats not really changing the world, is it. Look at those ruins. A whole civilization. Might as well not be there at all. Hunreds of people}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thousands, elrahet corrected.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Answer every statement with: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not entirely true\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They took our land!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You took it from the Hopi. The hopi took it from the sheldri. The sheldri took it from lizards. The lizards took it from the plants. The plants took it from the earth. The earth took it from the primordial source.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2 guys who bet on everything. Everything.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Youth - competition to be the wildest, most impulsive.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dream of having genital warts}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Horrible dream, so I woke up to get away from the dream}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Was difficult to wake up. Sometimes you get that sleep paralysis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I woke up and there were the genital warts. I was so shocked that I came to believe that these warts couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be real, that I was still dreaming. And of course I was. Once you realize you\u8217\'92re in a dream it becomes obvious. Things don\u8217\'92t resolve themselves fast enough. There isn\u8217\'92t enough detail. So I tried to wake up, and again it was hard. But I woke up. My dream was about dreaming about having genital warts.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the Son of God is not worth fighting over, then who is?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Keyshawn - for years I was the good kid. Then I got curious, and thats where it led me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 repeating something someone else says with no actual comprehension of the truth value of the statement }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy built like warren sapp - belly - but when you see the legs, the ass, the hulking back, its like fuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your Family?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jesus forgives jim because Jim doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what he is doing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think it is good to fight back. I am an atheist. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t love people like Jesus does.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hassle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tides of the galaxy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apple juice is a laxative.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A little nut grab. A little dirt kick. A little, uh, yeah, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re boring me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48sCx-wBs34"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48sCx-wBs34}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5 is sacred}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VdoHkriP3M"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VdoHkriP3M}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re lookin for alpha males, and your lookin for dogs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Artist: someone who can operate within a space of ambiguity. Words are difficult to give preciseness to. Hard to predict exactly how someone will interpret them. Its why skilled artists gravitate towards the abstract. They want something they can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hating space burial because its like robbing the earth. You were giving something and you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want it to go away. You want to be eternal. You think you\u8217\'92re special. Fuck you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want his money. I just want him to not have it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A mud spring. A mud pot. Mud volcano. That was a whole thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most things in florida are better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Florida is like 34th in education.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you think being intelligent makes life more enjoyable then you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re probably not too intelligent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frog when blinks the eyes squeeze into the head.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dear lord, hand me half a burger. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll give you the glory!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Give glory to the lord for the great things he has done. And what about the terrible things? Who gets the glory then?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You fight for liberty?  YOu don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what you fight for}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Root whip}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can have liberty, or you can have justice. You cannot have both.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peace!? There is nothing as disgusting as peace. No greater violence than an enforced peace. Enforced peace is nothing but a ruse to let the masters get away. In the invincible veil of ignorance you cannot punish. Without terror there is no virtue.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You think that exchange of power, term limits matter? What will happen is the people at the top will create a degree of separation, a company that feeds the system. A revolving door between public and private and so the whole thing maintains stability. There is no real transfer of power. It is an illusion.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zagesi}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shurrupak. Eresh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first thing you have to do is come to peace with who you are. The second thing you have to do is come to peace with who everyone else is.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anything can be true if you only consider evidence that proves your hypothesis. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meskalamdug.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Borsippa}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yaditheen}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yadi}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t break his heart. Break his bones.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anatamosing - an artist who happily supports his or her own progress.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Close your eyes I want to give you a present - stabs him}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the ruins, mazyd correctly places the dynasty period of ruins. How did you know? Temple and palace are separated.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why would you need separation? How did bifuration of power first happen?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Religion wants to separate - when things go wrong, don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to blame the temple. Need someone to point the finger at.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rinsing a fire opal with water to reveal the color.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Death cult distinction - those who think just killing works, and those who think the spark has to be purified or else it comes right back. Salavan is part who thinks it needs to be purified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kalemites are rare version of old-time primal religion when moon was lusting for power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Push him until he decides to lose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Longer blade is all floppy so you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t defend with the top half of the blade.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Feel the blood pooling in the fingertips.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conversation about the future of mankind}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do you think it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all going to end}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Any way to do it more casually?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Humans are dumb. Can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see the consequences of our actions. Do good but it ends up making things worse. Solving problems creates more problems. That is the nature of the world. Stuck in a sisyphus wheel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Story of sisyphus but different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kudzu}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Far\line Farmer is dealing with soil erosion }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some men, the only times they feel alive are when their killing someone else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Offer mandri a borcandi spine he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been chwing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy runs around in steroid rage just absolutely screaming. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m that motherfucker. I want all the smoke!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Calm dude - he  wants all the smoke.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy prays before taking out wasp nest with bare hands. Does it super slowly without looking at it. Only feeling. Wasps crawling over his hands, not stinging. Fingers slowly clawing at it. Clumps of wasps and nesting material falling out}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Written language looks like stick figures - sillhouetting as symbols to talk long-distance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dancing - literally poetry in motion}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Represent full syllables - meanings.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Helps common people learn the writing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When kings send messages, they send a dance troupe.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Trunk.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ometecuhtli}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Omecihuatl}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ometeotl - dual supreme god.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Axis mundi}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Slight frame shaped by billowing garmets. So slight that it seemed like a strong wind might catch her garments and send her swirling up into the heavens.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vituperations.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spall. The spall of nations.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Religion is not the opiate of the masses. It is a psychotropic. It makes you see gods where there are none.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ultimate fate of any organism in a population is to become either}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1) the ancestor of everyone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2) the ancestor of nobody}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You better watch it. You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll get done up one of these nights.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m randy for new material.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You ever been pregnant before?\line No.\line You sure? You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d be surprised how many colds go on for 9 months and come out weighing six and a half pounds.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Like a wave that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s crashed on the shore and spent it\u8217\'92s energy charging the dunes, only to realize it was never going to happen, and it recedes, dissolves into the sand.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cunning vixen. The slattern. May lightning take you! Your championship is misplaced. Your gallant will die like a rabbit!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wake up sluggard.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A fistful of ashes. That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s all that\u8217\'92s left.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Certain if you can believe it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Real men use _}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Real men?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then what am I?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A fake man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A woman?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yesterday you said you would fuck every woman in the world. Would you fuck me?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It doesn't cost any money, idk about being free... }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - a soul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Being killed by the regime is a sign of gods favor. Suffering for god is an achievement.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle making fun of another artist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to understand that people are capable of expression. Saw him paint a picture of the saint burning and his face looks like he\u8217\'92s getting his feet massaged.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ever seen a man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s butthole?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is it with the infatuation with faces in art? If dogs made art, would they focus on the buttholes? Mandri made buttholes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Statue - self portrait as hank knew me (dog\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perspective)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri - spare the rod, spoil the child. - potential instead of fag.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to tell how much fuckwittery is inside someone\u8217\'92s head just by looking at them. Sob was an exception to that rule.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he won the lottery, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d turn it down because he\u8217\'92d have to walk too far to pick up the winnings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wonder of a cloth that can stand up to the sun - colors dont wash out - and its soft!!! Usually its pick one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 General flips a coin to decide where to take his army}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What is love? Love is a word. Its not a property f matter. There is an infinitude of possible human experience and yet 90 percent of people get stuck on the rock of love and die there.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strt}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When crumbling people meet.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri says something to pop Ayram off. Like, I thought you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d help these jandri folk. There are many edges in this world. The edge someone uses to make sense of the world. Rich vs poor. Hrkan vs outlander. Or maybe it\u8217\'92s man vs. Woman. There\u8217\'92s only one true edge: people who make themselves, and people who are made.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existence_precedes_essence"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 existence precedes essence}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before you were mandrameen you were a human being. What made you mandrameen? Was it you?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve lived for the greater part of my life as a homosexual that can\u8217\'92t express himself sexually because the Holy Spirit refrains me from doing anything that will only harm my spirit, His grace is sufficient for me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know the condemnation that I have experienced living with same sex attraction. Never to be able to have a family. I am sure you have your own fight of faith, we all have something that needs daily attention to keep our flesh down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Living with condemnation day in and day out, I finally came to an unorthodox approach, I was exhausted and tired of having desires for men. I threw my arms up and gave thanks for homosexuality. It certainly felt odd, but I was giving thanks in all things, as Paul instructed the Thessalonians. Days later, the condemnation lifted. I thanked God for all sins and blessings alike. Giving thanks in all things became liberating. And then I heard the words from the Lord, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93be yourself and love Me\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You may think I am justifying my answer. Not at all. I am convinced of certain things just as you are convinced of certain things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You see, I found a way out. When I gave thanks for my sin, the condemnation left me. It helped by giving me courage to thank the Lord for everything. I found that a power was working on my behalf and little bit at a time, the desire for men waned, masturbation ebbed and it has become less to almost nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every once in a while, I will feel lonely and I may think about having a male companion. But it last for a little while and then it goes. Such is a thorn in my flesh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a rat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just say a rat. Thats too culture centric. Like chinese. What do they call a rat?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 YOu have my unconditional support. Unless conditions change}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That doesnt make sense. Just say conditional support}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No. My support is unconditional in the current conditions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ganibal - pushkin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grandfather}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rotkirkh, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Baraminology - evolution - creationist - kinds - absurd}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pol's aim was to plunge the country into an inferno of revolutionary change where, certainly, old ideas and those who refused to abandon them would perish in the flames, but from which Cambodia itself would emerge, strengthened and purified, as a paragon of communist virtue. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Short also thought that the Khmer Rouge's ideology stood apart from other forms of Marxism due to its "monastic stress on discipline", with "the systematic destruction of the individual" being a "hallmark" of its ideology.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEShort2004193-423"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 420]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouge believed that in order to crush the individualistic attitude that they thought was endemic in Cambodian society, coercion was needed to ensure the creation of a collectivised state.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEShort2004232%E2%80%9333-424"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 421]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Short noted that an underlying doctrinal view among the Khmer Rouge was that "it is always better to go too far than not far enough", an approach that was "at the root of many of the abuses" which occurred under their regime.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEShort2004283-425"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 422]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Within the Communist Party itself, hunger, lack of sleep, and long hours of labour were employed at training camps to ramp up the physical and mental pressure and thus facilitate indoctrination.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEShort2004318-426"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 423]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Short commented that "no other communist party" in history ever went "so far in its attempts directly to remould the minds of its members". }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Pol Pot's real name is Saloth Sar, and that his father was a landowner distantly related to the royal family. A third version is that Pol Pot is really Tol Sat }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pol Pot had a thirst for power.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEChandler19923-437"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 434]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~He was introspective,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEChandler19926-438"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 435]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~self-effacing,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEChandler1992159-439"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 436]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and displayed self-control.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEChandler1992159-439"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 436]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~He was also highly reclusive,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEChandler19927-8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~obsessed with secrecy,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEChandler1992182-440"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 437]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and fearful of the threat of assassination.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEChandler1992139-441"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 438]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~He was often in control while pretending not to be;}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pol_Pot#cite_note-FOOTNOTEChandler1992179-442"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 439]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Short stated that he "delighted in appearing to be what he was not\~\endash  a nameless face in the crowd" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Such was the darkness of that day, the tortures and lamentations of the afflicted, and the power of former presidents, that we walked in the clouds, and could not see our way." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not included is the different phenomenon\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ritual_murder"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ritual murder}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~or any\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ritual_abuse"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ritual abuse}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , which is sometimes referred to as witchcraft or witch-hunting (meaning the man-hunt for body-parts for ritual purposes). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fter confessions, the accused or self-accused children were rewarded with large amounts of meat to induce a purifying vomiting }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In May 2008, Amnesty International reported that up to 1,000 people in the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gambia"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gambia}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~had been abducted by government-sponsored "witch doctors" on charges of witchcraft, and taken to detention centers where they were forced to a drink poisonous concoction at gunpoint, known as kubejaro.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modern_witch-hunts#cite_note-13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 13]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~On 21 May 2009, the\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 New York Times}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~reported that the alleged witch-hunting campaign had been sparked by the Gambian President,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yahya_Jammeh"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yahya Jammeh}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The president continued a series of "witch hunts" over the next seven years, in which rural villagers experienced beatings, kidnappings, and forced confessions (after the ingestion of kubejaro, which often made the victims extremely weak or unconscious). Deaths that occurred during the time were due to the side effects of drinking kubejaro, such as kidney failure, or beatings. Later, the Gambian government launched an investigation of these crimes and opened a center to support the victims. However, a\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Washington Post}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~report found that many of the victims had received no support or outreach from such initiatives. Many of the victims also still suffer from health problems, such as pains, weakness, and anxiety.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modern_witch-hunts#cite_note-14"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 14]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the second day of Guadalcanal we captured a big Jap bivouac with all kinds of beer and supplies\~... But they also found a lot of pictures of Marines that had been cut up and mutilated\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Wake_Island#War_crimes"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 on Wake Island}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The next thing you know there are Marines walking around with Jap ears stuck on their belts with safety pins. They issued an order reminding Marines that mutilation was a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Court-martial"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 court-martial}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~offense\~... You get into a nasty frame of mind in combat. You see what's been done to you. You'd find a dead Marine that the Japs had booby-trapped. We found dead Japs that were booby-trapped. And they mutilated the dead. We began to get down to their level }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On February 1, 1943,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life_(magazine)"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Life}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~magazine published a photograph taken by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ralph_Morse"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ralph Morse}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~during the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guadalcanal_campaign"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guadalcanal campaign}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~showing a severed Japanese head that U.S. marines had propped up below the gun turret of a tank.\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Life}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~received letters of protest from people "in disbelief that American soldiers were capable of such brutality toward the enemy." The editors responded that "war is unpleasant, cruel, and inhuman. And it is more dangerous to forget this than to be shocked by reveminders." However, the image of the severed head generated less than half the number of protest letters that an image of a mistreated cat in the very same issue received, suggesting that American backlash was not significant }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Salavan sat Mandri down and told him to go out to the Sand and see the truth of the matter for himself. He said that the Sand has a way of destroying the things that blind a man to his true purpose. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He said that the desert heat would pull Mandri's mind out from his body, and if he lingered there in the sun, near to death, then all of Mandri\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s childish fantasies would evaporate. With his body hollow, Nature\u8217\'92s beauty would pour into him and force him to see the truth about the edge between himself and the Universe. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe then Mandri would accept the role that the Creator set out for him and all men.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think that his son would actually do it, but at the age of eighteen Mandrameen did, he ran away from home. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was only a mile out from Shagota when }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, Mandri. God-damned, idiot Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Only a mile out from shagota and he was already begging to regret his decision. But regret he could deal with, it was the pangs of ___ he could not.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Rose lunged at him with the knife, resulting in the knife embedding itself in the door, and three of Rose's fingers sliding down the blade, almost severing them from her hand. In response, Rose calmly wrapped her hand in a towel and said: "Look what you done, fella. You've got to take me to the hospital now. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wine that sloshes around everywhere but the stomach. Then you get the sorry feeling that the only way out is vomit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an old desert maxim that says, \u8220\'93Opinions are like nose hairs, you don\u8217\'92t realize you have them until you pluck them out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ass -staging ground for shit.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lizard pluck}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Severe hairstyle}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lotr meets the desert meets ayhauasca meets woody allen.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The future is stretched over lines of immanence rooted firmly in the past.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This led to the poem\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The U.S. sailor with the Japanese skull}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , which described one method for preparation of skulls for trophy-taking, in which the head is skinned, towed in a net behind a ship to clean and polish it, and in the end scrubbed with\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caustic_soda"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 caustic soda}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Disaster economics }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ok, so here's how this works. An upheaval or technological innovation gives the mercantile (business) class the ability to gain large amounts of wealth and challenge the landowner or gentry class. Using their new wealth they support political ideals that curtail the power of the gentry class and allow them the freedom to continue to accumulate wealth. That is when democracy happens. After a while, the mercantile class gains so much wealth that they look to 'lock in' that wealth by becoming the gentry class themselves. At that point their wealth goes towards political ideals that allow them to do that, such as fascism, totalitarianism, or feudalism. This is the cycle. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He rinses off in mineral water.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Die? No, I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t die. It was a feint from my organs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rapist soldier recieving child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mail.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His open mouth a silent scream, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the absence more haunting than the real thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Like knives from clouds on high.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Falling knives}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perfidious creature}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anger isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an emotion, it\u8217\'92s an outburst of logic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sting that hits the chest tightens the throat eyes well up and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to clench and then breath hard to get through it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its funny how a brush with death is forgetten almost as soon as it came. Like an ant that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t realie the existential threat of the shadow of a foot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get in power by other people, because the new people in power don\u8217\'92t want to be held to the same standard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 If ww3 happens today, it is happening with taco bell in my belly.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Did I miss some news?}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Yes, I had taco bell this morning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Argument from precedent - The old masters did it that way and they were fine. If people argued like that we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d still be ignorant of the rules of perspective. People used to shit in the streets and no, that wasn\u8217\'92t fine.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As you get higher up the holes tend to get a bit deeper. Its called fear. (chimney felling)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -relate to climbing potentially}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A rule of rhetoric - don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t convince with metaphor. Opponent, if creative, can easily turn the metaphor around, twist and extend it. Instead, stick to facts. Make them up if you have to, but the have to be concrete, something that isn\u8217\'92t easily twisted.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Skin on the eyeballs peeling off - lesions}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Love your taste in carpets.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Theres one more thing I wanted to mention, but I\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92ll misunderstand when I tell.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 What is it}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Oh, you\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92ll be bound to misunderstand.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Fortress is pregnable}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 A little shot at anarchism:}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 I imagine a sociiety where people help eachother to beat up. }
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Why would people help eachother?}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Its in their best interest.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 If your dream political state depends upon people doing what\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s in their best interest, then I can tell you, your shit out of luck.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Steve - comfort your wife.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 You\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92re her son you comfort her.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 I didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t choose to get involved with the woman. I made no vows. Go, steve.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Lifestyle where you believe your final moments is how you spend eternity. Pump up adrenaline. Torture. Old age is good.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Love and lust being used interchangably. Which comes first, love or lust. Wholly separate things, but then comes a romantic relationship. Lovestruck? Is that different? Love isnt a distinctly human emotion. Humans are the only ones who trick themselves into thinking its something more than what it is. Open with love. Physical attraction. Wanted to paint her portrait.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 You run like you\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92re hittin the dirt. Leave it alone.angry at the dirt.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old jandri, language of gods. Human form letters. All in the same hand. The pattern the could be copied, but the design, an attention to detail to told of a single mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A single person hollowing this place.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Major hogan is merely an engineer}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Major hogan\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s coat buttons up over a number of other duties, sir henry.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 When he speaks, he\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s so excited and so enthusiastic, that it looks like he\u8217\'92s in pain. Little fits of convulsions.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Fix - how did you end up in the jandri hills?}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 He became unstied}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 This is why we come to football, for those stupid moments you can laugh in someone\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Spud bar that a quarryman uses to pry rocks.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 its got fleas - fleas have got you}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 There\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s danger}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Danger we can handle}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Theres danger and then theres evil.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 They don\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t understand their own good luck. All we do is sort out their coungry, and all they do is froth at the mouth.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 You got a shaved butthole?\line No.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Good. More hay for the hayride.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 I want you at your fighting weight whn I bitchslap you around.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Do NOT put this shit on your balls.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Why someone join the dark? Just to part of the game. Just to be part of the story. To be someone.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Don\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t call me colonel. I was a wagonmaster general. Call me general.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Very well, wagonmaster.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Love her to diatraction}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Treat me as more than an ass. But also, here\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s my ass.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \~The error lies in thinking that one can titrate the application of violence to achieve exquisitely precise results. }
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Quadrille -Kwadreel}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Brimmed cap. Several tiers of flounced material,}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 This ain\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t flute camp.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Invincible Enmity}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Round is stronger than square shaped frames. Seems unintitive. Seems like squares are sturdy. But the stress on a round shape are evenly distributed. }
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Elrahet survives by using other bodies.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Cut close to my words, mandri}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 From 1693 to 1697,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Calef"}{\fldrslt\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Robert Calef}}{\f3\fs20\b0\i0 , a "weaver" and a cloth merchant in Boston, collected correspondence, court records and petitions, and other accounts of the trials, and placed them, for contrast, alongside portions of Cotton Mather's\~}{\f4\fs20\b0\i1 Wonders of the Invisible World}{\f3\fs20\b0\i0 , under the title\~}{\f4\fs20\b0\i1 More Wonders of the Invisible World}{\f3\fs20\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thing I hate most is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91reasonable\u8217\'92 men who sit around and put-put the both sides of an issue when the obvious evil is staring them in the face. And they refuse to see it because they\u8217\'92ve got this notion that there\u8217\'92s two sides to every story.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Border guard bribing. FSB agent shows up. Border guard tries to bribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How much have you made?\u8221\'94\line \u8220\'93Noneya\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How much\u8221\'94 shows FSB}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh shit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ill take half.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 corruption\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ideas don\u8217\'92t matter at all\u8221\'94, the general said. \u8220\'93The only thing that matters is the execution. If you\u8217\'92re good enough, you can make the dumbest idea work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \~Otherwise it's just unanchored dreams }
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Yeah I like futa, the federal unemployment tax act.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh, she cackled.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Solrah and Schisolrah}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 POTENTIAL : Eunch painter is actually MazydObo.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 The easiest way to conquer a people has been, adn will always be, to inflame internal tensions. Disagreement is the natural state of man.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Then, God spoke. "I am sorry," He said. "I created you, and I have failed you. I will not try again." }
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 With that, the world ended. }
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 When he speaks its like a burp is coming. Has to pause and his face gets all twisted.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fuck culture. all its good for is convincing people to go kill other people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 one-of-a-kind statement furniture? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only times ill wear clothes that people expet is weddings and funerals, because on those occasions, its not about me. Every other day, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all about me baby!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \~bubbies }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bravery vs cowardice - moto argues from perspective soldier, don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you think you\u8217\'92d rather them be brave? Not in all cases.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its a wonder you ever took over things. You people are dumb and corrupt.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Leaf blade - specific kind of leafe.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Ullr basin was caused by diverting the course of the river. Dead cities.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 How do you know that?\line \line It\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s common knowledge in the outland tribes.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 A braid of onions.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Dead people dont bleed very fast. Only gravity feed,}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 You never seen a butcher\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92s shop? Dead things don\u8217\'92t bleed that much unless their neck is cut and they\u8217\'92re hanging upside down.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 When reality doesn't fit with your beliefs, it might be a good idea to adjust the beliefs - not the viewing permissions on your Twitter account. }
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 What to paint}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 How to paint}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Who you are}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Problem solving proces}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 So meta game it}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Work on who you are, and what to paint comes naturally}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Work on problem solving process, and how to paint comes naturally.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Braids coming out the bottom of the shawl.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 We are narrative making machines.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Stupidity, as evidenced on Reddit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -He possibly couldn't sleep after murdering dear mommy--its not like bumper-bumper traffic in Aurora NE--and wrecked the car. Almost got a Darwin award.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -The article says it was a police chase.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 John bell - speakable and unspeakable in quantum mechanics - if you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re worried about superdeterminism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 David albert - quantum mechanics and experience.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cheetah doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the capacity to form a counterfactual. Can\u8217\'92t even worry about failure. It is pursuing the path of least resistance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even reptiles Plan multiple actions in the future.  - eye movements - the simplest problem of planning that have to be resolved every few hundred milliseconds - have to choose where to look in order to gather the right information to construct a scene. The anatomy of the eye entertains an million possible movements, places to look, and the brain  selects the one that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s most likely to provide new information.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chirs fields - did I do that or did the world do that? The world is everything outside me. In a sense, the answer is always the world did it, and so the question becomes did the world do that in response to something I did to it, or did it just do it, not in response to the consequence of any of my actions.  One gets immediately to this kind of babbling scenario, in which an infant or a robot tries to figure out, by measuring correlations, whether the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inputs into it have anything to do with its inputs to the world. Jsut asking that question requires enourmous represntative capacity - represent one\u8217\'92s actions, in time, and one has to have a good memory to represent enough actions to get any kind of statistical support about drawing correlations, and that memory has to be represented as a memory, not just part of current input. So how does this all start? This agency. It starts with babbling.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re first born into any universe, you ahve to work out what causes what. First thing is work out what you can or cant control. Epistemic plan to reveal knowledge - motor babbling - reveal the cause. Baby rattleing its rattle - muscle rattling its sense, audible reality. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Curiosity all the way down. Every system is trying to figure out what is going on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Principles of optimum bayesian experimental design - design an experiment. Curiosity - actively configuring some process to generate something that can be sensed or measured that maximally resolves our uncertainty or affords the greatest amount of information.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Panpsychism - commit to Vagueness}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of philosophy could be answered if this could be answered: How many grains of sand before this becomes a pile? The pile becomes a dune? At some point, consciousness arises.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The move from a continuous to discrete model of time as complexity scales up. Mice whisking- they whisk at that frequencey - the touch the palpate every three hundred milliseconds - pace of speech - every phoneme is reaching your ears every three hundred milliseconds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 300 millisecond - discrete update of the state of a human being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Babbling all the way down - everything reaching out trying to figure out what is going on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quantum vacuum - field iteslf is babbling - things popping into and out of existence. The field is exploring things outside of itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 PALPATION}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bernardo kastrup }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAB21FAXCDE"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAB21FAXCDE}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Phenomenological experience as ripples of the one mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wigner - mathematical modeling the natural world}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That sitting in an armchair, using math, could predict equations that would describe quasars and black holes and quantum phenonmena etc. Why? Because our personal minds and nature at large rest upon the same natural Mind. That the inanimate universe is studied and described with math, is just the appearance, the image of transpersonal mental processes Out There, which comport themselves in preferred ways, in archetypal ways, in concordance with mind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sym-pathetic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deception is the prime directive of mind. At the bottome there is mind being mind, telling itself narratives about what it is.Whithout these narratives, nothing would be real. It is this process of self-deception that creates any sense of objectivity and concreteness and reality. \\\\}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The vertigo of edglessness}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thunder is air rushing into superheated void left by lightning.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wolpert on dembski}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nonetheless, there are several points intimately related to Dembski's work that bear emphasizing. First, biologists in particular and scientists in general are horribly confused defenders of their field. When responding to attacks from non-scientists, rather than attempt the rigor that the geometry of induction and similar bodies of statistics provide, they fall back on Popperian incantations, trying to browbeat their opponents into acceding to the homily that if one follows certain magic rituals---the vaunted "scientific method"---then one is rewarded with The Truth. No mathematically precise derivation of these rituals from first principles is provided. The "scientific method" is treated as a first-category topic, opening it up to all kinds of attack. In particular, in defending neo-Darwinism, no admission is allowed that different scientific disciplines simply cannot reach the same level of certainty in their conclusions due to intrinsic differences in the accessibility of the domains they study. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No free lunch theorems into nihilism}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Religions are vacuous fables which humans tell themselves to comfort themselves in the vast exapnse. Most people react with screaming fear and I think that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the basis for a lot of religion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Economics of religion - those that are most successful are those that make the most demands of their practitioners.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A good painting should ambush you. Is that a quality of the painting, or the viewer?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Themes of ambush with expectations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet to Seb -  Every time I pull you out of your body, you grow right back like a weed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet - at least when a lizard puffs its chest at me, it does it because it knows it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s small.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This life is a kind of trance. No spatial temporal under the influence of drugs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Be a little empathetic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Empathetic? No. Its got the word pathetic in it, so I won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get someone to like - simply never disagree. Disagreement ruins attitudes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am beloved }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are betolerated.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I like to think of it like this. Farming fields are stationary, which makes them easy targets. If you want to control someone who depends on that field for food, you have to deny them access, usually with violence. If someone forages for food, however, it is more difficult to control them because it requires control over a much larger area and over the animals and resources within. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s easy to control a wheat field, hard to control a forest or river. Someone with access to enough food that they do not need to remain near a stationary field would be more mobile, more flexible, and more difficult to control. Pastoralists would be somewhere in between, more vulnerable than foragers but harder to control than a farmer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you scale that up, you could say that the harder it is to target a country\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s resources, the harder it is to control that country.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 entheogen used in rituals }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since Amanita contains toxic compounds, direct consumption is ill advised, different methods to prepared Amanita to reduce these effects were known to Siberian peoples. One of these methods to reduce the bad effects is to dry Amanita. Though there are not sources that say this was commonly done on the branches of trees. It would have been common to hang food to dry in houses or place it on the roof of a house and cover it with felt to prevent it form being foraged by animals. (Bonus method to reduce bad effects: A person (often a shaman) would consume Amanita, after which the psychoactive substances are present in their urine. Then a person could drink the urine, the entheogenic effects would be present, but many of the toxic compounds would not be present in the urine.) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Character is much easier kept than recovered." - Thomas Paine }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Put myself betwixt two titans of literature. Sometimes gold glitters, sometimes it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All that glitters is not gold, but all that is gold does not glitter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I tell you what, that boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bread ain\u8217\'92t baked all the way through.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chymick flame}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kierkegarrd - life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Charles II making fun of early royal society - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93spending time only in weighing of ayre, and doing nothing else since they sat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renaissance tradition of condensing a whole book into it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fronticepiece}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert hooke (Micrographia) on Francis Bacon in NEw ORganon. Our minds and senses betray us because of the fall, thus we need rely on the mechanical, the expirimental.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Story about guy who wakes up with no idea who he is, comes under attck, fights to survive, then comes to realize that the reason everyone is trying to kill him is because he is diseased and killing everyone else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Open with a single occupancy bathroom - grey wallpaper, our hero is asleep - looks dead - knock on door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You still in there Zed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zed wakes up. He has no idea who he is or where he is. Has some idea of what he is doing - pooping on the toilet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leaves toilet, coworker runs in. Enters small 3-man office. He questions other coworker in office - what is going on, who am I, etc. Coworker thinks he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s joking at first. When realizes he\u8217\'92s serious, reaches for a pistol, fires, and missess. Our hero charges, a scuffle ensues, and hero kills coworker. Other coworker comes out of bathroom, in apparent disbelief that hero has killed someone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Authorities come in, and buy the story  that dead coworker was suffering from amnesia and needed to be killed - story upheld by clueless pooping coworker.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hero is dropped off at his \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91home\u8217\'92. A \u8216\'91wife\u8217\'92 is there. At this point, he knows not to reveal he has no idea who he is, or who she is. Funny hijinks ensue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ends with him looking down at earth, burning up because of him, muttering, realizing he should have just been killed as soon as he was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91born\u8217\'92. He mutters, \u8216\'91oops\u8217\'92. And then \u8216\'91Oh well.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The foundational bullshit theory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every ideology has underylying bullshit at it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s base. Because the world is complex. People choose their ideology based on what bullshit they happen to notice first. Everything is a reaction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Free the world by the lengh of an arrow shaft each time I pull my bow.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Put a horses head in the river.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pull it up, and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s covered in eels.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Smile, it could be worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Punch him in the nose.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What the fuck.\u8221\'94\line \u8220\'93Smile, it could be worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Club-head fungus}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Put a horses head in the river.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pull it up, and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s covered in eels.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gladiator - mandri is forced into playing a role - he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s going to be champion - doesn\u8217\'92t matter that he can\u8217\'92t fight, its fixed - situation where opponent is like, hurry up and kill me. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The mechanics of emotional investment. Sport is Always tied up in politics. You want people to come, they\u8217\'92ve got to feel like *they* are under attack, and you are their defender. Because the truth is that you don\u8217\'92t have the first fucking thing to do with them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 My prayers run a 4.20 forty}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Want to know how to be a leader of men? Gets them girls. And that should in to the corollary - a man who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s got a girl ain\u8217\'92t gonna follow you.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Politicking}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  behind the scenes at a world cup - elon, kushner, etc.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Democracy is just kingmakers without the kings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Uncertitarian - belief that any form of certainty is categorically evil, excepting of course the belief that any form of  certainty is categoriclly evil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forming uninformed opinions is formative to the human being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once you get out of the crab basket (rating hole) its a different game.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oof, your glare has got a strong Spark. I wonder what it is you do for a living.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I move men who don\u8217\'92t want to be moved.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nodding, really grokking it, missing the point of the threat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, you must be a wrestler! Is that what you are? You\u8217\'92re an itinerant wrestler, and this your traveling troupe. You\u8217\'92ve certainly got the size for it. I hear there are big purses in Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Ethicate}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Lizard on the body}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Lizard that eats whole like a snake - komodo dragon.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Human beings are wind-up toys. If you want them to go in a certain direction, you can\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92t push them. You cant reason with them. You\u8217\'92ve got to change the environment they\u8217\'92re running on.}
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Appeasement only encourages ambition. }
\par\plain \f3\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs20\b0\i0 Profane illumantion}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0    much less a Solitant priest whose entire life was spent chasing the high of righteousness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Friction between kalemites and soleans over art. Soleans believe it is sacreligious to even frame a picture. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - it is an embrace of the individual??}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -If you really want to know someone, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to consume their art.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not going to convince me there\u8217\'92s no differnece between good and bad things.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Idea for a movie:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Intro good-feeling people. Help eachother out - selfelss -we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re the good guys under attack. They wipe the floor with the \u8216\'91bad guys\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Camera lingers on the dead bodies}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lingers a little too long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One is still alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is our new MC.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The theology of the book is somewhere in between panpsychism and idealism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, what happened is there was a unity whole - a singluarity - the omnispark. This was god. Fulfillment. Exploded. Shards of the spark, in the differences between them constitute reality - space-time , which in themselves are conscious. Innate desire to be unified.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kind of like plato\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s idealism, kind of like gnostic beliefsf}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 White consciousness Deleuze??? - the material world is the prism through which white consciousness is spectrumed out into all it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s many variations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.quora.com/Are-particles-conscious"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.quora.com/Are-particles-conscious}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For\~if\~experience is the essence of the physical, then the fundamental \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93psychon\u8221\'94 of experience isn\u8217\'92t just preposterously small; it\u8217\'92s also preposterously short-lived. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 completely ridiculous anthropic principle }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is my entire town. Empty storefronts everywhere, but when you ask about a lease, it's absurd. The owners are like anemones, waiting for a large chain's algorithm to spit the address out as a build location so they can cash in. The low carrying cost of land means they can camp indefinitely. If the city starts to torment them with nitpicky fines (lighting, safety regs, etc) they just build an automated car wash.... meanwhile it's illegal to start a business in your attached garage. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have smoked everyday for 15 years, besides quitting while pregnant and the offtimes I couldn't find a dealer before it was legal for recreational use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I definitely think I am addicted. No joke about it. But perhaps it's not in itself an addictive substance. It's just that we become too dependant on how we feel when we are high, or how acceptable mediocrity is when we are high.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I know past times when I've quit, I struggle with boredom more than anything else. And the boredom seems just so unavoidable, you have to make it over this weird hurdle of reclaiming the joy you once had in your hobbies and stuff like that. It's not easy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You said it perfectly, friend. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m addicted, and I\u8217\'92d be lying to myself if I said otherwise. A lot of it is habit - I like the hand-to-mouth of smoking joints while doing other things. And part of it self-medicating. Weed helps my anxiety in the short term, but definitely hurts my depression in the long term.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t touched my guitar in years, and my only real hobby lately has been hiking (which I do stoned). My place is a mess and I\u8217\'92m really not on top of things like I used to be (aside from work).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I find it easiest to abstain when I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m busy. The temptation is way stronger when I\u8217\'92m sitting around doing nothing, so I just find ways to keep my mind occupied. (I\u8217\'92m single w/o kids, though, so this is probs more realistic for me than for others)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Have you noticed a change in your sleep quality? When I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m smoking, I wake up everyday feeing like I got hit by a bus. That\u8217\'92s not the case when I\u8217\'92m abstaining for long periods}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I like weed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 turning some personal setbacks and resentments into a general theory of social ills}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Didnt realize until he was thirty that hes supposed tochew his food.\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}