{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a metallic, tinny tone that quivered like a strandtail\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warble, only it was ten times louder and harsher than any shriek any bird could ever make. That damned sound cut through the rock so clearly that its source might as well have been in the room. For Mandri, it was an ear-splitting pain, but to Obo it was doing something stranger.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Mandri hard-hearted, practically stone, so when the storm was gone he was much the same.}
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah fetched her basket and gathered her ministrations. She swept herself up, and before she left the room she turned and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Watch him.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri started to speak, then gave pause to give the question good consideration. And it seemed Moteah was actually interested in the answer, skeptical though she was. He decided, in the end, that if she had any self doubt he should strike at it. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t some strategy to wiggle out of his Minder\u8217\'92s grip, this was just the kind of thing Mandri liked to do. She deserved it anyways.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb rushed by Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room, then came back, noticing the fresh new vantage punched into the foot of the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move out of the way!\u8221\'94 she shouted as she ran in. She kicked Mandri\u8217\'92s hip, then squatted down and started firing arrows at the marching men. They were close enough now that their eyes could be seen peering over their shields.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb fired her arrows with ruthless efficiency, but judging by the stream of curses that followed every shot, she was missing her mark. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb grabbed her bow in both hands and snapped it on her knee. She tossed the kindling at Mandri and pulled her dagger, then fled from the room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri surprised himself by not looking away. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never been able to match this kind of directness before. There was always this uncanny fear that would force him to look away. But nowadays, he was Sparkless. What did he have to fear? There was plenty of room inside him for anyone who wanted to have a look around. There was nothing to steal or break.}}