{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man who expects too much sets out into the Sand alone. Unbeknown to him, a woman who expects too little sets out from the opposite direction. These two travelers happen to cross paths in the shifting middle of the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Empty Portion. They are hundreds of leagues from any farm or road, hundreds of years from anyone ever setting foot in that spot of the world again. It is the most unlikely convergence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man who expects too much will doubt the significance of this meeting. He actually expects to find a bit of strangeness out in the great sand sea. The desert is large but the world is small and full of chance encounters. He looks at the woman who he has stumbled upon, and all he can see is the fulfillment of expectation. That is all this meeting is to the man who expects too much; no need to invoke the name of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The other traveler, the woman who expects too little, is stunned by the significance of the moment. She did not expect to see another person in a place where no one else should be. After all, this part of the Sand is large and full of nothing. For this to happen, for two Sparks to meet in a wasteland without intending it, well, it could not be a simple coincidence. She and he must have been brought together for some purpose. Overwhelmed by this glimpse of the divine plan, she turns her eyes to the heavens and invokes the name of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The story ends there. It is nineteen long lines in the original Old Jandri script, nineteen lines scratched into an old clay tablet the size of a washing board. Some say the ending is missing, that there is another tablet hidden in some secret vault of some ancient city buried by time, waiting for providence to be revealed. Solitants preach that there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 must}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be another tablet, one which proves that the story is about Solraheen Himself. They say Solraheen is the man who expects too much. The woman is his first apostle. It is the story of their meeting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But what do they know?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe that man was just a man and the woman was just a woman and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all there was to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what Seb believed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sometimes she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d dare to venture further and say that the man and woman never existed at all and that the story was nothing but a fable. She\u8217\'92d tell anyone who\u8217\'92d listen to her liquored up sermons that this story, the raw events, were not important. What was important was the lesson, and there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a lesson in those nineteen lines, a lesson that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s made easier to see by asking a few simple questions:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  What would have happened if the woman had journeyed into the desert and made it through safely without encountering a single Spark? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Absolutely nothing would have happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If nothing had happened, would she have glimpsed the divine plan? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Absolutely not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She would have trudged along the ridges of the ergs, shoulder set against the wind, head downcast, and she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have given a single thought to Solraheen except to pray for her safety. She never would have been overwhelmed by His mysteries. She never would have shed a tear at the wonder of chance. She never would have turned her eyes to the heavens and laced His name with magnificence. Yet Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand would have been there all the same. His hand is there and it is always there. It is there in the meeting, and it is there in the absence of it. It is there in the pain and in the pleasure. To be struck dumb by the sight of His plan in one instance and not the other is the same as to not see the plan at all. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The key to avoiding this blindness was to avoid expectations. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the lesson at the bottom of the story. Put simply, expectations turn the vividness of the present moment into an ignorable blur.  Or, in Seb\u8217\'92s parlance, \u8220\'93Expectations will get ya up the ass.\u8221\'94 And as she said it, that\u8217\'92s how it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop her from having expectations herself. No one is perfect. Not even Solraheen. If He was perfect, He wouldn\u8217\'92t be dead. Still, Seb was an old hand at managing low expectations, as forty years of living in a desert that most languages call Emptiness made it easy to keep expectations as low as possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like clouds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb did not expect to see clouds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This close to the coast one might have expected to see a bit of moisture pluming the sky but Seb knew better. She knew how the Hias mountains shadowed the Junkug hills from rain, how the Istil wind was too weak to carry water up and over those peaks, which was strange because the Hias were hardly mountains at all.  The Burgos mountains, those were mountains, fully grown mountains with bald heads and stern granite faces frowning at pilgrims passing by. The Hias were nothing but big mounds of dirt pimpled with boulders. Their chins were tufted with thornscrub. The weakest watering wind should be able to make it up and over those pubescent lumps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The winds used to be able to do it, in some ancient age. The evidence was gouged into the foothills on the leeward side. Every saddle of the Hias slumped down into a wash of lighter orange clay, remnants of streams and rivers, and these orange washes snaked down through the red foothills for as far as there were foothills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The run of color was not easily seen when she stood in the foothills themselves. Down there she could only see sun-baked clay, and that clay was so hard that it was difficult to imagine it had ever seen rain. If she spat on the ground, the dry air would suck it up before the spit got the chance to seep. Some of that had to do with the fact that her spit was thick and sticky from all the borcandi spines she chewed, but still, it proved the point. It was like the ground had been dry for so long that it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 to get wet. Like that lonesome spearman who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been at war for so long, that when he returned home to the kindness of his wife, he killed her; couldn\u8217\'92t deal with a tender loving. The Hias hills were like that. They were like that all the way down to the Junkug plain. A lot of the Sand was like that. Hateful. Nothing lived in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Absolutely nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were lizards, but lizards were everywhere so they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count. Piss on a rock, any rock, and some little lizard would scuttle out from nowhere to sip the urine. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Birds didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count either because they were only passing through. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beetles could be found by ripping the waxy bark off bamber trees. Sometimes Seb would have to bore all the way into the tree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stringy, yellow core to find them. But green crusted beetles don\u8217\'92t count as \u8216\'91something\u8217\'92. The problem with them is that their shells guard a smell that makes the stomach curl, and that smell can\u8217\'92t be boiled or steamed, so they aren\u8217\'92t good eating, and as far as Seb was concerned, if something wasn\u8217\'92t good eating it wasn\u8217\'92t a thing at all. The only things worth paying any mind were things that kill and the things that nourish, and those beetles were neither.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everything else was nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s women out in the Sand, but women were boring. There\u8217\'92s men, but that\u8217\'92s all Seb would say about them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they\u8217\'92re out there. There were other things too, but mostly there was nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what Seb saw as she stood atop one of the Hias foothills and looked out over the empty Junkug plain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a bunch of nothing. It didn\u8217\'92t help that her eyes weren\u8217\'92t good at seeing way far out. Way far out was mostly a blur. But even if she could see, she knew there wouldn\u8217\'92t be a horizon because it\u8217\'92d be lost in the shimmer of a mirage, the kind that looks like water, only it's not. A mirage was the perfect metaphor for how Seb saw the Sand, because it looked like something, but really, it was nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lots and lots of nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ey, Seb! There's somethin \u8216\'91ere!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears pricked at the words. The shout had come from a nearby ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Quick and spry as a lizard zipped up on spike, Seb scrambled over to the lip of that ravine and peered down into its deep belly. One of her fellow Ayramun was standing in the middle of it, wearing the ordinary pokeish garb: swaddled from head to toe in brown wool, and dusted red by clay. Seb knew it was Gugi down there because of the way he stood. Only she and Gugi stood with that twitchy restlessness that marks out a Outland poke who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not stopped chewing the spines of borcandi leaves since the day they were weaned off the tit. Also, Gugi was a little taller than most, a little lankier. He stuck his skinny arm up in the air and waved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sneered back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put ya goddamn hand down,\u8221\'94 she shouted. \u8220\'93I can see ya jus\u8217\'92 fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then get your boney ass down here!\u8221\'94 Gugi shouted back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb harrumphed, then started her climb down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As far as ravines go, it was as full of nothing as any other ravine. Steeper than most. She struggled to find purchase on the slope. She was forced into a clumsy half-scramble-half-slide to get to the bottom, which was about thirty yards down. This particular ravine was that it was even and straight, almost like a road. The whole run was speckled with the big, dried husks of karkle bushes. Gugi was standing in front of one of these, looking a little spooked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb took her time ambling over. She fingered a fresh borcandi spine out of her sleeve pocket as she went. She knew there wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be anything worth noticing because Gugi had a penchant for pointing out any old thing that caught his interest. Maybe there\u8217\'92d be a pricked-up drag-belly hissing inside that bush, but fat little lizards flashing their ruddy throats and doing four-legged push-ups weren\u8217\'92t worth shouting about. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 something}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were to be expected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Part of the ignorable blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi urged her on with an impatient flap of his hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t gonna run in this heat,\u8221\'94 she spat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi shook his head and mumbled something she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pipe down, white light, I\u8217\'92m comin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She eyed the karkle bush. There was definitely something hidden underneath its twiggy branches. A lumpy shape of something shadowed, maybe a creature of some sort. Whatever it was, it was big, dark, and apparently unconcerned with how Gugi was brushing the branches aside to get a better look. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 she asked as she crouched next to Gugi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See for yourself,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb parted the bush\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brambles and peered down into the shadow. Her jaw went slack in surprise. Her barely-chewed borcandi spine slipped from her lip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol\u8217\'92s shadow,\u8221\'94 she muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a skeleton underneath that damned bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Gugi said, eyes wide in frightened wonder. \u8220\'93Ya know, this is the first bush I looked under.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep. The first bush I looked under. I was all, this bush is in the perfect position, halfway-up, halfway-down, bet it will be the best spot to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya sayin\u8217\'92 this the first bush you looked under?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sayin\u8217\'92 it, I said it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes weren\u8217\'92t lying. It was the first bush he\u8217\'92d looked under. There were at least forty other bushes in this dusty ravine, and the first one he looks under was pregnant with a man missing muscles and skin. A quick glance around at the other bushes told Seb it was the only one that had something underneath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was really something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A strange coincidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A divine sign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin prickled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She picked up the borcandi spine she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d dropped, popped it back into her mouth to resume her chewing with zeal. The dirt added a bit of zest. She wasn\u8217\'92t going to waste a spine. Spines helped her think. They helped her find reasonable conclusions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This body could be a prank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She eyed Gugi with suspicion. Gugi was a prankster. He had a prankster\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin, with a long crooked nose and restless eyes. Bad skin, too, from all the scheming. Mostly it was in the way he chewed his spines, open-mouthed, provocative, sigh-smiling. It was nasty, the way he chewed, because the man\u8217\'92s teeth were rubbed down to black and yellow nubs. Seb\u8217\'92s teeth were the same, but she had the good sense to keep her mouth shut when she chewed. Even when she talked, her lips worked hard to conceal that graveyard in her mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t fresh,\u8221\'94 Gugi said. \u8220\'93An\u8217\'92 it don\u8217\'92t smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No shit it don\u8217\'92t smell. Thems picked clean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi started playing a game of point-and-see, like he was want to do. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got an arm,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Both hands too, but they all scattered. Not a lick of skin. Bet the drag-bellies got to him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb squatted down to get away from Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inane observations. She peered under the low brim of the karkle\u8217\'92s branches. \u8220\'93Gotta be a man,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi squatted down next to her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me get him out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ground around the bush was stepped on. Seb set her accusing eye on Gugi. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you put these bones here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gugi, I\u8217\'92m not askin\u8217\'92. Now, did ya\u8217\'92 put these bones here?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  His face was hard to read. He was too well practiced in deceit. Only sometimes did Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes give things away, and this wasn\u8217\'92t one of those times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya\u8217\'92 think I\u8217\'92d nip some random dit\u8217\'92s bones, haul them out here, an\u8217\'92 stuff \u8216\'91em up under this bush, just to stir you up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His eyes still weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t telling. Sometimes, if Seb paused and stared hard at Gugi, the guilt would get to him, and he\u8217\'92d give it up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t do shit!\u8221\'94 he exclaimed. \u8220\'93Damn. I only found it here, like I said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who put it here?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t nobody jus\u8217\'92 crawl up under a random bush and die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be a pilgrim,\u8221\'94 Gugi replied. \u8220\'93Prolly some pilgrim was headed for the pass. Bet he crawled up under to seek shade and forgot to wake up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s what happened, it\u8217\'92s even worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hows that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because it means a god put him here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The gods are dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could mean a demon put it here. Point is, it\u8217\'92s providential, one way or the other. Could be a curse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t no curse. It\u8217\'92s only bones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no such thing as \u8216\'91only bones\u8217\'92. Goes with what I been sayin\u8217\'92 this whole time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we shouldn\u8217\'92t be settin\u8217\'92 up this ambush in these Spark scrubbin\u8217\'92 hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, stuuuuff it. I aim to use this bush. It\u8217\'92s the perfect spot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe her ears. \u8220\'93You gonna hide in }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  bush?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am,\u8221\'94 said Gugi, without a hint of trepidation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gonna hide in the one bush that\u8217\'92s got dead bones in it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There won\u8217\'92t be no bones when we move \u8216\'91em. That\u8217\'92s why I need your help. Damn.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Lost. Your. Water. This the clearest shout of a curse I ever heard. More in point of fact, Ayram ought to hear about this. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Cause if this is the place where\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Don't worry Ayram \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91bout this shit. Jus\u8217\'92 help me move the damn thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you not see what\u8217\'92s goin\u8217\'92 on here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grab his foot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gugi, listen to me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this here is Solraheen tellin\u8217\'92 you that if you hide in this bush, then you gonna die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grab his foot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He ain\u8217\'92t got a foot to grab!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I grab one, you grab the other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi reached down and took a firm grip of the big heel bone from the dead left foot. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya know this body here,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93this body is the perfect chance for you to get to bother Elrahet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think an old witch don\u8217\'92t want to look over picked clean bones? I bet these bones, if you bring \u8216\'91em, well, now you got something to bother her with instead of your boring old self. Put a skull in her lap and she\u8217\'92ll forget she hates you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 Seb said hesitantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me carry the bones to Elrahet, and I\u8217\'92ll give you twenty spines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The furrow in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow softened. \u8220\'93Twenty spines?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Twenty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Twenty was a lot of spines. About a week\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth. There was no telling when they\u8217\'92d be back in the putty hills and she could pick another fill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about it?\u8221\'94 Gugi asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She bent down to gather up the rest of the foot, but Gugi brushed her away, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll make it forty spines if you carry it all yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ain\u8217\'92t got forty spines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll give you forty spines, but you got to give me your god-eye burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No way except Shis you get my god-eyes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, I give you twenty spines, and you tell me where you get your god-eyes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry these bones alone for thirty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deal. Gotta use your bag, not mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pulled the strap of her shoulder-slumped bag over her head, and emptied out a bunch of little nothings into the dirt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s cursed,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93then what you givin\u8217\'92 up your spines for? Ya\u8217\'92 can jus\u8217\'92 brush \u8216\'91em aside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t wanna do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow tightened back up. \u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because them bones is cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was why no one liked Gugi\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was never upfront about the way things were. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d betray anyone he could, if anyone ever thought to trust him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She wagged a finger. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thought ya could get me to take up this curse for a measly thirty spines?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face twisted into that annoying, presumptuous grin. Seb wanted nothing more than to break some of Ayram\u8217\'92s rules on that grin, but she thought better of it. The best thing to do was to take the grand scheme of things into account. Because, sure, there were cursed bones under a bush, where no cursed bones should be. But maybe she was looking at this all wrong. Maybe them bones weren\u8217\'92t cursed. Sol\u8217\'92s hand is there in the pain, and it\u8217\'92s there in the pleasure. A curse could be a blessing, and a blessing could be a curse. There\u8217\'92s no way of knowing which was which until it all played out. If she looked at all this with no expectations, and forgot about the deadness of the bones and the strangeness of the circumstances, then no doubt she would take Gugi\u8217\'92s deal. Thirty spines for a little bit of toil? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The best thing to do was to take the deal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t wrong,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93but Sol\u8217\'92s Spark, ya know I\u8217\'92m gonna kill ya someday.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hope I live to see it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before we do anythin\u8217\'92, ya gonna gimme them spines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Half now, half later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Half now, other half now, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi sighed, then pulled a leather pouch from his robe and tossed it to Seb. Seb caught it, checked it, pocketed it, and then she reached under the karkle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twigs and started swiping the bones into her bag. The bigger bones she had to handle fresh on the skin of her palms, which was disconcerting, but it was over before she knew it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stick around for any of Gugi\u8217\'92s pesters. She took her haul back west, towards the ridges of the Hias, towards the cliff where Ayram and Elrahet were planning out the ambush that would hopefully end all ambushes for all time. She didn\u8217\'92t know why those two needed to know about these bones, but she knew they needed to know. They needed to know because she felt like they needed to know. Even if they didn\u8217\'92t need to know, she was going to do what she wanted to do, and that was how things were.}}