{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were three people in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s backpack. Two were dead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Obo and the Riga\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and their elbows, shoulders, wrists, and hips bulged the bottom leather. Elrahet sat on top of them, her head was poked out the top, ancient but very much alive. She glared out at the rest of the Ayramun who lagged behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Faster!\u8221\'94 she barked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The start of the Goree Pass was a gently rising wagon path leading into a wide canyon valley, but Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pace was furious, and he scrambled up a slope to the left, a near vertical scree, and Mandri had a hard time following. At the top was a shelf of sturdy rock, and they bumbled along this parallel road for a finger until it dead ended into a crack which ran right through a solid wall of reddish stone. The crack\u8217\'92s opening was hardly an inch wider than the width of Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulders, but Ayram barreled into it without so much as a stutter step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everyone followed, like a line of mice returning to its den, everyone except Mandri. He hesitated before entering, for if demons were supposed to be haunting the Goree, then a shadowed crack like this was surely where they were hiding. Then the sound of a distant Hrkan horn blaring behind him kicked him back in into motion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms and legs bumped and scraped against the striated walls, layers of red and off-red rock stacked on top each other composed dramatic sweeping forms that towered overhead and bracketed a thin, winding strip of bright blue sky. The sun played a game of peekaboo with Mandrameen as he ran along, and such was the height and cant of the walls that the sunlight never touched the mushy pile of sand and fallen rock that was the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri might have savored the scene if he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t having such a hard time keeping up with the blistering pace. The way twisted and bent, right and left, and he was so far behind that he rarely caught a glimpse of Purl, much less anyone else beyond her. He was chasing the sounds of their paddling feet, and that was enough until he was confronted with a fork in the path. The Ayramun had charged ahead without sparing care for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His first instinct was to ask Obo. Obo would know which way they would have gone. But Obo was dead at the bottom of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His next instinct was to try to hone in on the sound of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grumbling. But faint echoes are a difficult thing to judge when the paths before him curved away and curved back and on into indeterminable directions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The reliable thing to do was to look for footprints, but the sandy blend preserved impressions that headed in either direction. Then came a stroke of inestimable genius\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram has big feet. Mandri searched the ground for largest, heaviest print, and sure enough he found it heading off to the left. He would have rejoiced at the sight if there weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t another footprint right next to it, the print of a foot which bore no resemblance to any in Mandri\u8217\'92s imagination\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half-man with human toes, half-lizard with claws splayed out and digging into the dirt. It was, no doubt, a demon\u8217\'92s print.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri forced himself up and he scuttled onwards, finding untapped energy in his legs. This new path curved around and almost ran back on itself, then gradually meandered north. The way was rough, and soon a whole hand had passed, measured out by the oppressive eye of the sun as it crossed the thin bridge of blue above. The air was heating up, and unlike the desert proper this air was not so dry as to lick the sweat right off Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin the moment it beaded up. He ran on and on, and the longer he ran, the soggier his robe and brow became. Few feelings are more uncomfortable than that of a soggy lower back being patted by a heavy pack. The vortex of steamy air that emerged there in that gap was a weather system unto itself, and this self-sustaining convection current, shaped by the contours of muscle and spine, was there to stay as he didn\u8217\'92t have time to throw off his pack, rip off his shirt, and rag himself dry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eventually the crack belled out into a short and wide stripe of valley. It was a miniature valley of sorts, as it was only there because a great length of the rock on either side had collapsed. It was as if a giant fist had punched the ground here, leaving a mound of red rubble slouching in the valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, clogging it up. But enough of the shattered rock had been cleared away to make a thin, passable trail. To the left, towering above the precarious western slope was the Goree\u8217\'92s tallest plateau, stretching beyond vision, and above that, the latter-day sun was blazing down on the great red crumbs of boulders. Hiding in the shadows of the larger rocks were the Ayramun. They were sitting, waiting for Mandrameen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was the first to notice his coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There he is,\u8221\'94 she said, as if they\u8217\'92d been waiting for years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you he was right behind,\u8221\'94 said Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is stretching the definition of \u8216\'91right behind\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stood up, stretched his back, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Time to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pretended not to hear. If they had gotten a break, so would he. He wandered up into the shade of the nearest fallen rock and unshouldered his pack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto\u8217\'92s right. If them Hrks found our trail, we best be moving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet, still burrowed inside Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack, said, \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll give the boy a moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dumped that great weight off his shoulders, and it was like taking the lid off a steaming pot. The coolness that brushed his sweaty back. He pulled off his tunic, and that, too, was glorious. He sat down a rock next to Purl, elbows on his knees, but sitting was not enough. He wanted to lay down, though with all the rubble, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a good place for it. Then his eyes alighted on a veritable couch of a boulder, a smooth, sway-backed sandstone couch that he could melt onto. He stood up and made to climb up to it. His first step up onto the eastern slope sent a trickle of sandstone crumbs tumbling down from above. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 What}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  are you doing?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna lay down on that rock up there,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to nap or anything. I\u8217\'92m gonna to lay down for a moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took another step up, and then Ayram yelled out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Down!\u8221\'94. He seemed to be giving commands to a dog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri relented. That blessed rock was not that high up, maybe only six feet or so. He could climb up and jump down without a fuss, so why shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t he be allowed to do it? Because he\u8217\'92d be left behind? Because Ayram said so? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That usurped his good sense, and rebellion swelled up in his chest. He turned to the Ayram, who was snacking on a ribbon of jerky, half of which stuck-out of his mouth and  waved at Mandri with every munch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I ask you something?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait for Ayram to finish chewing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you care what I do with myself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thick black brows jumped up in amazement. He snapped off his jerky, shoved the rest into his cheek, then said, \u8220\'93You want to climb up there and have a rest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93But look, I won\u8217\'92t do it if you don\u8217\'92t want me to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s just that I never signed up for any of this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not Ayramun. You\u8217\'92re a goddamned giant, so I\u8217\'92ll do what you want, but I\u8217\'92m not, you know\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 The immense indifference of Ayram\u8217\'92s stare broke Mandri\u8217\'92s indignation and made him lose his train of thought. Mandri shuffled around for the right words, and when he couldn\u8217\'92t find them, he circled back around to where he started. \u8220\'93I mean, why do you care what I do? If I take a short rest and fall behind, then I fall behind, so what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Amusement flashed inside of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bushy beard and he snorted a laugh, the kind of laugh that could start a fight. And he wasn\u8217\'92t the only one looking at Mandri like he\u8217\'92d lost his mind. It was a whole crowd of stunned, almost disgusted glares, as if Mandri were one of those smelly old men who do nothing but wallow in the gutter and extol the richness of poverty, the joys of sorrow, the virtues of vice, and annoy everyone with visions of the end of the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s so funny?\u8221\'94 said Mandri. He was careful to say it in Seb\u8217\'92s direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you blind?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl pointed up the crumbled slope. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you must be dumb,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93because there\u8217\'92s a demon }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  there.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked and saw nothing but a bunch of red rocks and that sway-backed block of sandstone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see shit,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, you are blind, then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl bent down, picked up a rock, then side-armed it up the slope.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock smacked into a boulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The boulder flinched and flashed it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s yellow fangs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demon was right there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right there\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 squatting plain as day above the stone on which Mandri planned to rest. It was a hairless red demon whose rock-patterned skin blended it so neatly with the sandstone that as it settled back into its imperious squat, Mandri briefly lost sight of it. He might not have been able to find it again if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for the organic line of its corded muscle roping around its arms and legs. And these were human arms and legs, or rather, human-ish, for these limbs were grossly elongated, almost birdlike, and it\u8217\'92s feet and hands were something else entirely. The feet were taloned and hawkish, and the fingers were curled and clawed like those of a long-lived pillow lizard. It\u8217\'92s face was a more compact mixture of the grotesque\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the scrunched-up snout of a flat-faced pig, the nose and drooling flews of a hunting hound, as well as the outsized skull of a newborn babe. It\u8217\'92s skin was lizard skin. Its eyes were yellow, snake-slitted, squinting, unblinking, and fixated on Mandrameen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not gonna kill it!?\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram did nothing but laugh. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not worth the effort\u8221\'94, said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 demon}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead,\u8221\'94 said Moteah. \u8220\'93You have a sword, don\u8217\'92t you? If you want to kill it, then kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eyed it up. The memory of its large teeth loomed large in his imagination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m not confident in my demon slaying abilities.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93None of us are,\u8221\'94 said Purl. \u8220\'93A demon is hard to kill. It\u8217\'92s easy to wound, but if that\u8217\'92s all you do it\u8217\'92s going to run away, and then you have to chase it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve only got to worry if there\u8217\'92s more than one,\u8221\'94 said Moteah. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be fine as long as you don\u8217\'92t present yourself as meat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe what he was hearing. \u8220\'93What about those pilgrims on those poles? That thing needs to be put down. What if it follows us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It won\u8217\'92t do anything,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93That creature is as scared of me as you are of it. And it\u8217\'92s as dumb as a hammer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Purl hit it with a rock and it still thinks that we can\u8217\'92t see it. You had eye contact with the damned thing, and it\u8217\'92s still thinks that you don\u8217\'92t know its there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Ayram he reached down, grabbed an Ayram-sized stone to throw and turned the heavy thing around in his hand until he found a good grip. Then he fixed his gaze on the demon, and like whip he , and he zipped that rock straight at that demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SMACK!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock exploded into fragments and dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demon shrieked in surprise. Blood gargled out of it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smashed up snout and it tumbled back against the rocky slope. It tried to scramble upright, but Ayram\u8217\'92s stone had robbed its legs of confidence. It juddered and slipped and fell again. It\u8217\'92s face was such a bloody, broken mess that Mandri almost felt bad for it. It didn\u8217\'92t take long for the demon to gather it\u8217\'92s bearings and scramble up the eastern slope on all fours, body low to the ground, leaping boulder to boulder. When it disappeared above the valley rim, Ayram bellowed out an exultant \u8220\'93Yih!\u8221\'94, and this sent another turn of chuckling through the Ayramun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The violence put an energy into Ayram. He seemed rejuvenated. A man who means what says, , loosened him to. He waved a grand arm towards the boulder of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desire. \u8220\'93Your rock is safe,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You can climb up there and lay down for as along as you like. Me and mine will continue on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll follow you,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you follow me a step further, you are mine, do you understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you ever talk to me like I\u8217\'92m one of them, I\u8217\'92ll run you through. Do you understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No backtalk\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and that goes for you too, Seb. You been getting uppity these days, and it\u8217\'92s time to stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb scoffed at this sudden turn. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t backtalk,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I give suggestions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No suggestions, then. I swear, you got me halfway to breaking your jaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Ayram was confident that Seb had absorbed enough of his ire to fall in line, he turned again to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but for now you\u8217\'92ll be following Moto.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto perked up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me? Where are you going?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to scout for the Hrks,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. Then he added, smiling, \u8220\'93and if I happen to smash a demon\u8217\'92s skull on the way, then the world is better for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where you want to meet up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greskalun or no Greskalun, we\u8217\'92re going to Shulgi. If the Mazyd was right, it will be empty. We\u8217\'92ll meet up there, in the highest columned room. If you\u8217\'92re not there, don\u8217\'92t worry\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92ll find you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, he grabbed his iron spear and leapt up the western slope, jumping from rock to rock with a dexterous, grace that defied his giant frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His leaving left an uneasy silence which stayed unbroken until Elrahet growled in disappointment. Without Ayram to carry her, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to walk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She climbed out of the pack and stretched her legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whose going to carry these two?\u8221\'94 She asked, kicking the bag of bodies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, standing a little straighter now that he was in charge, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s time Mandri pulled his own weight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto reached down into Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack and pulled out Obo\u8217\'92s pale and lifeless corpse by the neck. Then he grabbed Mandri\u8217\'92s litter and stuffed Obo into it as best he could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry Obo,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93but I\u8217\'92m telling you, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 cannot}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  carry both of them. My back is already near breaking.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto froze, looked Mandri square in the eye and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll do what I tell you to do.\u8221\'94 This was, unquestionably, a threat of violence. Mandri shrank back and raised his hands to surrender. Moteah laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got something to say?\u8221\'94 Moto asked to his sister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on,\u8221\'94 said Moteah. \u8220\'93Look at him. He\u8217\'92s a twig, he can\u8217\'92t carry all that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw went tight. He stood up even straighter. His nose flared as he sniffed that elevated air of authority. He pointed a finger at Moteah and declared, \u8220\'93Then }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  will carry the Riga.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah scoffed and settled into an incredulous pose, hand-on-sidethrust-hip, and not to be outskilled in art of finger-wagging, she flicked hers right back at Moto and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about, for once, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 take up the weight when Ayram gives it to you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the muscles in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders tensed up, and like a slapback lizard unfurling it\u8217\'92s frills he rolled back and puffed his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat a wad of borcandi juice in between the siblings. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll carry it,\u8221\'94 he grumbled. \u8220\'93If\u8217\'92n it means you two stop barkin\u8217\'92 and we can get on with it, I\u8217\'92ll carry the damn thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no room in your pack,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For Sol\u8217\'92s sake, lash it to my back then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb unshouldered his pack and dropped it at Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. Moto, unhappy with Seb\u8217\'92s act of charity, kept his grudging eyes fixed on his sister as he pulled the limp Riga child up and out of Ayram\u8217\'92s sagging pack. A few wraps and knots of vinecord later, and the dead Riga was fixed into a makeshift harness against Seb\u8217\'92s pack. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bore his new burden with the stolidity of an ox, and he charged ahead into the canyon beyond, though his springy kick-step was reduced to hurried shuffle under the weight. It was a frightful sight, the Riga child. It was swaddled in black from head to toe, bundled like a block of meat, and as Seb walked the child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head lolled from side to side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet followed after him, and then Purl followed after her, and then Moteah brushed by her brother with a smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fit neatly into Mandri\u8217\'92s pack\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92d been squashed down into the side of it, and his arms were folded up and stuck straight up into the air like a rabbit\u8217\'92s ears. When Mandri got the pack settled on his shoulders, the bouncing unset the arms and the elbows went limp and the forearms banged against the back of Mandri\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stopped him from fixing the issue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walk,\u8221\'94 he said, and Mandri walked, and they walked like that until they }}