{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b1\i0 Felix Leopold Oswald}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  essentially the first hippy.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 n the soul-organism of the Latin races the thousand years influence of monastic tyranny has left traces which the light of science will fail to efface for centuries to come. The propaganda\~[32]of a manlier creed has thus been defeated, not only by their ignorance, but by their aversion to mental efforts, by their habitual reliance on miracles, by their incurable indifference to the claims of truth and the merits of intellectual independence, by their hereditary mistrust in the competence of their natural instinct. To their moral palate a doctrine which nauseates their northern neighbors has become a pleasant narcotic; they have been forced to swallow the opium of pessimism till a craving for the repetition of the mind-enervating dose has become a second nature; they hug the cross that has proved a symbol of death to their noblest reformers.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 The creed which has turned the happiest countries of our globe into a grave of their former prosperity, is a medley of miraculism and anti-naturalism, and the experience of the last century has proved that both can survive the repudiation of Rome and even of Galilee. The mania of renunciation, after the abolishment of monasteries and nunneries, continued its dismal rites in Quaker-garb and Shaker temples of celibacy. The miracle-hunger of millions who have learned to scorn the clumsy tricks of the cowled exorcist, gratifies its appetite in the mystic gloom of the dark cabinet. Rustic supernaturalists, deprived of such luxuries, indemnify themselves by retailing the marvels of the serpent-charm and joint-snake superstition.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76881/pg76881-images.html#MENTAL_MUMMIES"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76881/pg76881-images.html#MENTAL_MUMMIES}}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>HINDU MONISM.\line WHO WERE ITS AUTHORS, PRIESTS OR WARRIORS?<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Among all the forms of government class government is the worst. Carthage was governed by merchants, and the mercantile spirit of its policy led finally to the destruction of the city. Sparta was governed by warriors, and in spite of the glory of Thermopyl\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u230\'E6 it was doomed to stagnation. India was governed by priests, and the weal of the nation was sacrificed with reckless indifference to their interests. It appears that for the welfare of the community the harmonious co-operation of all classes is not only desirable but also indispensable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Carthage was eager to establish monopolies, but she contributed little to the higher development of commerce and trade among mankind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sparta raised brave men, but was not progressive, even in the science of war, and was worsted by so weak an adversary as Thebes. Modern strategists could learn something from Epaminondas, but little, if anything, from the Laced\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6monians.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Priestcraft has attained to a power in India unparalleled in the history of other nations, and it is no exaggeration to say that priest-rule was the ruin of the country. Yet the wisdom of the Brahmans has become proverbial. Their philosophy is praised as original and profound, and it is well known that the first monistic world-conception\~[52]was thought out in ancient India. But we shall see later on what the real share of the Brahmans in this great work has been. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the very earliest ages of Hindu antiquity, revealed to us in the songs of the Rig-veda, we meet with priests who claimed the power of making sacrifices to the gods in a manner especially acceptable to them, and who thus rose to great power, influence, and wealth. To this ancient period of Hindu history we can trace the origin of the Hindu castes, essentially a result of priestly egotism, and which up to this day has weighed down the Indian people like a nightmare. The organisation of the priestly class into an exclusive, privileged body, as well as the final development of the castes, did not, however, take place until the time represented by the second period of the ancient Hindu literature; by the literature, that is to say, of the Yajur-vedas or the Vedas of the sacrificial formul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6, and the Br\u226\'E2hmanas and S\u251\'FBtras, both of which describe the sacrificial ceremonies, the former with, the latter without theological comments. The contents of these works illustrate the origin of the Hindu hierarchy and castes; but it is often necessary to read between the lines. The greatest authority on this rich literature, Prof. A. Weber, of Berlin, in the tenth volume of the series \u8220\'93Hindu Studies\u8221\'94 which he edits, has published his inquiries concerning this subject in a very learned treatise, entitled \u8220\'93Collectanea \u252\'FCber die Kastenverh\u228\'E4ltnisse in der Br\u226\'E2hmana und S\u251\'FBtra,\u8221\'94 of which I have made considerable use in the following pages.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In these books the Brahmans assert their claims with startling candor. In several passages\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to begin with the most striking feature\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they announce themselves as real gods wandering on earth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are two kinds of gods,\u8221\'94 it is said, \u8220\'93the true gods and the learned Brahmans, who recite the Veda.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93The Brahman represents all gods.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93He is the god of gods.\u8221\'94 This is perhaps the most remarkable instance of priestly arrogance in all history. Thus it cannot at all surprise us that the Brahmans, as earthly gods, placed themselves above king and nobility; but it appears rather strange that the kings and warriors should have allowed to them the first place in the government. But as a matter of fact, they did do so and were compelled to do so. From mysterious legends in the great\~[53]Hindu epic poem we infer, that bloody wars have been waged for supremacy, in which the nobility was defeated.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a duly performed sacrifice, which would last weeks, months, nay, years, the Brahmans charged of course a high fee. A fee of ten thousand oxen was prescribed for a certain ceremony, a hundred thousand for another one, and a later teacher of ritualism charged 240,000 for the same service. And this was not yet the climax of priestly avarice, which\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to use an expression of Professor Weber\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 indulges in veritable orgies in these books. After one has gone through the endless description of a ceremony, one finds at the end the remark that the whole sacrifice has no effect, unless the proper fee be paid to the priest. And\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to use a term of modern life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lest competition should reduce the prices or spoil the business, a rule was established, that no one should take a fee which another one had refused. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sacrificial rituals, so trying and tedious for us, are the only literary production of these dull centuries before the rising of philosophical\~[54]speculation, and the great historical importance they possess is simply due to the light they throw on the moral depravity of the Brahmans as a class.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The following fact will fully show to what extent sexual debaucheries were indulged in. The priest was enjoined, by a special rule, not to commit adultery with the wife of another during a particularly holy ceremony. But he who could not practice continence, was allowed to expiate his sin by an offering of milk to Varuna and Mitra.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Numerous passages in the books on ritualism furnish us interesting illustrations of the great indulgence which the Brahmans had for each other\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weaknesses. The officiating priest is taught how to proceed during the sacrifice, if he wants to wrong the man who employs and pays him, or how to deviate from the prescribed rules, if he wants to rob his employer of his seeing, hearing, children, property, or position. The lack of confidence that resulted is best illustrated by a ceremony, the introduction of which, at the beginning of the sacrifice, became gradually necessary. By a solemn oath the officiating minister and the client bound themselves not to injure each other during the performance of the holy act. Consequently, the strange notions of right, which the Brahmans had in those times, will not surprise us. \u8220\'93Murder of any one but a Brahman is no murder.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93An arbitrator must decide in favor of the Brahman and not in favor of his opponent, if the latter is not a Brahman.\u8221\'94 Such maxims are laid down in the texts with shameless insolence. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Different passages in Manu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s code show us that the claim of the Brahmans to divinity had not decreased in the course of the centuries. \u8220\'93The Brahmans are to be venerated at all times, as they are the highest divinity.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93By his very origin the Brahman is a god, even to the gods.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The many practical privileges they enjoyed were of still greater value. They were exempt from taxation under all circumstances, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93even if the king should starve.\u8221\'94 For the greatest crimes they could not be executed or chastised, nor was their property liable to confiscation, while at the same time the criminal law was very harsh towards the other castes and especially towards the S\u250\'FAdras. The penalties increased proportionately: the lower the caste to which the criminal belonged, the higher the punishment; and the fines also increased in proportion to the rank of the caste to which the injured man belonged. The money-lender was allowed to exact (monthly)\~[56]two per cent. of a Brahman, three of a Kshattriya, four of a Vaisya, five of a S\u250\'FAdra. All these laws show how the Brahmans understood the art of advancing their interests. The S\u250\'FAdra was by the code deprived of all rights. \u8220\'93The Brahman may consider him as a slave and is therefore entitled to take his property, as the property of the slave belongs to the master.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93The S\u250\'FAdra shall not acquire wealth, even if he be in a position to do so, as such conduct gives offense to the Brahman.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But all these things are harmless when compared with the principles by which the Brahmans reduced to the most miserable of lives numberless human creatures who had committed no wrong except that their origin did not agree with the political scheme of the priests.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~This theory gave birth to a great number of mixed castes, who were more or less despised. And the social standing of many of them grew still worse on account of an absurd maxim which degraded the Indian people to the level of grass and plants}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 . Good seed in a bad soil gives of course a poorer return than in good soil; still the crop is endurable. But weed introduced into good soil produces weed abundantly. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 According to this theory of the Brahmans the children were below the father, if he had married a wife of a higher caste.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For centuries the Brahmans had heaped sacrifice on sacrifice and multiplied symbolical explanations without end. All this distinctly bore the stamp of priestly sophistry. Suddenly higher thoughts arise. The learning handed down by tradition and the sacrificial system are, it is true, not altogether abandoned; the mind, however, is no longer satisfied with the mysteries of the sacrifices, but aims at higher and more sublime truth. The age of intellectual darkness is followed by a new era, the characteristic of which is the ambition to solve the problems of life and to understand the relation of the individual to the absolute. All the efforts of the human mind are now bent on solving the question of the eternal Unity, from which all phenomena have emanated and which every one perceives within his own self. It is the age of the Upanishads, those famous books, which, as soon as they were known in Europe, filled all scholars with wild enthusiasm and admiration. I refer only to the old Upanishads, that date from the eighth to the sixth century\~B. C., not to the great number of books of the same name, but not of the same value\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there are over 200 of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which appeared after the Christian era. The Upanishads reveal the struggle of the mind to reach the highest truth. Though they indulge occasionally in strange speculations, still the idea of Brahma, of the universal soul, of the absolute, of the thing in itself, is the ever-recurring subject of their thoughts, which culminate in the idea that the Atman, the inner self of man, is naught but the eternal and endless Brahma. A wonderful pathos animates the language of the Upanishads and testifies to the sublime feelings in which the thinkers of those times sought the great mystery of existence. They look for all kinds of expressions, metaphors and figures, in order to couch in words what cannot be described by words. We read for instance in the venerable Brihad\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2ranyaka Upanishad: \u8220\'93That which lives on the earth, but is different from the earth, that which is the moving power of\~[59]the earth, that is your Self, the inner immortal ruler.\u8221\'94 The same is predicated of water, fire, ether, wind, sun, moon, and stars; and then the chapter ends as follows: \u8220\'93Unseen, he sees; unheard, he hears; unminded, he minds; unknown, he knows. There is none that sees but he; there is none that hears but he; there is none that minds but he; there is none that knows but he. He is thy soul, the inner ruler. Whatever is different from him, is perishable.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the ideas mentioned in the preceding paragraphs, the substance of what is commonly called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hindu wisdom,\u8221\'94 are not all that the warriors have done for the religion and philosophy of the people. The noble Gautama of Kapilavastu, the best known of all Hindus, who established Buddhism about 500 years before Christ, was also a Kshattriya, and according to the more recent tradition, which alone was formerly known, the son of a king; but according to the earlier sources, disclosed by Oldenberg, he was the son of a landed proprietor. Buddha, \u8220\'93the Enlightened,\u8221\'94 under which name he is known all over the world, most strenuously opposed the sacrificial system and the superstitions of the Brahmans. The ceremonies and the science of the priesthood seemed to him a perfect fraud, and the caste system an absurd institution; he taught that the final beatitude is within the reach of the lowest man, as well as of\~[64]the Brahman and the king; that every one, without distinction of birth, can attain to \u8220\'93salvation\u8221\'94 by contempt of the world, self-denial, and devotion to the welfare of his fellow beings. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For intrinsic reasons, I believe that the old sources do not give a correct report of this matter, and we must not forget that centuries separate them from Buddha. Oldenberg himself raises the point, whether the dry and tedious ecclesiastical style, in which Buddha\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts are clothed by those sources, truly reflects the spoken word. He says on page 181: \u8220\'93Whoever reads the words which the sacred books attribute to Buddha will doubt that the form in which Buddha taught his precepts is to be identified with that abstract and sometimes abstruse metaphysical language. A youthful, invigorating spirit, pervading alike teacher and disciples, is the true picture of those times, admitting of no unnatural or artificial features.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~The only difference between the two religions is this: Vardham\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2na lays great stress on castigation; while the more progressive Buddha declares it useless\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nay, pernicious. The important point in regard to the object of our essay is this: that the founder of Jaina, which occupies a high place in the history of Hindu culture, was also a member of the Warrior Caste. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>THE DOCTRINE OF AUTA.<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No philosophical discussion of a problem involving perception can be regarded as complete without the introduction of an orange. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1)\~Dualism.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 A.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Synthetic Dualism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : according to which there are two entities, the mind and the body; and these}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) either work side by side, without interaction, in pre-established harmony (}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 philosophic dualism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ),}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 b}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) or interact the one on the other (}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 empirical dualism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ).}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 B.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Analytic Dualism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : according to which there are two elements as the result of analysis;\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 motion}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(with or without a material basis) and\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 consciousness}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ; the two elements being related in such a way that consciousness is inseparably associated with certain complex modes of motion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2)\~Monism.}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 A.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Synthetic monism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : according to which there is but one entity. And this entity may be:}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) The body, of which consciousness is a product (}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 materialistic or physical monism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 );}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 b}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) The mind, of which the body in common with the world of phenomena is a fiction (}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 idealistic monism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 );}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 c}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) The conscious organism, exhibiting certain transformations of energy which are felt as psychical states (}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 scientific monism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ).}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 B.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Analytic monism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : according to which analysis discloses but one element; and this may be}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 )\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 motion}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , of which (or of one phase of which) consciousness is merely the psychical aspect (}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 analytic materialism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 );}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 b}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 )\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 consciousness}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , of which motion is merely the phenomenal aspect (}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 analytic psychism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 );}
\par\plain {\f4\fs24\b0\i1 c}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 )\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 x}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 the unknowable}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) of which motion is the physical aspect and consciousness the psychical aspect (}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 monistic agnosticism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 I go back to the orange, without which as a philosopher I am lost.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  I hold it in my hand, look steadfastly at it, and drink in with my nostrils its fragrant aroma. What says consciousness? That the phenomenal object I call an orange exists. It says nothing about independent existence, nothing about\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 auta}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The direct deliverance\~[170]of consciousness is that an object-in-consciousness exists. If a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93plain man\u8221\'94 says that the orange has a real existence, as such, independent of consciousness, he is going beyond the direct deliverance. And if a philosopher says that consciousness has a real existence, as such, independent of the object, he too is going beyond the direct deliverance. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 \~things-in-themselves }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shows the limits of language that we need such a butchered word as that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so if we graduate above language \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  what of perception??? The cup. The water. These too, are insufficitent - and so, the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93AUTIC\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is unfortunate that the terms \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93real\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93reality\u8221\'94 should ever have been applied to the independent existence of so-called things-in-themselves. I think such terms as Dr. Stoney\u8217\'92s \u8220\'93autic\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93autic existence\u8221\'94 would be far preferable. For the word \u8220\'93real\u8221\'94 has a meaning and force which is quite definite. The orange that I hold in my hand and see with my eyes is as real as real can be. And if a philosopher steps in and says, \u8220\'93My dear sir,\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is not real! The real reality is, according to some, mind-stuff or consciousness; according to others, motion of\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite know what, so let us simply call it motion; and according to others this real reality is unknowable\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I say if a philosopher steps in and talks like this, one is reminded of Lamb\u8217\'92s remark on Coleridge. Coleridge had been maundering on, as was his wont, on \u8220\'93subject\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93object\u8221\'94 and all the rest of his second-hand German metaphysics, when Lamb broke in, with his forcible stammer, in a stage whisper: \u8220\'93N-n-n-never mind C-c-c-coleridge; it\u8217\'92s only his f-f-f-fun.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 repeat that the orange I hold in my hand and see with my eyes is as real as real can be; and that we have here the standard and criterion of reality not only for plain men but for philosophers. In the perceptual object we have reality given in its clearest, fullest, and most forcible form. Every step in the analysis of the perceptual object-in-consciousness; every step in the analysis of the consciousness-of-the-object takes us so far further from reality at its best. The orange as an object-in-consciousness is far more real to me than either the swift infinitesimal motions of the physicist, or the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93syntheton\u8221\'94\~[173]of related and integrated sensations of the psychologist.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 What shall we say then of\~}{\f5\fs24\b1\i1 auta}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 \~or\~}{\f5\fs24\b1\i1 things in themselves}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 ? Simply that we do not know anything about them\hich\f3 \emdash \loch\f3 that they are outside the pale of human knowledge. If we even say they exist we are using the word \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93exist\u8221\'94 in an autic and unreal sense. It is phenomenal Nature which constitutes the real Universe; of its autic\~}{\f5\fs24\b1\i1 shadow}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 , supposing that there be such a\~}{\f5\fs24\b1\i1 shadow}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 , we know nothing. Need we then stay to criticise this unknown\~}{\f5\fs24\b1\i1 shadow}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 ? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>EVOLUTIONARY LOVE.<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::4>AT FIRST BLUSH. COUNTER-GOSPELS.<!$Scr_H::4>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 Philosophy, when just escaping from its golden pupa-skin, mythology, proclaimed the great evolutionary agency of the universe to be Love.\~}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Afterwards, Empedocles set up passionate-love and hate as the two co\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u246\'F6rdinate powers of the universe.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus, the love that God is, is not a love of which hatred is the contrary; otherwise Satan would be a co\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u246\'F6rdinate power; but it is a love which embraces hatred as an imperfect stage of it, an Anteros\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yea, even needs hatred and hatefulness as its object. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For self-love is no love; so if God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s self is love, that which he loves must be defect of love; just as a luminary can light up only that which otherwise would be dark. Henry James, the Swedenborgian, says: \u8220\'93It is no doubt very tolerable finite or creaturely love to love one\u8217\'92s own in another, to love another for his conformity to one\u8217\'92s self: but nothing can be in more flagrant contrast with the creative Love, all whose tenderness\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 ex vi termini}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~must be reserved only for what intrinsically is most bitterly hostile and negative to itself.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 This is from \u8220\'93Substance and Shadow: an Essay on the Physics of Creation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The movement of love is circular, at one and the same impulse projecting creations into independency and drawing them into harmony. This seems complicated when stated so; but it is fully summed up in the simple formula we call the Golden Rule. This does not, of course, say, Do everything possible to gratify the egoistic impulses of others, but it says, Sacrifice your own perfection to the perfectionment of your neighbor. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Nor must it for a moment be confounded with the Benthamite, or Helvetian, or Beccarian motto, Act for the greatest good of the greatest number. Love is not directed\~to abstractions but to persons; not to persons we do not know, nor to numbers of people, but to our own dear ones, our family and neighbors. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our neighbor,\u8221\'94 we remember, is one whom we live near, not locally perhaps, but in life and feeling. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>EVOLUTIONARY LOVE.<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everybody can see that the statement of St. John is the formula of an evolutionary }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 philosophy, which teaches that growth comes only from love, from\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I will not say self-}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 sacrifice}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , but from the ardent impulse to fulfil another\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s highest impulse.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is my creature; for as shown in last July\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 Monist}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , it is a little person. I love it; and I will sink myself in perfecting it. It is not by dealing out cold justice to the circle of my ideas that I can make them grow, but by cherishing and tending them as I would the flowers in my garden. The philosophy we draw from John\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gospel is that this is the way mind develops; and as for the cosmos, only so far as it yet is mind, and so has life, is it capable of further evolution. Love, recognising germs of loveliness in the hateful, gradually warms it into life, and makes it lovely. That is the sort of evolution which every careful student of my essay \u8220\'93The Law of Mind,\u8221\'94 must see that\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 synechism}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~calls for. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I open a handbook of political economy,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the most typical and middling one I have at hand,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and there find some remarks of which I will here make a brief analysis. I omit qualifications, sops thrown to Cerberus, phrases to placate Christian prejudice, trappings which serve to hide from author and reader alike the ugly nakedness of the greed-god. But I have surveyed my position. The author enumerates \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93three motives to human action:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The love of self;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The love of a limited class having common interests and feelings with one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s self;}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The love of mankind at large.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remark, at the outset, what obsequious title is bestowed on greed,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the love of self.\u8221\'94 Love! The second motive\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~love. In place of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a limited class\u8221\'94 put \u8220\'93certain persons,\u8221\'94 and you have a fair description. Taking \u8220\'93class\u8221\'94 in the old-fashioned sense, a weak kind of love is described. In the sequel, there seems to be some haziness as to the delimitation of this motive. By the love of mankind at large, the author does not mean that deep, subconscious passion that is properly so called; but merely public-spirit, perhaps little more than a fidget about pushing ideas. The author proceeds to a comparative estimate of the worth of these motives. Greed, says he, but using, of course, another word, \u8220\'93is not so great an evil as is commonly supposed.... Every man can promote his own interests a great deal more effectively than he can promote any one else\u8217\'92s, or than any one else can promote his.\u8221\'94 Besides, as he remarks on another page, the more miserly a man is, the more good he does. The second motive \u8220\'93is the most dangerous one to which society is exposed.\u8221\'94 Love is all very pretty: \u8220\'93no higher or purer source of human happiness exists.\u8221\'94 (Ahem!) But it is a \u8220\'93source of enduring\~injury,\u8221\'94 and, in short, should be overruled by something wiser. What is this wiser motive? We shall see.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 nugatory\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But unfortunately, you cannot induce legislatures to take such measures, owing to the pestiferous \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93tender sentiments of man towards man.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, in the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93highest degree\u8221\'94 without exception are they beneficent to the being upon whom all their blessings are poured out, namely, the Self, whose \u8220\'93sole object,\u8221\'94 says the writer in accumulating wealth is his individual \u8220\'93sustenance and enjoyment.\u8221\'94 Plainly, the author holds the notion that some other motive might be in a higher degree beneficent even for the man\u8217\'92s self to be a paradox wanting in good sense. He seeks to gloze and modify his doctrine; but he lets the perspicacious reader see what his animating principle is; and when, holding the opinions I have repeated, he at the same time acknowledges that society could not exist upon a basis of intelligent greed alone, he simply pigeonholes himself as one of the eclectics of inharmonious opinions. He wants his mammon flavored with a\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 soup\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u231\'E7on}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of god.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line \~I willingly confess to having some tincture of sentimentalism in me, God be thanked! Ever since the French Revolution brought this leaning of thought into ill-repute,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and not altogether undeservedly, I must admit, true, beautiful, and good as\~[181]that great movement was,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it has been the tradition to picture sentimentalists as persons incapable of logical thought and unwilling to look facts in the eyes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The reign of terror was very bad; but now the Gradgrind banner has been this century long flaunting in the face of heaven, with an insolence to provoke the very skies to scowl and rumble. Soon a flash and quick peal will shake economists quite out of their complacency, too late. The twentieth century, in its latter half, shall surely see the deluge-tempest burst upon the social order,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to clear upon a world as deep in ruin as that greed-philosophy has long plunged it into guilt. No post-thermidorian high jinks then! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Dude fucking CALLED it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So a miser is a beneficent power in a community, is he? With the same reason precisely, only in a much higher degree, you might pronounce the Wall Street sharp to be a good angel, who takes money from heedless persons not likely to guard it properly, who wrecks feeble enterprises better stopped, and who administers wholesome lessons to unwary scientific men, by passing worthless checks upon them,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as you did, the other day, to me, my millionaire Master in glomery, when you thought you saw your way to using\~[182]my process without paying for it, and of so bequeathing to your children something to boast of their father about,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and who by a thousand wiles puts money at the service of intelligent greed, in his own person. Bernard Mandeville, in his \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fable of the Bees,\u8221\'94 maintains that private vices of all descriptions are public benefits, and proves it, too, quite as cogently as the economist proves his point concerning the miser. He even argues, with no slight force, that but for vice civilisation would never have existed. In the same spirit, it has been strongly maintained and is to-day widely believed that all acts of charity and benevolence, private and public, go seriously to degrade the human race. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here, then, is the issue. The gospel of Christ says that progress comes from every individual merging his individuality in sympathy with his neighbors. On the other side, the conviction of the nineteenth century is that progress takes place by virtue of every individual\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s striving for himself with all his might and trampling his neighbor under foot whenever he gets a chance to do so. This may accurately be called the Gospel of Greed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Much is to be said on both sides. I have not concealed, I could not conceal, my own passionate predilection. Such a confession will probably shock my scientific brethren. Yet the strong feeling\~[183]is in itself, I think, an argument of some weight in favor of the agapastic theory of evolution,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so far as it may be presumed to bespeak the normal judgment of the Sensible Heart. Certainly, if it were possible to believe in agapasm without believing it warmly, that fact would be an argument against the truth of the doctrine. At any rate, since the warmth of feeling exists, it should on every account be candidly confessed; especially since it creates a liability to one-sidedness on my part against which it behooves my readers and me to be severally on our guard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Diametrically opposed to evolution by chance, are those theories which attribute all progress to an inward necessary principle, or other form of necessity. Many naturalists have thought that if an egg is destined to go through a certain series of embryological transformations, from which it is perfectly certain not to deviate, and if in geological time almost exactly the same forms appear successively, one replacing another in the same order, the strong presumption is that this latter succession was as predeterminate and certain to take place as the former. So, N\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u228\'E4geli, for instance, conceives that it somehow follows from the first law of motion and the peculiar, but unknown, molecular constitution of protoplasm, that forms must complicate themselves more and more. K\u246\'F6lliker makes one form generate another after a certain maturation has been accomplished. Weismann, too, though he calls himself a Darwinian, holds that nothing is due to chance, but that all forms are simple mechanical resultants of the heredity from two parents }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be calm and resigned,\u8221\'94 said Renan to his weeping wife. \u8220\'93We undergo the laws of that nature of which we are manifestations. We perish, we disappear, but heaven and earth remain, and the march of time goes on for ever.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 HEre, there were like minds, and holy fuck they had to deal with ww1 and ww2 and everything else. And it has always been the minority. The writhing masses just don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know. They need a condensed form of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>CRUELTY AND PITY IN WOMAN.<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::4>I.\line CRUELTY.<!$Scr_H::4>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spencer says\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76881/pg76881-images.html#Footnote_24"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 24]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~that among savage nations the women are as perverse as the men, and that if they do not work so much evil it is because they are less able to do so. This is not entirely true; doubtless women among savages are much more inclined to cruelty than to pity, but, generally speaking, woman even at the very beginnings of human evolution is less cruel than man.}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::5>WOMAN AND WAR.<!$Scr_H::5>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Woman, even among savage nations, is rarely a warrior. In the Antilles, the women watched over the safety of the islands whenever their husbands went to war with the neighboring islands; they were brave, strong, courageous, nearly equalling the men in their cleverness in handling weapons.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76881/pg76881-images.html#Footnote_25"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 25]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Amongst the ancient Bretons, armies were always commanded by women. In Dahomey, the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9lite of the army is composed of a troop of six or seven thousand Amazons, who are very ferocious, particularly in the mutilation of dead bodies; women then become tigers, is a popular saying. Among the ancient Scots, women followed the army, and cruelly mutilated the prisoners. Among the Botocudos, when war breaks out between the tribes, the men fight the men with sticks, and the women fight the women, by scratching and by tearing the\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 botoques}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(cylinders of wood) from their ears and lips.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76881/pg76881-images.html#Footnote_26"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 26]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~But these are all exceptional cases.\~[221]Generally speaking, the savage woman plays a secondary part in war; she acts as an auxiliary, picks up arrows, throws stones from a distance, and carries the provisions etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is above all in revenge, that feminine cruelty shows itself the most terrible. Man is capable of destroying whole families or nations, to satisfy a particular revenge; but nothing equals the ingenuity of woman, in slowly tormenting her victim, in gloating over his sufferings and lengthening them out in order that her enjoyment of vengeance may endure as long as possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Tasmania, when the\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 black war}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~broke out between the English and the aborigines, the Tasmanian women terribly tortured the prisoners, in order to avenge their companions who had been carried off by the English. We must also attribute to the desire for vengeance, the torments inflicted by the women upon prisoners of war among the Red Indians.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elizabeth of Russia, betrayed by her lover, obliged him to marry a deformed dwarf, and to pass his wedding night in an ice palace, where the furniture and the bed were all of ice. The next morning, attended by her Court, she went to present the newly wedded pair with a bouquet. She found them, stretched out upon their bed of ice, nearly frozen. She then banished her rival to Siberia first causing her ears and nose to be cut off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wealthy Russian Prince, in love with a very beautiful peasant girl of fifteen, took her to live with him for five years; at the end of which time, wishing to contract an alliance, he paid her a sum of money in dower and obliged her to marry a peasant. The young girl made no sign for ten years, until the death of her husband; but after the lapse of that period, a rising having taken place among the peasantry against the nobles, she excited them and led a body of peasants to the castle of her ancient lover, had him taken and dragged into his\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 izba}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , harnessed him to the plough instead of the oxen, and for three days obliged him thus to work, lashing him with the whip each time that he fell to the ground. At night she led him to the stable and made him lie down with the oxen; compelling him\~[222]to eat fodder with the beasts and making merry over his sorry plight. This amusement lasted for three days, at the end of which time, the man fell dead in one of the furrows he was ploughing}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Russian, an idle and worthless fellow who had let his wife suffer hunger, proposed to her that she should be sold as a slave to the Sultan. After some hesitation, she accepted and they started off; but when they had gone about half the way, the husband having fallen asleep intoxicated, the idea came into her mind to sell him for a slave, in her place. She then tied him on the horse, started off again on the road and arriving at the place of rendezvous, she delivered her husband to the merchant, and remained to watch the Turk push the half-awakened man into the boat, laughing whilst he showered blows upon him.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76881/pg76881-images.html#Footnote_28"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 28]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A young Russian peasant woman lived with a small land-owner, who betrayed her; at last she took refuge with a band of brigands, who treated her like a queen. One day she caused two of them to capture her old lover, and had him brought to the camp where she used him as a kind of living foot-stool: when she sat down she covered him with a carpet and put her feet upon him, and when she wanted to go out she made him carry her on his shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Women have often been cruel mistresses to their slaves. A lady in Guiana, being envious of a very handsome mulatto slave, had her branded on the mouth, cheeks and forehead. In the case of another slave, who was also very beautiful, she had the tendon of Achilles cut thus causing her to become a deformed and crippled monster.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76881/pg76881-images.html#Footnote_30"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 30]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is a notorious fact that Roman and Greek ladies often inflicted most terrible punishments on their slaves, and that it was more particularly towards the female slaves, the\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 ancill\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u230\'E6}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , that the cruelty of their mistresses was shown. The Roman ladies, if, while they were having their hair dressed, they were vexed with their attendants, used to thrust pins into their arms and breasts. Darwin relates that at Rio Janeiro, an old lady possessed a kind of thumb screw which she had had made expressly to crush the fingers of her slaves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even with animals, we observe this phenomenon. Hens often separate two young cocks who are fighting together. Sir George Le Grand Jacob has observed females of the wild goat (Steinbock) raise with their heads he-goats that had been shot, support them and help them to escape. Romanes relates, that sometimes the female gibbon, takes great care of all the members of the troop when they are wounded, even if they are not relate }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The savage woman also is very often kind and good. It is notorious that the explorers of savage countries have often escaped serious perils, thanks to the kindness of the native women. Australasian women have often revealed to European travellers the plots laid against them by the men of their tribe: they have even risked their own lives for that purpose.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76881/pg76881-images.html#Footnote_33"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 33]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Stanley, at the island of Bambyrch, on the Nyanza, was roughly greeted by the natives, who were desirous of exterminating his expedition; but a woman came to warn him and to advise him to perform a certain ceremony with the King Shekka by which he would acquire his friendship. In Senegambia an old woman, meeting Mungo Park, who was half dead of starvation and had just been despoiled by a negro king, gave him food, and went away without waiting to be thanked. Another time the same traveller, being left with nothing but his saddle, was hospitably entertained by some women, whom he heard chant these words as he fell asleep: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The winds roared and the rain beat, the poor white man came and sat down under our tree, he had no mother to give him milk, no wife to grind him corn. Let us take pity on the white man, he has no mother, etc., etc.\u8221\'94\u8288\'3F}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76881/pg76881-images.html#Footnote_34"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 34]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Michelet says that woman\~[225]was the first physician; and certainly she fulfils the office of infirmarian among many savage peoples, the Esquimaux, the Mincopies, etc. etc. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is woman kind or cruel? Can we reconcile these two series of facts, so contradictory in themselves? That is the question which now comes before us.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 YOU FUCKING MORON. Here, in the monist journal, where the obviousness of the futlility of language is clear, this man has the gall to ask this question.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Panpsychism doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t contribute to predictions. What can you do with it. Justify ignoring them all outright. But why would this be a sensible position if the very nature of science is such that it cannot possibly accurate describe the whole of reality. Nothing can be proved, they are only models. And so you might justly say that it is not science, because it is not a testable model, but of that \u8216\'91smoething extra\u8217\'92 which there *must* be. It seems sensible to assert that it is there in raw sensation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::4>OBSERVATIONS ON SOME POINTS IN JAMES\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8217\'92S PSYCHOLOGY.<!$Scr_H::4>}
\par\pard\plain \sa60\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs20\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::5>II. EMOTION.<!$Scr_H::5>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing in Professor James\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work will be likely to strike the average reader as more paradoxical than his views on the subject of Emotion, which he must be allowed to state in his own words. After premising that he will limit his discussion, in the first instance, to what may be called the coarser emotions, as fear, grief, rage, love, in which every one recognises a strong organic reverberation, he goes on to say:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [286]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our natural way of thinking about these coarser emotions is that the mental perception of some fact excites the mental affection called the emotion, and that this latter state of mind gives rise to the bodily expression. My theory, on the contrary,\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 is that the bodily changes follow directly the perception of the existing fact, and that our feeling of the same changes, as they occur, is the emotion}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Common sense says, we lose our fortune, are sorry and weep; we meet a bear, are frightened and run; we are insulted by a rival, are angry and strike. The hypothesis here to be defended says that this order of sequence is incorrect, that the one mental state is not immediately induced by the other, that the bodily manifestations must first be interposed between, and that the more rational statement is that we feel sorry because we cry, angry because we strike, afraid because we tremble, and not that we strike, cry, or tremble, because we are sorry, angry or fearful, as the case may be. Without the bodily state following on the perception, the latter would be purely cognitive in form, pale, colorless, destitute of emotional warmth. We might then see the bear and judge it best to run, receive the insult and deem it right to strike, but we should not actually\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 feel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~afraid or angry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stated in this crude way, the hypothesis is pretty sure to meet with immediate disbelief. And yet neither many nor far-fetched considerations are required to mitigate its paradoxical character, and possibly to produce conviction of its truth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>CORRESPONDENCE.<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::4>I.\line THE RELIGIOUS OUTLOOK IN FRANCE.<!$Scr_H::4>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The return of Mme. Hyacinthe Loyson to France after her American tour, undertaken, I understand, in order to obtain new support for the Gallican church, suggests the writing of this article, which will be a brief survey, from the point of view of an American layman, of the present religious situation in France.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As P\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u232\'E8re Hyacinthe\u8217\'92s reform has been made the peg on which to hang this article, perhaps I cannot do better than begin by an examination of the noble but fruitless labors of the eloquent ex-Carmelite. While one cannot help being carried away by the oratory of Hyacinthe Loyson and charmed with his personality, so full of wit, kindliness, and gentility; while one must admire the devotedness and earnestness of Mme. Loyson and feel much sympathy for their studious and promising son Paul, one is convinced in spite of one\u8217\'92s self that this latter-day Gallicanism is doomed to failure if indeed it has not already failed. You have simply to visit the poor little church in the Rue d\u8217\'92Arras, in this city, to see what a mere handful of followers P\u232\'E8re Hyacinthe has been able to collect in this great centre of two million people, after years of work and after preaching hundreds of magnificent sermons that would fill to overflowing the largest edifice in America, Sunday after Sunday, if delivered with similar eloquence by a divine of no matter what denomination or of no denomination at all. To the practical layman of this practical age no further demonstration is necessary in order to prove that P\u232\'E8re Hyacinthe\u8217\'92s mission is, as the French say,\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 un coup\~[451]dans l\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92eau}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , that is, an effort which produces no result. Whenever I leave this humble church and am well out in the narrow, shabby street in which it is situated and am away from the influence of the preacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fascination, I cannot help exclaiming, What a waste of power, What a casting of pearls before swine! And all of Mme. Loyson\u8217\'92s enthusiastic conversation in private, her accounts of the encouraging letters received by the P\u232\'E8re, furtively of course, from discontented priests, and her statements concerning the warm words of sympathy and support from the churchmen of foreign lands, cannot remove that abiding feeling that this rejuvenated Gallican church movement is other than a dismal failure; more than ever one exclaims:\~}{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 C\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92est un coup dans l\u8217\'92eau}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}