{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Close your eyes and smell a world filled with the fragrances of night-blooming cactus flowers, sacred datura, and the aromatic oils of crostotebush released into the air after the first summer rains. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Calls of cactus wrens, cicacas, scaled quail, curve-billed thrashers and spadefoots. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sonoran desert has a great variety of species and habitats, the latter ranging from extremely hot, arid desert to semi-arid tropical forset to frigid subalpine meadows. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gobal scale habitt = biome - determined dby the climatic factors of temperature and rainfall.  These are in turn caused by latitude, elevation and wind patterns. Plans, ,being generally immobile, are the most obvious and easily recognizable components of a biological community. Plants are more definitive of their biomes because they must be adapted to that specific environment.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Biomes and most other biological calssifications are largely subjective concepts - an attepmpt to make sense of the unwieldy and nearly incomprehensible diversity of nature. Their boundaries are rarely distinct.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wherever two biological communities or biomes meet, there is usually a zone of intergradation, which is sometimes very wide. For these reasons, classifications differ among classifiers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thornscrub as a separate biome between desert and tropical forest?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Biomes subdivided into biotic community. (Brown and Lowe 1982).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Tundra}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tundra is the most poleward and highest elevation biome and is characterized by extremely cold winters. Dominat plant life forms are ground hugging woody shrubs and perennial herbs. Intesne cold excludes trees. No plant can survive if exposed above the winter snow cover. And succulents - the growing season is too short for annuals. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everywhere on earth, temperatures at the same elevations become warmer as one moves toward the equator. But an increase in elevation has the same climatic effect as traviling toward a pole: temperature decreases (and percipitation increases). So climates that support tundra like those in the arctic can be found on the highest mountains all the way to the equator. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Coniferous forest (taiga)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cone bearing trees, especially pines, firs, and spruces in the northern hemisphere. Cold only a little less severe than tundra. Tree heights a few feet, near the boundary to over 300 feet in more temperate latitudes\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85. Found at increasing elevations as one moves southward into mexico, until it is pushed off the tops of the mountains by excessive aridity and warmth. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Temperate broadleaf forest}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dense stands of broadleaf trees that drop their foliage in winter. Milder temperatures, too cold for plants to grow in winter. Warm and humid summers. More species.\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  more spcies, but as you push south the trees dwindle out, people dwindle out, and then you have the hrkans.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scattered aspen groves and ribbons of riparian trees. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The foothills and lower mountain slopes on the eastern boundary of the sonoran desert support oak woodlands  mixed with pines at slightly higher elevations. The oaks, however are mostly evergreen species; only ephemerally deciduous in spring except during severe droughts. Oak forest that extends as far north as central arizona, where it is ssqueezed out by the cool-teperate rocky mountain forests above it and the more arid grassland and desert below. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Difference between woodland and forest is that the tree canopies overlap.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mountains called sky islands.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Mediterranean woodland and shrubland}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Semiarid biome that occurs on the west coast of every continent between 30 and for latitude. Smallest biome unique for mediterannean climate: mild, moist winters and hot, dry summers. Called chaparral in North America. Mature chaparral consists almost solely of woody, evergreen shrubs with small, leathery leaves. The numerous species form impenetrable thickets from 5 to 8 feet tall.  }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 During the long, dry summers the typically resinous foliage and dry, woody stems become explosively combustible. Wildfires raze large areas to ash-covered earth every few decades. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Species are well adapted to periodic blazes. Following fires the bare ground is briefly colonized by a large number of annual species, but the land is soon reclaimed by the shrubs that sprout from seeds or root crowns.  }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Trees and succulents are rare life forms in chaparral because they are more vulnerable to destruction by the very hot fires. This is how the plant gets rid of the competition.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Grassland}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Semiarid biome characterized by warm, humid summers with moderate rain and cold, dry winters.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scores of species of grass forma nearly continuous coe over large areas. Otehr well-represented life forms are annuals and geophyes (herbaceious perennials such as bulbs, which die to the ground each year).  Populations of trees, shrubs, and succulents are kept at low levels by periodic fires.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most grasslands in western states are intermediaries between praries and deserts. Grasses in desert grassland are shorte and less dense compared to plains grassland, and the land supports more shrubs and succulents. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Desert}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Driest biome, vegetation determined solely by the extreme aridity. Temperature and seasonality of rainfall determine the spec. Widely spaced plants with small or absent leaves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Tropical savanna}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Warm, semiarid biome by flat land covered with continuous herbaceous vegetation. Usually dominated by greasses, with some trees and other woody pplants. Extensive in africa, australlia, india, and south america. We consider to be \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91ecotones\u8217\'92. Most of these are wrm-temperaate, not tropical. A small part of the plains of sonora subdivision of hte  sonoran desert.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Thornscrub}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Is intermeditte between the desert and tropical forest biomes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Tropical dry forest}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No freezing temps, dry season that lasts three to nine months, during which many plants become deciduous. Flowering epiphytes - plants that grow on other plants or rocks but are not parasitic.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vines.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Tropical wet forest}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No  freezing temps and no dry season.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Riparian communities}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Not biomes, though they could be considered isolated ribbons of temperate broadleaf forest they are better viewed as a unique habitat type. Occur within any biome wherever there is perennial water near the surface. The term }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 riparian}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  specifically refers to the zones along the banks of rivers; hower it is also applied to the shoreline communites of slow or nonflowing waters such as marshes and lake. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The drier the surrounding habitat, the more distinct is the riparian zone. In the desert grassland, a flowing stream supports a consipcuous oasis with forests and wildlife that would not otherwise occur in the area. The available water also augments populations of more arid-adapted species. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Montane streams support alders and aspens, while lower elevations there are cottonwoods and sycamores.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some ecologists broaden the conecpt of riparian communities to include dry washes in the deserts.  A wash in the lower colorado river vally, withits woodland of palo verdes, ironwoods, and desert willows, is clearly distinct from teh surrounding creosote flats. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Although many people visualize deserts as dry desolate wastelands, teh term actually defines a wide spectrum of landscapes and plant and animal densities. Most of the sonoran is more reminiscent of a sparse woodland. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The common denominator is extreme aridity. Water only available for short periods after rains. Desert definition : compare rainfall with potential water loss through evaporation and transpiration. Potential evapotranspiration. Crudely estimated.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A desert is a biological community in which most of the indigenous plants and animals are adapted to chronic aridity and periodic, extreme droughts, and in which these conditions are necesary to maintainthe ommunity\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s structure.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The sun shines almost vertically on the equatorial belt year round, but it shines ont he polar regions at a shollw angle and only during each pole\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s summer. There are two consequences. A 1-square meter beam of sunlight shines on about 1 square meter of the earth\u8217\'92s surface at the quator at noon, but it covers more than twice that area near the poles. The sun\u8217\'92s light and heat are thus less concentrated at higher latitudes. In addition, the quator the sunlight travels straight down through the atmosphere, but near the poles it travels through much more aire. Where more light is reflected, absorbed, or scattered and less reaches the ground. This is why the equator is hot and the poles are cold.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Equatorial region both hot and wet - it is a zone of warm, rising air. Absorbs much water vapor from the oceans and land vegetation. As this rises it cools. Eventually it reaches saturation , and vwater vapor conenses into clouds and often falls as rain.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The equatorial air rises, then spreads horizontally at high elevations to the north and south. Eventually the now-cool air sinks and flows along the surface to replace the rising air at the equator, forming a circulation cell. It tends to sink at about 30 north and 30 south latitude. Two zones called the horse latitudes by mariners. Sailing vessels were becalmed in these lattitudes. As the air sinks it becomes warm with compression, and becaus there is no source of evaporating water, it becomes drier with increasing temperature. Not only can sinking air not produce rain, but when it reache the ground it absorbs water from teh soil and vegetation, creating even more arid condition. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 More on pg. 13.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rainshadow of mountain block prevailing winds. As teh wind rises it cools and drops most of its moster on the windward slope. On the leeward side it descens, warms, and dries. }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Rain shadow desert on the lee side of the mountain.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desert organisms have evolved a variety of adpatations to avoid getting too much sun.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The valleys are dominated by low shrubs, primarily creosotebush and white bursage. These are the two most drought-tolerant perenial plants in north america, but in the driest areas of this subdivision even they are restricted to drainageways.  Trees grow only in the larger washes. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 5 seasons. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Summer monsoon - rainy season - in tohono O\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92odham tradition, the year begins with the most dramatic weather event of the region - the often abrupt arrival of the summer rains.  Monsoon is derived from an arabic word for \u8216\'91season\u8217\'92, was applied to a wind that changes direction seasonally. The north american monsoon wind shift, in our case a typically southerly wind in july, brings tropical moist air that moderates the temperatures from junes extremes and can generate frequent thunderstorms. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Autumn - warm petmps, low humid; little rain; few species in flower, growing season for winter annuals.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Winter - mostly sunny, mild days, with intermittent storms that bring wind, rain and cool-to-cold teps. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spring - mild temps little rain, windy,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Foresummer - high temps, very low humidity, no rain, warm and windy to hot and calm, the only common plants in fower are saguaro, and ironwoo, most are dormant until rain arrives.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ringed by mountains that keep rain away for much of the year.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moist air moving east from the pacific ocean is forced to rise over the cascades and sierra nevada, cooling as it rises. Since cool air cannot retain as much water vapor as wamer air can, the excess water precipitates in those california ranges. Moisture blown in from the ocean is effectively drained, and the air that moves down the ranges eastern slopes is so dry it cannot produce any more rain.  Knkown as the rain shadow effect. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At least two things are necessary for rain, a source of moisture and a delivery system for that moisture.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Succulenets that store gallons of moisture. Saguros grow visibly plump after a wet season. The extensive shallow roots of these lants help them capture much o fthe ephemeral moisture before it evaporates. The intense competition for water is one reason desert plants are so well dispersed over the landscape - the bre ground between them is in fact permeated with roots.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desert survival requires human adaptation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tohono O\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92odham farmers plant semiannually ( e.g. tepary beans, squash, corn, melons, wheat) to correspond to the two rainy seasons. Their fields are designed to catch water washing across the land after storms, often channeling it to areas that have been prepared for planting. A single summer or winter rain can make or break a harvest. They scatter their desert plots widely among several washes to maximize the chance that scattered thunderstorms will soak at least one field.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The tohono dislike jumping to any conclusions about the weather. Avoid any assumption the rain will fall for sure}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Modern farmers of large-sclae commercial crops have so divored themselves from the natural rhythm of the desert that they actually dislike rain. Cotton is gown solely on irrigation water. To increase their yields, some farmers stress their plants slightly by withholding water, and the plants produce more flowers as a result. Any natural rainfall during this period is seen, therefore, as interfering with the growers management plans.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 These aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t matters to ponder indoors!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mirage as a puddle in the distance. Receding edge matching its speed. A shalllow layer of sizzling air sits just above the survace of the hot pavement. When light from the sky encounters this superheated layer, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s bent towards our eyes. As if a mirror were laid flat on the road, see an image of the bright sky, upside down cars and cacti. Needs a steep angle.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Air temps can drop so rapidly in the first few centimeters above the soil that long legs can be an advantage for a smal animal. Man y desert lizards stretch out their ligs full length and lift their bodies as high as they can. Ground hugging desert creatures live in a world very different to our experience at the higher altitudes of human existence.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shimmer/atmospheric boil - bubbles of heat rising in the cool air causing objects to ripple at a distane. Larger versions, high in the air, are called thermals. Hawk wheeling in the sky. }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Rising air carries scent of decaying flesh.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dust devil is a special kind of thermal. Hotspot - air spirals inward and upward.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spread of funga spores that cause the disease coccidiodomycosis, better known as valley fever. Spread by dust devlis. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Airborne dust is a major factor in the formation of the limy desert soil layers called caliche, as well as clay-rich argillic layers, both of which have the profound effects on desert vegetation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The desert sky is so bright with uv around midday that an exposed surface receives about as much of it scattered from the sky as directly from the sun. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desert skies are such a deep bue because desert air is unnaturally pure, free of floating partics and droplets call aerosols. These fill the sky with white ight, diluting the blue. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiny salt crysts from evaporating ocean spray are exceptionally good at capturing water vaopr and creating water droplets. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Airborne pollen brightening the skys.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Atmospheric perspective is quite subtle, due to the clean, dry air. Source of dire consequences for desert travelers who think the next watering hole isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t that far away.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jays preening.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A desert sunset:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Balanced on the jagged horizon, the sun has turned the orange coor of a desert gobemallow blossom. Clearer skies intensify the coors. Make sunsets redder. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sun sets, the bue-gray band is rising slowly above the easter horizon, the earth\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow on the atmosphere.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Giant monsoon thundercloud, as teh sun slips farther below the horizon, the uptiting shadow fo the earth swaeed the coud from the bottom up. Just above the rising shadow the coud is bathed in teh warm light of the setting sun, but for many miiutes the top of the coud remains bright white, because at that great altitude the air is too thin to appreciably dim and redden the sunlight. The then summit turns pink as its lie by sunight that has  passed close to the surface.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Cool night air sliding dward instead of upward, and thanks to a peculiar atmospheric astigmatism, distant objects seem to stretch out verticaly, creating illusory cliffs and towers. ow}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 n the slops of mountain ranges and coecting on the valley foor. It will pool especially in ow places, which wil be noticbly colder by morning than laces ony a few meters higher. Cold air drainage. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dry cloudess skies let sunlight in during the day and heat out at night.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scintillation caused by shifting refraction by varying temperatures.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Between 11,000 and 12,000 years ago at teh end of the last glacial period, neary two-thirds of the large mammals of north america went extinct. Common, widespread grazers, including horses and mammoths disappeard. Ikely due to human hunters - few hundered years after their ientry into north america. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Overkill of naive large mammals\u8217\'92. No paleobotanical record of evidence for severe enough climatic chagnes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well-preserved plant remains in old packrat middens.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sometimes the lake of cool air that gathers overnight in a desert basin causes opposite mirages. Under these conditions, light is refracted down}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Upthrust of mountain chains.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Earthquakes caused by san andreas fault system.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Large couds of dusta nd forest fire smoke rising above the crest of the santa catalina mountains and first thought it was an erupting volcano. Apparently , the fires were  ignited by falling boulders crashign together and cause sparks on the dry hillsides.  Geysers of water shot up from the floodplain, while other streams and springs throught hte region dried up or initiated flow. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Prominent basalt fields, all formed in last 4 million years. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rare heavy rains produce torrents of mud, rocks and  vegetation that cascade rapidy down steep, narrow canyons in the mountains. Spread out from the mountains in gently sloping cones called alluvial fans. Vigorous mudflows can move boulders the size of small ships. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pediment - buried shoulder of bedrock that extends from the edge of the mountain some miles towards the valley center, where it meets a buried fault. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soil was deep, dark loamy stuff that supported the bountiful agricuture of the corn belt.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desert soils are unusual. They vary tremendously in texture; many are sandy and gravelly, while others contain layrs of sticky clay, or even rock-hard, white limy layers. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 in themore arid parts, surfaces of some soils are covered by a ayer of small stones that can be as tighty interlocked as a roman mosaic, and are coated with dark, shiny rock varnish. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gravelly or stony aluvial fans that spil out of mountain drainages into adjacent basins cover much of the face of the sonoran desert.  The sediments that get transported are finer - snads, silts, clays. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Many sois of the piedmonts and basin floors start out as deposits of gravelly or stony lluvium tht have fairly uniform chracteristics throughout. With the passage of time, however, pronounced horizontal layers called}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0  soil horizons}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  develop. You can often aisliy see these horizons in oder, well-developed sois because they differ from one nother in color. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 20-40 inches below the suface is the calcic horizons, white, accumulation of calcium carbonate, which in many areas is thick (3ft) and strongly cemented. Called caliche.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You can tell how much rain a region gets based on how far down the calcium carbonate layer is. Rain pushes it down. In extemely arid regions, may accumulate within a few centimeters of the surface.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Atmospheric additions of calcium contained indust and precippitation are the predominant source of the calcium contained in calcic horizons of most desert soils.  23g of dust per square meter of surface area per year. One half gram of cacium carbonate per square meter of ground surface in one years time.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Precipitation also contains dissolved calcium.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Weathering and accumulation of iron bearing minerals produce red \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  soil horizons. Biotite and hornblende are common iron-bearing mineras in parent materials derived from many kinds of igneous and metamorphic rocks. Weathering of these mineras creates new minerals, including rust-colored iron oxide compounds. As these compounds accumulate, they paint the soil with increasingly strong reddish hues. Very young soils lack accumulations of these iron oxides and are typicay pale brown or yellowish-brown. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The degree of reddening depends prinariy on the iron content of minerals in the parent material. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desert pavement - stony jumbleof bars and swales is the topographic imprint of the surface\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s creation by the powerful tumult of moving water laden with rocky debris. Over time, though, this imprint disappears as teh vertical relief of  these coars, rocky depostis is leveled out, eventally forming the flat pavement of small stones. - differential heating of rock sufaces as the sun passes from eastern to western horizons during the course of the day. Cause s internal strain, eventualy producing near-vertical cracks that tend to be oreineeted alon gnorth to south axes. The best developed pavements are those that have formed over the passage of several tens of thousands to a few hundreds of thousands of years.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 See more pg. 92 for how they form}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desert pavements are frequently very dark colored and shiny; in many cases nearly black. Rock varnish, also called desertvarnish. Provides this dark color. Very thin, at most few hundredths of a millimeter. These thin, lustrous coatings contain a variety of constuaents. Cay minerals about 70 perent. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Process is still debated.  Not a weathering product of the underlying rock. Rock varnish is materials added to and coating the originalr ock surface. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Not everywhere because rock usually erodes faster than varnish can form. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 By removing the dark varnished stones and exposing the underying ight colored soil, prehistoric peoples created fantastic images of human figures, animals and abstract forms. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Microphytic soil crusts - algae, lichens, liverwort, and bacteria cover the surface in dense mats. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91The personality of the jaguar pervades the wilderness\u8217\'92 - idea of everything reacting to the presence of this predator.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We had not for weeks seen a man or a cow, an axe-cut or a fence.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the last word in procrastination, go travel with a river reluctant to ose his freedom in the sea.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aldo leopold 1922 - I am told the green lagoons now raise cantaloupes. If so, they should not lack flavor. Man always kills the things he loves, and so we the pioneers have killed our wilderness.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The longer the hohokam lived in an area, the more they hunted out the big game and relied on rabbits and rodents for animal protein. And as they cleared desert vegetation for firewood and fields, they also harvested more jackrabbits, which fled predation by running across flats, instincts telling them to dash for cover that was no longer there. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Swim bladders of fish is a delicacy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We abuse land because we regard it as a commodity belonging to us. When we see land as a community to which we belong, we may begin to use it with love and respect. - aldo leopold}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The place is a desert oasis known as quitobaquito, centered on a spring fed wetland at the base of some cactus stippled hills that lie smack dab on the us-mexico border. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 more than 270 plant species, over 100 bird species, and innumerable insects find quitobaquito a moist harbor on the edge of a sea of sand and cinder. Not far to the west of this oasis are volcanic ridges that have frequently suffered consecutive years with only 1 to 2 inches of annual rianfall.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You could easily recognize a desert even if you were blindfolded. You would discover that you could walk fairly long distances without bumping into plants, and when you did, the encounter would likely be painful.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 On really hot, dry days you would smell pungent, aromatic terpenes and oils exuded by parched vegetation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Often spiny, or tiny eafed, and rarely \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91leaf-green\u8217\'92. Many have bold, sculptural growth forms characterized by swollen stems or starkly exposed stems unconcealed by foliage.  Also the opposite: Also stems and foliage that are so fine-textured and sparse that the eye tends to look right throughthem. \u8216\'91Diaphanous plants\u8217\'92\u8217\'92wisps of sheer delight\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 New world cacti and old world succulent euphorbias are great example of convergent evolution.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fora structures form complex patterns that are more readily traceabe as plants evove. The parts of flowers and fruits are also easier to identify and describe than the vegetative organs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is quite difficutl to verbaly explain the leaves different shades of green, degrees of hairiness, and the scalloping of the margins, especially if you lack the minutely detailed vocubalry of the botanist. For example. The terms, pubescen, puberulent, lanate, villous, hirsute, hirsutulous, ciliate, tomentose, strigose, pilose, and hispid, all describe different kinds and dgrees of hairiness. And even difference between individuals of hte same species. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But flowers and fruints are easier .petals, stamens, and other structures can be counted and lengths and widths measured. The hpoint of attachment of the stamens to the petals can be described unambiguously. For example, a flower that has many petals and sepals that intergrade into one another, many stamens ( hundreds), a two- to mulltilobed stigma, and an ovary enveloped in stem tissue may be unequivaccly identified as belongig to a member of the cactus family. All 2000 plus species of cacti possess some variation of this basic pattern and no other plant group does.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The sepals collectively make up the calyx, they enclose all other flower parts in the bud, usually completely concealing the rest of the flower until it opens. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The petas collectivey make up the corlla. Petals are visual advertising banner that attracts pollinators. Petals and sepals look similar in many flowers, such as in lilies and agaves. By definition the sepals are the parts on the outside; petals are concealed in the bud stage. When they cant be distnguished, they are collectively called tepals. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The calyx and corolla make up the perianth. The perianth parts may be separat or fused together for part or all of their length. Often there is only one series of perianth parts. Ut of necessity, these must be on the outside and therefore they are sepals, even if they are large and colorful.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The female part of the flower is the pistil, composed of the stigma, style and ovary. The ovary contains ovules which develop into seeds. Seeds when fertilized by the sperm in poolen. Seeds are plant embryos encased in protective membrane. Usually along with stored energy to fuel germination. If the ovary is visible beneath the calyx, it is said to be inferior. It is superior if you must look inside the flower to see it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The male part of the flower is the stamen. Anther and filament. Andthers produce pollen grains, which contain sperm cells.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Almost without exception, living organisms - plants, animals, fungi, and most bacteria - obtain energy for sustaining life from carbohydrates by metabolic process of aerobic respiration - breathing. Respiration is the chemical pathway throuh which carbohydrate is broken down into carbon dioxide and water. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Photosynthesis is functionally the reverse of respiration; carbon dioxide and water are combined to form the larger molecules of carbohydrate, with the addition of energy from sunlight. Water is absorbed through plant roots, and co2 diffuses into leave through the stomates ( valved poers in the leaf and stem surfaces). }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 More on pant respiration pg. 142}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cactus rots in rainforst. Freeze or shaded out by growing plants.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shindagger. Elephanttree, boojum, creeping devil. Spanish names: dragon\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s blood, shild-killer and old man\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Saguros root system radiates as far as the plant is tall. 2 ft cholla may be 30 feet long.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Succulent must guard its water hoard in a dessiccating environment and use it as efficiently as possible. Stems and leaves have waxy cuticles that render them waterproof when the stomates are closed. Few leaves means low surface area (or deciduous in dry season)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most succulents are spiny bitter or toxic and often all three. Or camoflauged.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Drought tolerant pants often appear to be dead or dying during hte dry seasons. They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re just bundles of dry sticks with brown or absent foliage, reinforcing the myth that desert organisms are engaged in perpetual struggle for survival. But theyo are  not suffering or dying any more than a napping dog is near death; they are simply waitng for rain in their own way. L}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desert foliage comes in many shades, but rarely in typical leaf-green. More often leaves are gray-green, buegreen, gray, or even white. The light color is usually caused ba dense covering of hair-like scales but is soetimes a waxy secretion on the lef or stem surface.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Leaves or stems with vertical orientations; photosynthetic surface facing sun in morning, when it is cooler and more efficient.  Some cacti create their own shade with a dense armament of spines; teddy bear cholla. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Plant has male and female organs - androgenous}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flowers can be classified into several polination syndromes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The hummingbird pollination syndrom is easily recognized. Hummingbirds are large compared with most insects, almost unique in their ability to feed while hovering, and active in daytime. No sense of smell, but they have long, narrow beaks and tongues that can probe deep, narrow tubes, as well as excellent color vision. Humming burd fowers tend to be long-tubular, nonfrangt, sideways or down-facing, day-blooming, and brightly colord. Bees and most other animas cannot easily land on a hanging flower, and even if they succeed they cannot reach the nectar. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wind pollinated plants make no investment in attracting animals; their flowers lack fragrance or showy parts. Many people would not recognize them as fowers at all. Prodigious quantities of pollen are released. Conifers, most riparian trees, oaks, and grasses are all wind-pollinated.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Many plants use animals to dispers their seeds in a coevolutionary process as compelex as that of polination.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the desert some seeds are water dispersed. Blue palo verde grows mostly aong washes. Fash floods disperse the very hard, waterproof seeds downstream, scarifying them in the process. In the absence of scarification these seeds must weather in the ground for a few years before the seed coats become permeable and permit germination.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Showy masses of fruits. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spinach beets, sugar beetst, }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1  of economic value.}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pickleweed This plant grows only in the intertidal zone of estuarine salt marshes on the coasts. Grows in pure stands, but few people ever notice this pant since most folks avoid the wet ground where it grows. Wits when it gets rained on. Salt loving plant. Each marsh is an isolated island of saturated saline soil surrounded by dry land and sea. Each estuary has a unique ecotype of pickleweed; differ in such characteristics as plant height seed size, and season of germination. An expert can look at a plant in the lab and tell which estuary it ws collected from.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Palm - shallow roots live near oases. Fruit produced in bunches; each one has a thin, sweet layer of pul covering the large seed. Host plant for the giant palm borer, a thumb-sized beetle up to 2 inches long.. Twig borers. Adults fly during the hottest summer nights, mate and lay hundreds of eggs in the soft tissue near the crown of the palm. The grubs feed on the fibrous trunk tissue with their large mandibles. During their 3 to 10 year larval life they burrow down the trunk, nearly to the ground, then partway back up befor pupating. Heavily infested trees can snap in strong winds. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Oriols neseting leaves. Paper wasps and bes. Scorpions, spiders in the thatch. Lizards preying on the bugs and hide under the skirts.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vines with strangely shaped fowers and foiage that exudes a distinctive, unpleasant odor. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The roasted, sugar-rich agave hearts have been an important food for numerous native american groups. Juice from teh mature plants is consumed both fresh and fermented.  Syarp called agave nectar. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Brews fiber from leaves is the source of sisal rope. Henequen fiber. Weave baskets from teh fiabres of yuccas and nolinas. Compresses for wound sform macerated pup, jucies from leaves and roots in tonics. But raw sap can cause severe dermatitis. Fish poison and arrow poison.  Soap from the roots.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Strinkingly banded with many shades of color}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Each subdivision of the sonoran desert has at least one common species of bursage that contributes subliminally to the visual character of the landscape.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Nursepants, seedlings of most desert plants cannot survive the extreme environmental conditions in exposed ground, they must start life in the shelter of another nurse plant. Bursages are one o fhte few plants that can colonize exposed sits; over the succeeding centuries they may be repaced by a series of other species that establishunder one another\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s canopies.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shrubs and subshrubs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Brittlebush: rain leeches germination inhibiting chemicals out of the leaves and into the soil. For this reason only a few species of annual wildflowers can grow under brittlebushes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cactus bees are mostly soitary. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In taditional o\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92odham view, these cacti are not pants; they are another form of humanity. People were turned into them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pleated stems., ribs ined with clusters of hard spaines. Pleats allow the plant to expand without stretchingand bursting during water uptake.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Creeping devil looks like aliens}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Is it safe to camp here?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Globular stems, unbranched.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Short funnel shaped flowers that are stiff and don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t extned beyond the spines}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One of the great fables of desert survival is that barrels and other cacti are reservoirs of water that can be easily tapped and drunk. It is true that indigenous peoples and a few desert residents know how to botain emergency water from cacti, but most others dcant do it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The first problem is getting to teh pulp inside the very tough and spiny epidermis. A pocketknife is inadequate, and tools taht are typically carried in aa car aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t effective. The labor of cutting into a barrel on a hot day is likely to cause loss of more water from seating that what you would get.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Secondly, the water in cactus pulp is tightly bound in a gooey mucilage. Much of the year the plants are not fully hydrated and teh pulp is more like a damp sponge than a watermelon-  you can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t squeee much liquid out of it. Furthermore, the raw pulp of many cacti is inedibe. Some species have potentially toxic levels of oxalic acid, bitter and sometimes toxic alkaloids, or other substances that cause diarrhea. Or vomiting. The best cactus for emergency water is ferocactus wislizeni. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 See: camp fires on desert and lava by willim t hornaday, chapter 16. Water can be obtained from cacti using a machete and a solar still. But anyone with the foresight to pack these tools is smart enough to carry plent y of water and inform friends ofretun date.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Turk\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s head golbular cactus.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Compass barrel - stems always lean in the same direction. Large plants often lean towards the southwest. It has been hypothesized that the intense heat from the afternoon sun retards growth on the southwest side of the plants. Adn the greater growth on the cooler side pushes the plants over.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eatign its flesh causes nausea diarrhea and temporary paralysis. Us teh pulp as a pain relieving pultice. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jointend segments - the elongation fo joints is permanently terminated by the onset of the dry season; new joints branch from areoles.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The formidably spiny flower buds of some chollas are eaten by o\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92odham and other desert dweilling peoples. The buds are rolled on the ground or another hard surfacewith sticks to remove the spines and glochids. They are pit-roasted for a day and either eaten immediately or dried or pickeld for latery consumption. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Good for thickening broth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cochineal is a scale insect that feeds on prickly pears. Its body fluids contain a bright crimson, foul tasting substance that protects it from predators. Ground cochineal insects were usedby native peoples to dye their textiles rich red or purple, depending on the processing. In europe this color of dye was so rare that only royalty could use it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Today, red candie beverages, and lipstick are often colored with the blood of bugs raised on prickly pears.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jumping cholla - many people believe that they really do jump (attracted by the moisture of the animal), and some even claim to have caught them in the act. The truth is that the very sharp spines are so well barbed that even if one barely penetrates tskin or clothing, its grip is stronger than the connectionbetween joints. If you pass a jumping cholla and turn to look when you feel a tug on your clothing, you may see the joint detaching and flying through the air as the elastic recoil of thecloth stnaps it to your flesh. The surprise of seeing a plant moving faster than you.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The easiest wayto remove a cholla joint is to place a comb between it and your skin and quickly jerk it away. Because of the barbs it will take considerable force to dislodge it, and the joint may fly several feet.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Plants require large quantities of four minerals: nitrogen, phosphorous, potassium and sulfur. Latter three are present in soil, but nitrogen is an atmospheric gas. Som coil backteria can fix nitrogen ( convert it into nitrate or other water soluble compounds that plants can use). Als decomposition of dead plants and animals. In arid soils especially, where decompostiino of organic material is slow plant growth is often limited by the available amount of soil nitrogen.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Trees with green bark - chlorophyll bearing tissue.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cook the slightly toxic seeds in two changes of water.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dark colored heart wood of ironwood is rich in toxic chemicals and essentially nonbiodegradable. Physically weathers away over many centuries. Dead trees can remain standing for a millenium.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Favorite for wood carvings.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Harvest for wood carbing and for charcoal nearly extirpated large trees in most of sonora.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - loving almost cut out the ironwood - farmers saw it as a pest and tried to eradicate it, but their heart wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t in it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Funnelform white flowers six inches long}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 creosotebush}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The fruit is a small wooly ball that separates into five segments when mature.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The foliage emits a strong aroma, especially after rains. Pungent, but not repulsive. The smell of rain.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 O\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92odham say it was the first plant created. Medicanal. Known as greasewood.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Grasses -}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Specialized monocots. Jointed stems, leaves and inflorescences. Jointed sems (culms) are round or flattened (never triangular), the are usually hollow except at the nodes  (points where leaf arise) where they are solid. Leaves generally consist of two main parts: a tubular sheath around the clum and a blade - usually single at each noed but wo-ranked. Small individual flowers (florets) enclosed by two small bracts. A single floret is subtended by two other specialized bracts, the glume. Florets are small and not showy. A wind polinated plant.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shrubgrass - feed grass for ranchers. Firecycles keep the savannah moving.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kangaroo rat - can survive without drinking water - gets enough through the metabolization of food.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 this blows dresden\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. All living things drink.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Arthropod - armor plating. Expressionless eyes.  Too many legs jointed in too many places.  Abdomen pulses, antennae twitch, tiny oral appendages shift food to the mouth. Lean a little closer and it leaps into the air, almost into one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face, then veers of on crackling wings.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 External skeleton, segmented bodies, jointed appendages; crabs, lobsters, spiders, centipeds, insects. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Extraordinary diversity of arthropods eclipses the modest radiation of vertabrates.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Articulated skeleton. Hinge to one another at joints. Muscles spanning joints and anchored to different parts of the skeleton.  Skeleton supports weight and resists the stress of locomotion.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The skull and vertebral bones encase the brain and spinal cord, while the ribs protect the heart and other organs. Long bones form the internal core of the limbs. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Compare animals with skeletons to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91soft-bodied\u8217\'92 animals. Slugs, snails, and worms. Fleshy, cylindrical bodies without legs, lay full lengtho n the ground. Dependon muscle to retain form and support their weight. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skeletons allow for diverse forms.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Move over surface by contracting muscles of the body wall, vs. Using limbs to walk, trot run, leap, brachiate, and fly.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All flying animals must be able to satisfy stringet flight requirements .they must have extensive respiratory systems to supply quantities of oxygen to flight muscles and sophisticated nervous systems to coordinate rapid flight responses. And, of course, functional paris of wings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An increase in size has physical consequences for any creature. As a an animal doubles in size, its weight increases eightfold, but the weight bearing capacity of its skeleton and the strength of its muscles only quadrubles. Because of their great weight, large vertebrates have skeletons disproportionately heavy and robust.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Presumably, terrestrial arthropods could reach horror-movie size simply by developing big, sturdy skeletons. But they have not done so. It seems that the costs associated with large size affect arthropods more strongly than vertebrates.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For arthropods, possible risk of injury, potentially compromised gas exchange, and }{\f4\fs24\b1\i0 complications during molting}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  all become more serious problems at vertebrate like sizes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As an arthropod gets larger, the proportion of weight attributed to the skeleton will increase faster than it does for a vertebrate. At some point, the advantages of increased size will not compensate for the difficulties associated with a heavy skeleton. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without the cushioning effect of soft tissues, a super-sized arthropod\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skeleton is more vulnerable to abrasion and impat damage than the internal skeleton of vertebrates. For example, the weight of any running animal comes down on its small area of feet. Vertebrates have skeletal shock absorbers, such as pads on the undersides of paws, cartilage between joints and vertebrae, and springy ligaments throughout bodies. No significant padding covers an arthropod\u8217\'92s feet, so those small parts of the arthropod skeleton would bear the entire force of impact generated by teh now super-sized owner\u8217\'92s weight, paerhaps fracturing or buckling in response. A simple fall might be even more damaging.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Insects - rely on a complex system of internal tubes for oxygen delivery to tissues. The tubes are part of hte skeletons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Molting - just after molting an arthropod is essentially a soft-bodied invertebrate. The skeleton is still soft and flexible and does not provide good support. Thus, arthropods must gulp air or water in order to hold their body form until the skeleton hardens. The larger the size, the more difficult this process becomes. Until the new exoskeletonhas hardened, the arthropod is more susceptible to injury and predation. Each time an arthroppod molts it undergoes these risks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A single plant may be a meal toavertebrate, butto arthropods it can be auniverse. One species might completelarval developmentina flower bud, while another species spends its entirelifefeedingonthe woody stems. A large plantlike the saguarocansuport an entirecommunity of arthropodsthroughout its life and even after death. Other habitats, such as }{\f4\fs24\b1\i0 the surface of water}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and the bodies of other animals.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outrageous forms. Beautiful forms. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Primary strategy for dealing with high desert temperatures is avoidance - many animals simply avoid the high daytime temperatures by being nocturnal or crepuscular (active at dusk and dawn). Bobcat, javelina. Noctural birds such as nightjars and owls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another strategy is to seek out a cool microclimate. A cactus wren rest quietly in the shade of a jojoba; a prarie falcon will nest on a ledge of a cool north-facing  cliff and and avoid the hot south face. A cool deep crevice in the cliff face for a pallid bat, while a ringtail sleeps the day away in a jumble of rocks at the base of the cliff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some mammals create their own microclimates. A white-throated woodrat, or packrat, builds a house madeo f desert litter - cholla joints, prickly pear pads,sticks and sotnes. Looks a little like a trash heap and may be 3 feet high and 8 feet across. At the bottom of this pile a series of tunnels leads to a nest of soft plant fibers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brrows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Large body size actually has its advantages in the hot desert; a large body heats up more slowly than a small body. Thermal inertia. Buy enough time to get through a blistering summer day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On a hot day, curve-billed thrashers and other birds sleek their feathers, thus creating thinner insulating layer. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mammals have radiators - long ears of a jackrabbit. Works when the air is below the jackrabits normal body tempearture.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evaporative cooling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Primary method for cooling down. When a coyote pants, it rhytmically moves air over the moist surfaces of the mouth, throat and tongue, evaporation cools these tissues.  Coold blood is then circulated throughout the body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A hot owl will flap the loos skin under its throat to move air over its mouth cavity. This is called gular fluttering and is the same as panting. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brains are sensitive to heat. In sheep, and in dogs and cats, evaporative cooling of the nasal passages results in the cooling of a special network of blood vessels to the brain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A vulture evacuates its cloacal contents onto its legs if the daytime temperatures are over 70F.  The water evaporates, cooling the legs and drawing more heat from the body. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Water income and water expense}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stored water is generally limited to what can be placed in the gut or crop. Debts are not tolerated. A 10 to 15 percent  loss in body weight from water loss can impair an animal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s abilit yto recover; a 20 percent loss means death. Water loss can happen quickly on a hot day in the desert - 1 to 2 quarts per hour in humans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Water income:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Free water ( water hole)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Water in food (eat a juicy mistletoe berry)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oxidation water ( water produced by all animals when they metabolize food)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Water expense can come from }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evaporative cooling}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dilution and exretion of wastes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elimination of feces}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Production of eggs or milk.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some rodents, such as pocket mice and kangaroo rats, are independent of any free water - or even moist food. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kang eats dry high carb seeds. Seeds with much fat or high protein are avoided, the former produce too much heat that may have to be lost through evaporative cooling; the latter require toom uch water for diluting waste products. A kangaroo rat can live on oxidation water, but that is only aprt of its arsenal of strategies for desert survival. Additional water is available from dry seeds, which, when stored in its burrow, absorb as much as 30 persent of their weight in water from teh higher humidity in the burrow. The evaporative loss form a kangaroo rat is low, as the animal has no sweat glands and little water is passively lost through its skin. Repirator water loss is reduced by a nasal cooling system that extracts water from air as it is exhaled through the nasal chambers - a cooling system now known to be shared with other rodents and most other mammmals. A kangaroo rat can produce urine twice as concentrated as seawater and feces five times drier than a lab rat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dropppings. It conserves moisture futher by being nocturnal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Humans are good at keeping cool but rather poor at conserving water. Weating is the primary method of cooling the body; the evaporation of this sweat from all over the body cools the naked skin. During a really hot day in the desert, a human can lose more than 3 gallons through sweat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blood cooled by evaporation of sewat on the face and head penetrate the skul through tiny emissary veins, thus delivering freshly cooled blood to the brain. This cranial radiator is unique among primates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upright, two legged stance also confers some advantages for keeping cool. When the sun is directly overhead, only the head an dshoulders are in full sunlight. Much less radiant heat than four legged animals. Most of the body is raised above the hot desert floor; means rate of heat gain from the desert surface is much less. Being upright also exposes more of the body to cool air currents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Naked ness - without insulating fur, heat can be lost more easily through convection, and seat more easily evaporated. And that thick patch of hair shades the head and its heat sensitve brain from the sun.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amphibs and reptiles}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Live in fresh water as larvae and can move onto land as adults. Larvae breathe throug hgills, swim with tails, lateral line organs. As they transform into adults, the larvae lose those organs and grow lungs and limbs that are adapted for life on land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, the need for an aquatic larval stage and adults water permeable skin prevent amphibians from becoming completely terrestrial and limit radiation into arid habitats. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reptiels - waterproof skin and eggs with membrane to prevent dessication.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiger salamanders and lowland leopard frogs enter the desert only near permanent ponds, streams or springs. Survive in the desert by burrowing down to moist soil as much as 3 feet deep, where they send 9 to 11 months at a time. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reptiles have lower metabolic rates, which generate less internal heat. Reptiles thin skins provide little insulation to retain metabolic heat. But reptile sare erroneously described as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91cold-blooded.\u8217\'92 In fact, most species maintain fairly high boyd temps when active, by means of behavioral thermoregulation. Alter activity patters according to when environmental temperatures are favorable. Dinural lizards are active in midday in spring and fall, and in early morning and late afternoon during summer. Basking in the sun to absorb heat and scuttle into shade to cool down. Alter solar heat gain by changing body orientation to  the sun, as well as changing color (dark skin absorbs heat faster). Adjust body contact with the surface to regulate heat transfer. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 During times of environmental stress, desert reptiles spend long periods of inactivity in burros, often in those dug by other animals. During brumation in winter and estivation in summer, the inactive animals have greatly reduced metabolic processes. They live on water and nutrients stored in ther bodies. Desert tortoises have large urinary bladder that can store over 40% of their body weight in water. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 During droughts they can reabsorb minerals from their shells. Gila, chuckwalla, and western banded geckos store water in fatty tissue in their tails.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sidewinders have evolved an unusual form of locomtion in which the body contacts the surface at only two points as it lurches along. The flat-tailed horned lizard and the baja california legless lizard have lost the sand collecting external ear openings presnt in most lizards.  Small eyes, narrow heads, countersunk lower jaws, and very smooth scales - adaptations to swimming and breathing in loose sand. Fringe-like scales on the elongated toes of its hind feet ot give traction across dune surfaces. Wedge shaped head, nasal valves, ridged eyelids, scaly ear flaps, and fine body scales. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scorpion - long segmented design is divided into two obvious sections: the elliptical body and the trademark \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91tail\u8217\'92. Body is divided int otwo parts, the cephalothorax and the mesosoma (preabdomen). Cephalothorax contains all sensory, locomotory, and feeding appendages. Two pairs of chlicerae, positioned on either side of the mouth, allow the scorpion ot tear its prey while feeding. pincers are used for snesing as well as holding prey while envenomating and eating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sensory hairs on the legs can detect the vibrations of prey up to a foot away. Dorsally, is covered by the carapce. A pair of median eyes atop the carapace, several lateral eyes aranged into two groups along its front edge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mesosoma contains the paired genital openings, the spiracle slits that open into the tracheal system allowing the thing to breathe, and the pectines, a pair of comb-licke appendages on the ventral surface that sweep the ground, possible as contact pheromone detectors. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bark scorpions display negative geotaxis - that is, they orient themselves upside down - people are often stung by them as they pick up an object and press against a scorpion clinging to the underside. Defensive stinging is a series of quick jabs, after which the scorpion makes a hasty retreat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cool, moist air and air flows in dwellings can bring them inside.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scorps are nocturnal, vetur at night to forage for prey. Stout tail with darkly marked ridges running lengthwise along the underside and a total body length of about 2 inches.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Burrowing deep in the desert soil, the giant hair scorpion often follows the moisture line. As summer progresses and the moisture level in the soil recedes, the scorpion follows it, creating burrows as deep as 8 feet. Defensive posture when threatened, curling its body and tail high overhead and spreading its pincers. The stinging action is swift and well directed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Predated by elf owls, lizards, and snakes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As babies are born, they crawl up their mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pincers and legs and cling to her back, where they will safely ride until they molt. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flouresce under ultra-violet light - due to complex substance int he epidermis }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - maybe this is how they see it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spiders:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Male pedilap - equipped with a special structure that is used to transfer sperm to the female. This apparatus makes the male palp enlarged; it is often describe as resembling a boxing glove. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spit out a small pellet of crushed exoskeleton after eating.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brown spiders that have taken up residence in clothes that have been left piled on the floor or in a tent overnight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silk is extruded as a liquid and solidifies under tension.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Male spiders reach maturity at an earlier age than females. With the exception of tarantuals, spiders typically mate one time during their lives.  The average spider lives for approximately one year, but some of the larger wolf spiders live about two years; and tarantuals may live two decades. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Females can store sperm up to  year.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Male drums with his palps, and produces sounds through stridulation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strong, spined hind legs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tailles whipscorpion. Reclusive predators of insects. Hunt nocturnally, using long, delicate first pair of legs to find their food. Spined pedipalps impale and crush prey.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sunspider.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vinegaroon. - vinegar}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambush - come within reach and then make a short explosive rush to capture it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grasp prey with massive pdipalp pincers and then shred the trapped animals with their strong, sharp chelicerae, which operate like a pair of knives. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spray assailants with a concentrated solution of acetic acid, active component in vineagr. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Millipede - new segments and pairs of legs are added each time the millipede sheds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Observant hikers in the sonoran desert soon notice grasshoppers jumping near their feet or flitting between bushes and cacti.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Short horned grasshopper vs. Long horned grasshoper.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Long jumping hind legs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The eggs are laide in clutches ranging from just a few to well over a hundred.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Grasshopers hatch during two separate seasons. Thesmaller winter cohort emerges from the egg stage toward the end of the winter rainy sesason.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Males attracting females by taking short flights, flashing their brightly colored wings, snapping them together or both producing a distinct sound. Short flight noises are called cerpitation; sound usually species specific. Also stridulations made by scraping the hind femoraagainst the forewing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 While hiking in the sonoran desert, one is likely to hear short bursts of clicks emanating from a creosotebush. Comes from male desert clicker. Spends much of its life on a single creosotebush claimed as territory.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Many species of grasshoppers eat a single species of plant - creosotebush.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A large, heavy-bodied flightless grasshopper, the plains lubber.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pallid-wing grasshopper, populations living on red soil have predoinantly reddish color, those living on white soil are white, and those on dark soil are dark. These differences can be seen over distances of only a few hundred meters.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soft white bodies with small, dark-colored, hardened head capsules. Soldier termites have enlarged heads with formidable jaws.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soldier caste with tiny mandibles and a tube-like \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91snout\u8217\'92 arising from the center of the forehead. Debilitate their enemies by squirting them with glue to gum up appendages and other moving parts as an  alternative to biting.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Termites play an essential ecological role in the decomposition and recycling of  celluloseand hemicellulose, the abundant chemicals that giv plant stems and other plant parts their rigidity. They are polymers, long chains of sugar molecules joined together by strong chemical bonds. Another chemical, lignin, fills the gaps between the cellulose and hemicellulose molecules and provides additional chemical strengthening. The cellulose complex represents 50 percent of all the products of photosynthesis and is the most abundant organic material in the world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Plant fibers, because of their strength, durability, abundance, andresistance to decomposition, have served humans in countless ways for thousands of years: as fule; building materials ( shelter, ships); tools ( hatchet and hammer handles, rope, baskets; fabrics ( cotton, linen, flax); and a medium for storing our ideas ( papyus, paper). We have used plant fibers for almost everything - except food. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Very vew organisms produce the enzymes required to chemically break down cellulose into the individual sugars that can be used for nutrition. Fungi, single celled protozoans, andbacteria. In the desert, the primary stores of natural cellulose are trees, shrubs, grasses, cactus skeletons, and the dung of animals that eat plant foliage and excrete mostly indegestible fiber. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For termites, they break it down, but real work of breaking chemical bonds is done by microorganisms in the insect\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s guts.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Termites bite off bits of wood, chew them with their mandibles, and thengrind them further with special }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 gizzard-like organs. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The leave the galleries of the colony}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lots of fat in an \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91alate\u8217\'92 termite. The leave the nest to try to find new colony. They make nutritious food for a wide variety of predators. Spadefoots and insectivorous bats, as well as red velvet mites.  Passerine birds.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All colonies take flight at the same time. Usually after rain. Simultaneous flights. Soon after winged termites alight, they shed their wings by breaking them off at lines of weakness, like perforations in paper, near the point of their attachment to the body females may then release a chemical attractant pheremone to call malles. Males attracted to the substance may be accepted or rejected. The pair mates, then settles into a lifetime monogamous relationship and cooperative family rearing.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Termites can be accurately escribed as \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91tiny social cockaroaches\u8217\'92. Close genetic relationship to wood eating cockaroaches.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Human and termites - mutual vulnerability to heat and desiccation.  Neither could survive without sociality. Both live in complex societies. Shared social behaviors enable both humans and termites to constuct complex structuers that protect from extremes of desert climate. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Entemologists reserve the name \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91bug\u8217\'92 for those in the order Hemiptera.  Largest order of insects that undergo incomplete metamorphosis. United by piercing sucking mouthparts. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Unique pair of forewings, which are leathery neartheir base and membranous toward the tips. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Slender, beak-like mouthparts thatarise rom the front of the head and rest in a groove under the head.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cone-nose/kissing bug dont feel the bites because they - release an anaesthetic and an anti-coagulant when they feed. Awaken with large, hard, itchy welts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Defecate when they feed, and that infects the wound.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Giant mesquite bug - pretty.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cicada - musical insects during summer months. Usually first heard during the hot, dry tdays of june. - a loud buzzing emanating from a tree or shrb. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Brown husks of exoskeleton left by nymphs when they emerge as adults.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cochineal bugs feed on cactus. You may have noticed a white, moldy-looking material growing on the prickly pear cacti in your yard. Beneath this fluffy white mass resides the small cochineal bugs.  Females look like tiny grapes. = smoosh to make red dye.  Hairy red grape dessicated. Shriveled. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Body contains a substance called carminic acid. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aphids - plant lice.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beetles - one fifth of all organisms - external skeletons, antennae that detect food, egg-laying sites, temp and humidity. Males especially big antennae to detect pheremones.  Big mandibles. Cut, grind or strain foodstuffs.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thorax is the powerhouse of the beetle body, enclosing an internal battery of muscles that power the legs and wings. Thick, leathery forewings or hard and shell-like, to protect delicate flight wings. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beetles that remain buried in the sand during the day, where temps are lower.pinacate beetles, stand on their heads. This action precedes the release of a foul, oily fluid from defensive glands located at the tip of the abdomen. Successfully repels most predators. Doesnt stop grasshopper mouse. Simply grabs the beetle with its paws, forcing the tip of the absomen into the sand, and rapidly consumes the tastier head nad thorax, stopping just short of the ill-tasting abdominal defensive glands. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beetels avoid predation by mimicry, camouflage, and aposematic (warning) coloration. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Palo verde root borer looks cool. Pg. 298}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Females lay their eggs just below the surface of teh ground on the roots of a variety of native and nonnative trees. The larvae bore through the live roots of the host tree as they consume woody tissue.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 C-shaped grubs crawl on their backs, are commonly seen in compost piles, dung heaps, and other accumulations of decaying plant tissues. Construct hardened pupal cells from bits of soil and their own excrement.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Butterflies - lepidoptera. Wings - thousands of tiny overlapping scales, much like tiles on a roof. Each scale is one color, but collective a butterfly\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s color pattern is produced by a complex mixture of differently colored scales.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most butterflys are sedentary, occuring in failry close proximity to their larval food plants.  Sometimes, butterflys wander. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Egg, caterpillar, chrysalis, adult. - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91complete metamorphosis\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Inside a pupa, undergoes transformation into a butterfly. Complete metamorphosis}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Butterflies are benign aesthetically pleasing faunal members. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Often flutter thteir weings, even while perched or taking water at puddles.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Butterflies rest wings vertically, moths do so horizontally. Moths are hairy and use a silk cocoon.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some caterpillars made poisonous due to what they eat.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gossamer winged butterfly - true jewels of the insect world. Smally - western pygmy-bllue littlemore than 1/2 an inch from wingtip to wingtip. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skippers - named for their rapid- skipping flight. Small, larger bodies. Broader heads, hooked antennae that continue past the clubs rather than ending at them. Resemble oths, hairy. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 `}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moth vs butterfly }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - winged creature of the night.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moths from different families vary widely in the venation, shape, and coloration of their wings; larval and adult feeding habits and behaviors; mating systems, populationstructures, and thermal biology; and sies, ranging from the minute clothes moth, ,with its 1/4 to 3/8inch wingspread to the batsized hawk moths and giant silk moths.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Caterpillas are highly specialized and eat only one or a few plant species. Destruction of wool clothing and sotred grains by moths of the family tineidae. The repeated association of certain moth and butterfly lineages with specific families of host plants represents an ancient arms race.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Complex swuites of plant defenses, chemical (terpenoids, alkaloids, phenolics, cyanide and physical - hairs, spines, tough leaves, oozing resins, and latex. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Humans owe a debt of gratitude to moths and other insects for such biochemical plant wealth, which, quite coincidentally, provides us with a pharmacopoeia of natural drugs, insecticides aflavors, and fragrances.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Caterpillars - detoxification or rapid excretion of plant toxins to avoidance of older, better defendedl eave. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Larvae avoid snipping the veins of tobacco leaves, thusreducing the amounts of nicotine marshaled by the plant in its defense. Some specialized caterpillars co-opt the  toxins from their host plants for their own defenses and advertise their acquired distastefulness with bright, vivid colors.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When caterpillars remain undaunted by chemical or physical deterrents, plants may use extra floral nectaries or other foodstuffs to purchase the services of ants and wasps as caterpillar exterminators. These security guards can be bribed, however, and certain caterpillars do so by offering secretions of sugars or amino acids. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Caterpillars on leaves are vulnerable. The scents of wounded leaves and grass, the by-products of caterpillar foraging, are attractive to the many species of wasps and flies that parasitize caterpillars. Preyed on by birds, wasps, andother visually foraging predators. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To survive, they defend themselves by being distasteful, by covering themselves by stinging spines, or through bluff and deceit. They mimic leaves,twigs, galls, flower buds, bird droppings, and even snakes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Caterpillars that defoliate desert wildflower, crop plants, and garden vegetables eventually become nectar-feeding adult moths that render important pollination services to many of the same plants.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most night-blooming, moth pollinated plants employ alt methods of reproduction. Self-pollination, recruiting other dinural pollinators, or simply waiting for the next flowering season. Moths ar opportunistic, dont just stick to plants the rquire pollination.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Notable exception is yucca flower and the small, white moths that live most their lives with th eplants. Active pollinators, dont just do it as a byproduct of feeding, they intentionally polinate. Do it so that plants have developing seeds in  the stigmatic cavity for the eggs to feed on. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Nursery pollination\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nursery pollination is rare - but there is anotherin the sonoran -  small moth and the senita (pg. 306)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Black witch moth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Movement of thousands of greenandblackstriped hornworms across the desert floor provides one of the most memorable images of the summer monsoon.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bats. Bats eat moths, number one predator. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moths develop sensitive ears to hear the hunting cries of bats and attempt to avoid them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 High speed clicks that poisonous moths let bats know they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re poisonous.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moths mostly communicate via pheremones - most aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t so vibrant cause they\u8217\'92re out at night.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Attraction of moths to light. No better way to gain an appreciation for the diversity of moths than by setting out a strong ultra-violet or mercury-vapor light, hung over a white sheet. D}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some of these nectar drinkers also tipple at flowing sap or rotting fruit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mix old beer, rotting ruit, and molasses and let it brew in a warm, dark place. When the concotion becomes pungent, paint or splash it onto tree trunks along a trail at dusk, then return after dark with a lantern. Large underwing moths, ants, crickets, and millipedes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hawk moth with 4 inch long probiscis. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Plants with bunches of small tubular flowers, such as willowherba nd fairy duster, attract many owlet and inchworm moths. Spend up to 20 minutes perched on a single inflorescence, drinking leisurely from each flower. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Night blooming, fragant plants.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the southwest, as in most places, chances are good that if you find an unfamiliar caterpillar, it will grow up to be a moth. This is especially true for caterpillars that mine (eat tunnels) within leaves, bear stinging spines, and spin plush silken cocoons. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Can be raised in jars, terraria, or even plastic bags, as long as food is removed regularly. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bees}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nest in abandoned tunnels in dead trees and limbs from emerging beetles.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Carpenter bee is bad ass.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wasps comprise an enormous and diverse assemblage of insects ranging from the smallest known insects - tiny parasites of insect eggs - to immense cicada killers and tarantual hawks.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most wasps are predators, but some are vegetarians .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Paper wasps- build paper honeycomb nests.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tarantula hawk - hunt for tarantulas.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Drawing on pg. 318}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ants pg 320}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The period of colony founding, whenthe new queens mst fly, mate, locate a good nest site, and avoid predators, is when most colonies fil and die. Only a few will survive. - potential for new story.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Army ants, raid the nests of other desert ants and beetles, crickets other insects. They are nomadic, no permanent quarters, move from place to place, once they deplete prey in one location.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Latticework of spines}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Carve off a piece of the tough outer skin of a decaying saguaro and you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll find the innards teeming with life. Move the whole saguaro and spiders and other rathropods race from beneath.  1 cubic foot had 413 individual arthropods ; adult and larval beetles, larval flies, pseudoscorpioins, and mites.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Draws predators too. Red beetles, easy to spot these hungry terrors of the insect world as they stalk their prey through the saguro rot. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some rivers are spring fed and flow only a short distance before sinking into the earth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mayflies, midges, etc.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At any one time there are flying adults, an \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91air force\u8217\'92 ready to repopulate the desert aquatic environment when the stream waters return.summer drought may dry most of the stream, but pockets of aquatic habitat remaining in canyons or springs support residual populations that emerge when waters return. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The abundant light in most desert streams suports the growth of algae, microalgae, bacteria and fungi. Wheich feed \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91graxer-scrapers\u8217\'92. Riparian plants drop leaves and other debris, which sustain \u8216\'91shredders\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Riffles}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  are created when water flows rapidly over shallow rocks, causing turbulence and roiling the surface. In riffles, insects must be able to hold on. Mayfly nymphs are long and streamlined for lessened resistance to the force of moving water as they cling to rocks, plants, or other substrates. Feed on diatoms and fine organic material.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Larvae of the hydropsychidae caddisflies use silk to construct tent-like nets in fast water. The net is open upstream to capture food particls while the insect stays hidden.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tinajas - pools formed in bedrock where water or other erosive forces have carved out depressions that fill when it rains.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tinajas can hold impressively diverse biotic communities with the types of roganisms determined by the depth and duration of the ools, chemical composition of the water, and proximity to other aquatic habitats. Ooplankton - feed on suspended microalgae and organic material. Most are crustacea and are quite small, such as water fleas. Cyclopoida. Swim injerky motions in search of suspended particles, which they sweep into their mouths with speciallied mouthparts bearing hairs as natural sieves. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fairy shrip, looks like an opaque inch-long shrimp swimming on its back using a row of many legs modified as paddling structures. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Adult insects that fly in from mmore permanent waters. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Currents carry a soup of drifting organisms from fast water into slower areas where they are vulnerable to a remarkable abundance of predatory insects. Some niteresting ones are in teh order hemiptera. Water scorpion perches like a praying mantis on aquatic plants or other debri. Extends a siphon from the tip of its abdomen to breath air from the surface. To-biters often sit among the stream-edge plants. Swim along the bottom, frey on snails.  Dragonflys and damselflys.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some dragonfly nymphs dart through the water out of their rectums - like jet propulsion. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some gomphids hide just under the sand, waiting for vibrations otindicate that prey is coming by. Quiver your hand over clean, shallow sand and watch for movement of this hidden insect.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Surface film}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Neuston is the collective term for organisms that live at the water surface. Water striders  prey on terrestrial insects that fall on the water surface.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beetles of the whirligig family have a split view of their neustonic world: the upper portion of their eyes seeks prey floating on the surface, while the lower pair seaches for prey below. Often spin madly at the surface in groups.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Midge and mayflies swimming up to the surface and burst out of their pupal or larval skins, rest for a moment, then fly off to be adults.  This is the hatch that fly fishers try to mimic. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Stream margins}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  - littoral one}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flattened bugs, almost disk shaped. Crawl on sand and gravel in shallow water. Muscular front legs. Hodld prey. Toad bug - mottled and squat with bug-eyes. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This is the zone where many insects leave the water and hatch as adults. During warm months, caddisflies, having gone through their pupal stages under rocks, come to the edge to break open their skins, crawl out, and dry off their wings. Orang mites come from nowhere to climb onto an emergin caddisfly and }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 hitch a ride - means of dispersal. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spent skins of bugs that can seen streamside from spring through fall. The eggs of baetids are often observed on the undersidesof stones. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Midstream}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flocks of black-bellied whistling ducks often feed on waste grain in harvested fields, as well as seeds in grasslands and overgrwon pastures; insects and other invertebrates make up a small part of their diet.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quail - plump birds, poor fliers, spend almost all their time on the ground. Make themselves unobtrusive to avoid drawing notice. Terrestrial birds with short round wings, stout legs with 4 toes. Short conical bills. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Grebes are swimmers that are more graceful underwater than in the air. Heron standing at the water\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s edge to spear or sieze fish, frogs and other aquatic creatures. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Short, blunt bill, encircled with a blackband. Feet set far back on its baody, which makes travel on land awkward but ideal for underwater swimming. Seldom seen flying.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It has an interesting behavior when nervous: it expels air fom its lungs and feathers, which causes it to slowly sink in the water; it then swims with only its head breaking the water surface.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vultures are perfectly adapted for living on carrion. They may have to wait for a few days between meals, so the expend little energy soaring for hours with scarcely a flap of their broad wings. Keen eyesight, well developed sense of smell. Naked heads for tearing into carrion. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rails. Inhabit marshes. Dense marshes and are seldom seen as they slip among the cattails and other aquatic plants. Coots are relatives that act like ducks, swimming and diving freely on open water. Gallinules behave like either, . Distinctive voice, rails call mostly at night, in keeping with theeir secretive nature.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When swimming, pump their heads back and forth aas they go. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rails have narrow bodies for running through marsh vegetation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thin as a rail is about the bird ,not barriers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shorebirds do most foraging along the water\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s edge, probing in soft mud or picking at the surface in search of tiny invertebrates.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Members of the plover family have distinctively short bils and short necks, when foraging they often run a few steps and then pause, and then run a few more, stopping now and then to pick up something from the ground. Although many .}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Adults defend eggs or chicks with a repertoire of distraction displays. All three birds are good runners and strong fliers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Small towns, ranch houses, towns.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Doves fast fliers and noisy, as they clap their wings together when the ystart into flight. Nests are flimsy, careless arrangements.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Loud, rasping screech.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bats are lunarphobic.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nests made of their own saliva, which hardens to a substance resembling shellac (nests separate into gelatinous shreds when soaked or cooked, source of bird\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s nest soup)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 On cold nights, when the costs of keeping warm are especially hihg, it may be too risky for a humming bird to even keeps its engine idling. At such times, a hummingbird bristles its feathers to let its body heat escape, and its temperature quickly approaches that of its surroundings. Its heart reate drops dramitcally and it may stop breathing for minutes at a time.  It appears lifeless, clinging motionlessly to its branch with its head drawn close to its body and its bill pointing sharply upward. At daybreak it revs its metabolic engines and warms itself again. Temporary ibernation is called torpor.  Becoming torpid conserves water.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When hunting they use rapid wingbeats and hover in one spot before plunging to catch their prey.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flycatchers - dawn songs - wide flat bills with bristles.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Male ravens tumbling in the sky, swooping, soaring to impress females, its not even a metaphor. The same spark impulse.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hardy and adaptable, they are active on the hottest days and the coldest winter mornings. Most common in thick mesquite bosques, they also range out onto open flats, where plant life is sparse. Insects and nectar. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Loud, rapid whistling.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Active and inquisitive little brown birds, wrens spend their days snooping about ,pering into shadows, and prying with their thin bills, seeking the insects on which they feed. If often hard to see, they are easy to hear. Male wrens are inveterate singers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flit to the top of an exposed stub to sing his muscal trills. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Play hide and seek among the boulders, bouncing from one rock to the next and probing deep into crevices for spiders and lurking insects. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A riplling descending cascade ofloud clear whistles, fitting music.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Diminutive birds that hop and flit among the foliage, flippig theii rlong tails about as they seek tiny insects. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Open cup nest.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The members of the family mimidae - the mockingbirds, catbirds, and thrashes - are songbirds truly worthy of the name. Some of them, especially the mockingbirds, borrow phrases from other birds - or from other sounds in their surroundings - but hey work them into imporvisations that are rich and musical, or at least interesting.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Although a couple of species are common in eastern gardens, and various types of mockingbirds occur throught the americas, the family reaches ts greatest development in the arid southwest. There are some places where 5 diff species can bef ound in the same patch of desert. Difference in the shapes of their bills reveal different feeding habits, allowing coexistence. For example, the crissal thrasher, thrashing the soil with its big sickshaped bill, acan root out insects that are unavailable for the short-billed bendire\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s thrasher.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Whit-wheeting from prominent perches.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Often heard singing on moonlit nights.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Yellow eyes and a melodious warble that continues at length with some repititon.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Northern mockingbird forages by walking or running on the groundo or flying dwon to the ground from a perch often opening and closing its wings, a behaviour that causes insects to take flight.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mistletoe is a parasitic plant, growing on the branches of trees, it is planted there by the actions of birds. When birds eat its berries, the seeds often pass unharmed through their digestive systems; if the birds dropping happen to land on a suitable branch, the seeds may stick long enough to germinate. The phainopepla, by specializing on the berries of desert mistletoe, is unwittingly planting its own future food supply. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Warblers, butterflies of the bird world, flit through the foliage, from treetop to understory, in search of small insects. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Over 1200 bat species account for about one-fiffth of the world\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mammal fauna! Global bat diversity is due in large part to the length of time bats  have been on earth. Bats were flying through the night skies over 50 million years ago. Fossil bats are very similar to those that exist today. Early bats lived at a time when the predecessors of the horse was small, three-toed, fox-like animals trotting around in eocene swamps.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Species range in size from giants with 6-foot wingspans to lilliputians that weigh less than a penny. Some bats are jet black and some are snow white; others have pelts from yellow, orange, and red through blue-gray. Almost every mammalian feeding strategy. Some are herbivores that visit planst and survive on flower nectar or fruit, and some even feed on leaves. Insectivorous bats hunt flying insects or pluck stationary insects off the ground or foliage. Some bates are ture carnivores that catch lizards, frogs, small rodents, birds, and even other bats. Adaptations that allow the to fish for small minnows and aquatic invertebrates. Only three species are true vampires, surviving on the blood of other animals.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bats are not the dirty disease carriers they are made out to be, nor are they blind or likely to get tangled in one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hair. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 White-nose syndrome (WNS) is a disease that affects hibernating bats and is caused by a fungus, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Pseudogymnoascus destructans}{\f0\fs24\b0 , or }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Pd }{\f0\fs24\b0 for short. Sometimes }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Pd}{\f0\fs24\b0  looks like a white fuzz on bats\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 faces, which is how the disease got its name. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Pd}{\f0\fs24\b0  grows in cold, dark and damp places. It attacks the bare skin of bats while they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re hibernating in a relatively inactive state. As it grows, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Pd}{\f0\fs24\b0  causes changes in bats that make them become active more than usual and burn up fat they need to survive the winter. Bats with white-nose syndrome may do strange things like fly outside in the daytime in the winter. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Flaps and folds of flesh around the mouth, often set off by large, obvious hairs or wihiskers.  It is suspected that these oral structures help focus their echolocation calls or perhaps funnel insects into their mouths. Long, narrow wings and are fast flyers ,typically hawking insects, near pond surfaces. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In some species the wings are joined together at the dorsal surface of their backs, along the spine, increased surface area of the wing membranes and, thus, help the bat dissipate heat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Hibernation allows bats to survive long winters when insect prey is not available.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When a bat hibernates, its body temperature drops to that of its surroundings and its metabolism slows to a mere fraction of its active rate. Big brown bats hibernate at or just below freezing. By lowering their body temperatures to such an extreme, these bats burn stored fat reserves very slowly. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Gaff them from the water surface with its huge clawed feet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Some moths use toracic ears or vibration sensitive palps to listen for the ultrasonic calls of bats, and they take evasive action by flying about erratically or diving into shrubbery.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Research on the common brazilian free tailed bat, indicates that it is an important predator of costly crop pests. In central texas, free-tailed bats consume large quantities of migratory moths whose larvae attack cotton and corn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Coyote}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Native amarican myths - trickster or wise one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Gray fox - the only canid that regularly combs trees. It hunts and sometimes sleeps in trees. Napping in the arms of a saguro.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 An animal den}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Leaf-like folds and flaps on their face, forming megaphones that likely amplify and direct their echolocation calls. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ghost-faced bats are insane.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Guano is mined as nitrogen-rich fertilizer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Not all bats use caves. Some trees, roosting in natural hollows and cavities or holes excavated by other animals. Exposed cliff and rock crevices.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Bats are facing a housing shortage; pg. 403}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Leaf-nosed bates have a triangular fleshy growth of skin, called a noseleaf, protruding above the nose. All three leaf-nosed bats of the sonoran desert weigh between 0.4 and 0.7 ounces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The nectarivorous bats have long, slender snouts and long, extensible tongues with brush-like tips for lapping nectar. Flowers for bats are frequently bowl-shaped and sturdy, are usually at the top of the plants or far out on limbs, so that bats can easily get to them wit hout become tangled in thorny vegetation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Little whispering signals that can be heard no more than 3 ft away. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The ears of euderma and corynorhinus are rolled up around the head when the bat is a t rest and then inflated with blood when the bat is active. }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mustelid}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Weasel family - badgers skunks, otters, ferrets and weasels.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Plantigrade hind feet, giving them a distinctive waddling and shuffling gait.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The badger is renowned for its power, tenacity and irascible temperament. A badger once attacked a tractor that rano ver its den entrance.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its eyes are equipped with nictitating membranes (transparent third eyelids) which protect the eyes from flying dirt while the  badger is digging. Small well-furred ears also help.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skunks are rather phlegmatic animals. They seem to be aware that they have a daunting weapon for almost any situation, and they show great forbearance. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skunks find their own odor offensive; a skunk is reluctant to spray if restricted from getting its tail out of the way. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Badgers are avid diggers, they sniff out rodents or other prey and excavate them from their burrows faster than the little creatures can dig to escape. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Their dens don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t smell like skunk spray, but they do have a distinctive, strong, musky odor. Although they don\u8217\'92t hibernate, skunks gain extra weight in the fall, which tides them over the lean times during the winter. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No other animal evokes the maesty and awe of wild north america as much as does the mountain lion. The lion is shy and elusive, but we find their tracks, scats, and the remains of kills they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve made.  Most people will never see a mountain lion in the wild, however, because it is a master of camouflage; it can fvanish behind a bush or rock or scrap of shadow.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the sonoran desert, lions spend their days resting in thick, brushy canyons, rocky outcrops, mine shafts, or any secluded place that provides sufficient cover.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its an efficient predator. It often slams into the prey animal with such force that the prey is knocked off its feet. A bit to the back of the neck or to its throat ends things quickly. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After feeding, the cat scrapes up leaf litter or debris to cover and hide the kill, then returns each day to feed until the prey is consumed. A single adult lion without kittens usually needs to make a kill every 6 to 10 days.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hooves are specialized claws or toenails. Adaptations for running to escape predators.  Living in a group is a bonus since there are many sets of eyes watching for predators.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ruminatns, even-toed, cud-chewing animals.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Javelina chew as they walk so bits and pieces fall from their mouths, sometimes leaving a short trail.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Near the rear of a javelina\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s back, usually hidden beneath the bristly hairs, is a small organ producing an oily liquid with a strong and unmistakable odor. This musky perfume helps maintain social life.  From time to time, pairs of animals stand nose to tail and rub their heads across each other\u8217\'92s scent glands. As a result of this frequent contact, every javelina herd develops its own distinctive group scent. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rabbit - compensate for for heavy predation by reproducing at a prodigious rate. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Altricial}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Twigs nipped off by jacks have clean, slanted cuts, while ends bitten by cottontails may have a neat cut or a rougher, nibbled appearance.  Twings browsed by deeer look pinched off. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mothers stay away from the nest so as not to alert predators, returning only once or twice each night to nurse the babies. In two weeks the little rabbits leave the nest.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rabbits live about two years, if they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re lucky.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When a jack suspects a predator is nearby it often stands on hind legs to get a better view, then crouches down and freezes. If the predator gets too close, the jack springs up, leaping away in 15-foot bounds. After a few leaps the jack jumps even higher as it sails over bushes and other obstacles and tries to spot the predator. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fossorial - dig burrows for shelter}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It holds its arced tail over its back, shadowoing itself as it forages. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When a rock squirrel encounters a snake, it stamps its feet and tries to push sand or dirt into the snake\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face with its  front paws.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A gohpers fur can lie in either direction, allowing for streamlined backward travel. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kangaroo rats are mainly bipedal; their short forelegs usually touch the ground only when they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re foraging. The long tail is used as a counterbalance while hopping, especially during sharp turns.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This mighty river\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s watershed drains more than 246,000 square miles of land in the west. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 While these channels are largely unchanged as they pass through deep headwater canyons, when they reach more gentel terrain and flow through broad valleys these streams typically have been altered dramtically by human activities. Many streams have dried, and their associated riparian areas hav disappeared because of irrigation diversion and channelization.  Few remaining streams still support large populations of native fish. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fingerlings - fish about as long as a finger.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Adult spadefoots burrow into moist soil to avoid heat and desiccation, and emerge to feed and breed only on rainy nights. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spadefoots emerge from their suberranean estivation to breed in temporary ponds created by the runoff from summer storms. Interestingly, the cue for emergence is not moisture; it is low-frequency sound or vibration of rainfall or thunder.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Toxic - violent sneezing and discharge from the eyes and nostrils from the prolongued handling of this animal. Broken skin stings on contact.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spadefoots burrow into the moist soil by moving their hind feet in a circular motion, essentially drilling themselves down. They appear to sink down into the earth; the soil closes on top of them so there is no open burrow.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sighting of the toad means rains are coming soon. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Idea of mandrameen killing the ayramun\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s toad.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eyelids edged in white. Belly somewhat translucent.  Males have prominent spurs on both sides of the body at the base of the tail.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fat tail serfves as more than a way to escape predation. It stores fat, which can be broken down into water and carbs during lean times. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most sonoran desert lizards use a variety of behaviours in a purely social context. Displays to establish dominance or territory or to aid in courtshop. Head bobs. Open bouthed cape and vertical extension of the body and throat of collared lizards. Four-legged push ups and brightly colored dewlap of tree lizards. Subtle shudders of the body. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Studded skin - beaded look of the dorsal scales, small bones within the skin. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Venom is produced in teh salivary glands in the lower jaw and expressed along grooved teeth as the lizard bites. Intense and immediate pain. Before biting, the lizard will hiss, gape, and back away from its would-be attacker if . Once it bites, it generally holds ona nd chews the venom into the aggressor.  Rarely fatal, but may cause pain, edema, bleeding, nausea, vomiting, and accelerated heart rate.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91The gila monster is venomous because it lacks an anus and \u8216\'91all that stuff went bad in there\u8217\'92; \u8216\'91if it bites you, it has to turn upside down to get the venom in you\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tan or brown reticulated pattern on teh back and sides. Keeled scales runs down teh center of the back. Rows of brwon spots on the tail, which is as long as the body from snout to vent. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eats insects, carrion, and fecal pellets of its own species. Pellets aid the digestion of plant cellulose by establishing the proper gut flora. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Large heat with prominent jaw muscles. In breeding season, spots and bars of bright red or orange appear on the sides of the female\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s body.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Running swiftly on their hind legs, the body held of fthe ground at a 45-degree angle, with tail and forelimbs raised. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Metachromatism, color change as a fuction of temperature. Coolor, colors are darker, than when temps are high. For obvious reasons.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Colored throats. Throat folds.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Arboreal lizard, in alder and cottonwood.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Squat, flat, toad-like bodies and thorn-like proections at the rear of their heads. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rattlesnake venom is one of the most complex substance known (toxic saliva) a misxture of enzymes unique to pit vipers that destroys blood and tissue and paralyzes nerves. Rattlesnake fangs are movable hypodermic syringes. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dual visual systems. In addition to their eyes, they ahave sensory organs in their faces that allow them  to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91see\u8217\'92 infrared images. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nocturnal only during summer months.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Look under before picking up or stepping on or around.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dont lift objects by placing your hand under them. Use a tool to lift ojbects, don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t use your hand. Lift the far side of the object; lifting hte near side may place your feet in striking range.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Termites employ a lot of people in this state.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}