{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76976/pg76976-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76976/pg76976-images.html}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The first separate male appears at about the stage of the barnacle in the scale of animal life. The female barnacle, a shellfish attached permanently to a rock, pier, or the hull of a ship, gives birth to from two to seven little male consorts, or husbands, whom she keeps in little openings in her shell, like pockets. From among these pocket-husbands she picks out the one she pleases to mate with her; usually selecting the largest (for all are much smaller than herself), and, where sizes are equal, the one that she feels drawn to emotionally. From this emotion gradually emerges the esthetic sense, or sense of the beautiful. Thus the first male did not have to do any wooing: he was picked, like the apple that one day made Eden vanish away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As we rise higher in the scale of animal life, say among the spiders and insects like the grotesquely horrible praying mantis, the male}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 6]\~has to woo: and a bloody and savage mate he must go after! The female, still larger than her male, sits back and waits for the audacious mate to approach. He feels one impelling biological purpose: to mate with her, and make sure that offspring will come. Nature has implanted this overpowering instinct in him. In the female, are two appetites; a fainter desire to mate, and ordinary hunger. Her male must satisfy both, in his wooing. As he approaches her, the Theda Bara among insects grasps the male and eats, first his head, then a leg or two, and a part of his body. When the edge has been taken off her appetite, she rests. At this time what is left of the male completes the mating. When her hunger returns again, the female finishes her devouring of the male.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The male bee, who outflies the other males in the lofty nuptial flight of the queen bee, mates with her in thin high air far above the earth; and dies at the moment of mating, his husk of a body falling, like Lucifer out of heaven, to the earth far below. There are other cases where mating spells death for the male: but Nature is kinder in most matings, and the male\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 s}{\f0\fs24\b0 urvives}{\f0\fs24\b0 . When we reach the birds and the mammals, the wooing is a gorgeous thing. For the male bird or beast, as a slow result of female selection based upon her esthetic or beauty-loving sense, has developed into a far more gorgeous creature than his mate. The bright glitter of the peacock, the gorgeous flame of the male tanager and cardinal bird, the glow of gay tropical bird}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 7]\~males, the lion\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mane, the rooster\u8217\'92s comb and feather display, the stag\u8217\'92s branching antlers, the humble billygoat\u8217\'92s beard, the man\u8217\'92s beard, all have developed to stimulate the jaded eye of the female. The mating songs, from the bird carols to the whooping crane\u8217\'92s strange howls, with bill opened to the sky, neck stiff as a ramrod, and wings pumping out the weird noises, and from the tomcat\u8217\'92s caterwauling to the corner quartette\u8217\'92s strange agonies over \u8220\'93Sweet Adeline\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all have developed to stimulate the bored ear of the female. At mating time, the male is often a ridiculous sight, with his stiff formal dances and prancings before the female, even among the animals. He must woo: that is what he was made for. The female was not made primarily to woo: her task is to live, and to transmit life to the generations after her. The male, originally, was merely an incident in her life.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lord Bacon, that prosy old cynic whom misguided persons have sought to identify as the author of the plays attributed to Shakespeare, says in his Essays: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A wife and children are impediments to great enterprises, either of virtue or mischief.\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 9]\~There is the smoke of truth here, but it points to a fire very different from the one the sardonic old politician intended. Great enterprises gain much of their impetus, from the male\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desire to stand well in the female\u8217\'92s eyes. Another angle on the matter might be worded, that the energy which is implanted in man for wooing purposes may be deflected into enterprises, such as piratical and military careers, adventure trips and explorations. But more often than not, the spur that sends the man into building a house, or tilling a field, into slicing mountains apart to wed great oceans, discovering a pole or a hidden hinterland civilization, into achievement of any distinguished kind, is the desire to gain merit in the eyes of some specific woman, or of women in general. A great thinker has said that civilization is a sublimation, or expression in another form, of the primitive love desire. A man, because of his short height, or some physical diseases or disability, is rebuffed in youth by a woman: to provide against a repetition of the rebuff, he becomes a financial figure in Wall Street, or a conqueror of the world; or, at least, he tries to achieve this. Thus the spur of feminine approval is what goads the horse, man, to enterprises of virtue and mischief.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Again, the fact of acquiring a wife and children, if the man is well mated, acts as his chief spur to steady achievement in whatever is his role in human life. The unmated man is a wild, reckless creature, taking any kind of absurd risk, sinking a year\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s earnings in one night\u8217\'92s play at the gambling table, going on roaring drinking parties, regarding women as his prey rather than as possible companions. The well-mated man is a social unit, or a part of one, at least. The wanderlust is drained away in the humbler yet loftier task of building his own world toward his dreams, rather than skylarking over the world in the vain hope that somewhere he will find the world of his dreams already built for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There are dangers in mating, grave dangers: the divorce records of the country indicate many of them. The chief one is where}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 11]\~the man, at an early age, contracts a marriage with a woman who is a fit mate for him then, but lacks the capacity for growth along with him. This applies in many cases where the man makes a success thereafter in any line. When he was a ten-dollar-a-week man, he married a ten-dollar-a-week woman; when he became a ten thousand dollar a year man, the woman remained a ten-dollar-a-week woman, and became a distinct and draining load upon his back, and a deterrent to his continued success and happiness. Boswell, Johnson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s biographer, may have had this type in mind when he wrote:}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Whilst courting, and in honeymoon,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With Kate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s allurements smitten,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I loved her late, I loved her soon,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And called her dearest kitten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But now my kitten\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grown a cat,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And cross, like other wives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Alas! alas! my honest Matt,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I fear she has nine lives.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lastly, a man or woman is incomplete without courtship and mating. Those who say that a man or woman can become a perfected, rounded human being without human love, are deceivers, spreading a mental poison. The man or woman who goes too long without the practice of love contracts a case of ingrowing love, as painful and morbid as an ingrowing toenail. All the immense love energy stagnates and fouls into a diseased nature, hateful, spiteful, gossipy, perverted and warped from real humanness. There can be no ultimate reason against mating. The task is to woo well and mate wisely.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The former conception was that the man was supposed to be the intellectual one, by training, and by contact with the broadening influences of his work, and of the world of men; and that the woman should be an intellectual weakling, tending toward imbecility. In the Oriental world, with its harems and harem favorites, this is at times the situation achieved. Such a method deprives love and mating of its chief glory: the intellectual companionship of congenial spirits.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The first thing to emphasize is that you are wooing the girl, and not her father, her mother, her aunts, or her family in general. Since the objects of the wooing are (1) to learn whether the girl is congenial, and (2) to persuade her that you are congenial, and should be accepted, you will find that the second object is achieved best by making yourself attractive to her. In cases where she cares for the opinion of her mother, or father, or family, it is the part of wisdom to court, within reason, the family as well. But the main thing is to woo the girl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The girl must be willing to be wooed, sooner or later, or you had best cease your efforts. In normal cases, she will not object from the start. If she objects, because she is interested in someone else, or thinks she does not care to be made love to or to marry, or because she thinks there is some personal reason why you are distasteful, your first task is to continue courteously in your suit, until you test out whether or not you can remove this preliminary bar. If she is interested in some one else, this becomes the old conflict between males for the female\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s favor: and you will use the methods indicated hereafter. If she professes to be entirely uninterested in love and mating, unless she is abnormal fundamentally this is easy to overcome. Lay aside your obvious wooing, interest yourself in whatever she is interested in, and}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 26]\~qualify as a friend and companion in her own interests. She will soon, if she is normal, recognize the great value of your companionship, and from this love should speedily grow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Notice the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s difficult task: to look at himself with the girl\u8217\'92s eyes, and furnish her with an increasingly attractive picture of himself. Some genius uttered the brilliant half truth that love is blind. Luckily for all of us, this is largely true. But a girl\u8217\'92s parents and relatives, friends, and rival suitors, will obligingly lend their eyes as glasses to her: and the man may expect to find what faults he has magnified almost out of recognition. What, then, from the girls\u8217\'92 standpoint, will she look for in the man?}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 set about the task of wooing with intention. With thought. With desire. Others do it without thinking at, tugged along by passions, and so winning the heart is as mysterious as art.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 : the parlor lizard type, the afternoon tea snake specimen, the namby-pamby woman-pleaser who never makes a success of anything in life except wooing women. There is a thrill, beyond doubt, in being wooed and kissed by such a man: there is much unhappiness in a continuing relationship with him.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 You will want, and she will expect, some physical love from the start. Among different strata of society, customs as to kissing and caressing differ. Never give the girl less than she expects. After you have found out that she likes to be kissed, you will disappoint her permanently if you give her the sort of kiss you would give dear old Aunt Tabbie, aged ninety-eight in the shade. Yet remember to think of her wishes primarily: don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give her the sort of kisses you want first, but the kind that she wants. Your artistry will come in subtly leading her to want things that you want. And, once a woman is generally satisfied with a wooer, and wants his approval, she moves swiftly to the place where she wants to}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 32]\~please her lover in every way. Then the desires coincide: and the man can read his own wishes, and know them for the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as well.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 As for quarrels, the more experienced wooer will have few or none of them. Beginners in love will insensibly drift into them. Now quarrels have no place in most real loves: they are a sign of some concealed dislike or aversion, which may take a more virulent and costly form after the wooing has been made irrevocable, or comparatively so, by marriage. If the quarrel can be easily patched up, well and good; but if quarrels constantly come, it is a bad omen. The only exception is where both man and girl enjoy a quarrel more than peace, and mate in order to have a mate to quarrel with for life. This is abnormal; and, if you are a normal man or girl, understand that quarrels, especially if they are usually over trifles, are a good warning to break off the courtship and look elsewhere.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ancy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 lirtations}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 .}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Most textbooks on wooing and courtship devote their space\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 a}{\f0\fs24\b0 llotted}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wooing to such absurd devices as flirtation by parasol, fan, glove, handkerchief, dining table signals, window flirtation, and flower flirtation. The number of people who read such silly books is limited; the number among these who remember what they have read is far smaller; and perhaps no men are included in the latter number. Thus no man will understand what your signals mean. A few of the choice instructions given are as follows:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Parasol Flirtations}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Carrying it elevated in left hand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Desiring acquaintance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Carrying it closed in left hand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Meet on the first crossing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Carrying it closed in right hand by the side\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Follow me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Closing it up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I want to speak to you, love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Swinging to and fro on the handle, on right side\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I am married.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With handle to lips\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Kiss me.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The trouble is, all women must carry their parasols somehow, and in more than nine cases out of ten, they have no faintest dream of these so-called signals. If you ignore them, and they are intended, you insult the lady; if you act on them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as, for instance, stepping up and kissing a stranger who has nervously brought the handle of her parasol to her lips\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you are liable to be fined $750 in Pennsylvania, $2,500 in New}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 38]\~York State, and the vast sum of $1.15 in New Jersey. This whole procedure is a bit too dumb even for Rotary Club members and old maid school teachers, the two classes who seem to know least about life.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Or take the elaborate language of flowers. If a man sends a girl white roses, quite a possible gift if they are the most attractive things in the florist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shop, his message, also is, \u8220\'93I am too young to marry yet\u8221\'94! If he presents her with tansy, one of the loveliest of the daisy family, his message is \u8220\'93I declare war against}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 39]\~you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 The books omit a few of the more useful flowers and vegetables, so we add them here as a supplement, urging that they be tried out at least. Send your girl one of the following (or send it to your man), with the meaning indicated:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Chrysanthemum}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I prefer Norma Talmadge to kissing at Coney Island.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Cauliflower}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 My sister is married to a retired butcher with a cork leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Onion}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 You will weep if you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t marry me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Japanese Persimmon}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Kiss me, my lips are ripe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Apple}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be your Eve, if you care, Adam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Wild Leek}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Please \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92phone the plumber for mother.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In either case, the progress of the wooing will soon teach the man whether the girl has any conception of happy mating, or is only a parasite who wants to be decked in fine feathers and princessed through life, with the man paying the bills.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When a girl comes to judge a man, her task is harder. The man who is liked by other men is, in most cases, to be preferred to the man}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 40]\~who is despised by men, and adored by vapid women. There is a class of women who are mere men-hunters, ranging from the out-and-out gold-digger, who sells her charms as shrewdly as she can for outright gifts amounting to support\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and who may remain, in the eyes of society, a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93good girl\u8221\'94 in spite of it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to the girl who protests vehemently that she despises the gold-digger, yet spends all her energies in securing men to take her to dinner and the theater, and to give her gifts sufficient for her support, or at least sufficient to give her the luxuries she would not otherwise get. These parasitic or sponging women are to be avoided, except by the man who wants them frankly, being willing to pay the price for the temporary stimulus of their company.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When she had made the same response to all}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 45]\~efforts on his part to interest her in matters which men regard as almost too mild for a laugh, and which other girls of his acquaintance were highly amused at, he came to the wise conclusion that this was not the girl for him. He had no intention of being saddled for life with a girl whose attitude was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How revolting!\u8221\'94 He ceased to pay attentions to her, and soon found a much more admirable girl, with whom he is at present happily married. The \u8220\'93How revolting!\u8221\'94 girl still thinks that her conduct was right; that the man has lowered himself; and will continue to delude herself so until she wastes into a vinegary old-maidhood.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If a girl has had a normal rearing, she will not make the mistake of thinking that the Puritans were right: that bodies end at the neck and at the shoe-tops, with nothing between, and that ordinary human matters, especially those touching the tabooed facts of life, are never to be mentioned intimately between men and women. No matter what the taboo before mating, after mating the happy lovers speak with utter frankness to each other. A certain amount of coarseness, in its place, is a splendid release for energy that would otherwise fester and warp, and lead the lovers to seek satisfaction outside of the mating relationship. And, since this will come after mating in well-mated couples, even before the mating an increasing frankness will mark the intercourse of an intelligent young man and young woman.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 reluctantly admit the stomach, as seat of the spark, to be real. But fail to how close it sits to the pelvic girdle. It is by mere speed of , that the first the hunger, then the lust, and then the intelligent motions. How, that Solraheen should have put the Spark a little closer to the head.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 roistering gallant}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }