{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I only have a note on the character voice consistency:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Abner and Xavier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voices blended together at points. They both make heavy use \u8220\'93,man\u8221\'94 at the very start. It has a blurring effect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 >}{\f0\fs24\b0 H}{\f0\fs24\b0 ey. Look at me a second. You okay? Your breathing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s real shallow, man.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>}{\f0\fs24\b0 M}{\f0\fs24\b0 y head just feels kinda loud tonight. I don't think I'm doing too good, man.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Also, with these first lines, it sets up Xavier as being despondent, and very inward focused, maybe disassociating, but his demeanor soon after works against that, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about as invested in the conversation as Abner. Like I was expecting part of the conflict to be Abner trying to draw Xavier into the conversation, but that g}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Then, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a bit of echoing that happens, and that does not do much to separate the voices. It makes them feel like they\u8217\'92re of the same mind, as the pattern of speech is the same. I know conversations can flow like that, but it might not fit with how these two will be talking past each other. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Your life is all messed up.}
\par\plain {>My life is not messed up, Xavier. }
\par\plain {>But you still went to jail.}
\par\plain {>But then I got out.}
\par\plain {>After doing eight years. }
\par\plain {>Of an original fifteen. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Another example of similarity:}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>Yes there is. I remember Chaplain Miller used to tell us on the tier\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he said the pain of staying the same person eventually hurts worse than the pain of changing. If you don't move forward, the walls just keep closing in.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>No. If you move, you draw attention. You stay still so it doesn't get any worse. In a situation like that, you shouldn't even try. You just sit quiet and let it happen. Fighting it just makes the pain louder. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Both statements begin with simple \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 and then go on to express a grand sentiment through use of the second person \u8216\'91you\u8217\'92. The construction of Abner\u8217\'92s statement feels right to me, but maybe have Xavier focus on what \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92 feel and think, and what happens to \u8216\'91me\u8217\'92 (if indeed he\u8217\'92s playing the victim, and his world spiraling around him), or perhaps a more conspiratorial and absolute \u8216\'91everyone\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The basic conflict here is interesting. Ex-con pastor, with good intentions, is trying to help someone who he is woefully unprepared to help. It reminds me a bit of that car conversation in True Detective where a depressed Rust Cohle goes all in on \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can smell the psychosphere\u8221\'94 and his more down to earth partner, who is trying to pull him out of that depression is like \u8216\'91wtf, shut up\u8217\'92. Anyways, its a dynamic I enjoy and you\u8217\'92ve done well to set that stage, only I\u8217\'92m a little confused as to exactly what is up with Xavier. I\u8217\'92m assuming he\u8217\'92s schizophrenic? I don\u8217\'92t have experience with these things. As for Abner, I\u8217\'92m confused as to why he reacts so intensely to Xavier saying, \u8220\'93I see a sign\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Towards the end, Xavier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s use of \u8216\'91outposts\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91sector\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91interior geometry\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91biological purge\u8217\'92 came as a surprise to me. The conspiratorial language earlier didn\u8217\'92t make much use of these strange constructions. Looking back, there was \u8216\'91secondary feed\u8217\'92, but that didn\u8217\'92t establish a pattern. The \u8216\'91biological purge\u8217\'92 stands out the most, as it reads like Xavier is fucking with us. All his conspiratorial thinking up until then pertains to external threats, but now he\u8217\'92s suddenly concerned about an interior threat? Or is this just a joke he\u8217\'92s making? And so now I\u8217\'92m unsure if I\u8217\'92m supposed to feel bad for the guy, or laugh along with him.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch }