{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 POtential - delete the finding of the knife and prepping it, and just have it appear in his hands. Like oh shit, how long have I had this?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Potential - Delete wall meander ~800 words}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some Outland pokes say that when the land was pulled up from the waters it came out as a solid whole, one earth surrounded by one ocean. When the sun rose it shined on everything at once\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 birds, beasts, humans, and the twin brother gods, Solraheen and Schisol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Schisol did not like this arrangement. Humanity was trampling all over His brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sacred gardens. He wanted humanity kept apart, so He smashed His fists into the ground and split the land in two. In one cataclysmic afternoon Jandri became an island continent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How great the trembling must have been when the Hias mountains were torn apart. How incredible it had to be to see an ocean of fish, shark, and noodly leviathan tumble into green valleys. It is said that for a day all the ocean beasts frolicked in fields of tulips and trees, and all that movement is the reason why the waters of the Shalbrum sea flow so fast today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Schisol was an idiot. Having pushed Jandri out into the ocean, He unwittingly pushed it closer to the sun. The unremitting heat bore down on the lush environs, withering them into dust. In His bid to save His brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s garden from the ravages of humanity, Schisol had destroyed it instead. And to add insult to injury, humans built boats and sailed across the sea anyway, settled Jandri and spread out into every inch of arable land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It is believed that Meskalim was one of the first places to be settled on the new continent. On the earliest maps it was nothing but a nameless black dot sitting halfway down Jandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s western rim. Nobody cared for a small flesh market that merchant barges skipped on the way down around the horn and east to Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This all changed when a young slave girl slipped and fell into a hole. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What that girl was doing in the foothills of the Hias mountains, so far from the city, only Solraheen knows. Some say that she was lured down into that hole by a demon, as the entrance was impossible to find unless one knew where it was. What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s important is that when the girl was rescued from the earth she was clutching a nugget of gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The shepherd who found her went back to that crack the next day with an oil lamp. Not twelve feet down and his eye caught the glint of a gold stringer slanting sideways through the granite. He followed it through a tight-fitting pocket, and there in that fractured bit of earth he found a vein of gold that was wider than his arms could stretch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mines were driven into the hills. This was ages before the age of Hrkan science, so no real thought was given to managing the uncountable tons of rock that were pressing down on the blooming network of tunnels. When the people of Meskalim dug into the earth they put up wood beams and packed the walls tight with a stiffening mud, but that was it. They didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand that the granite there was fiercely jointed and that a beam supporting one rock might be doing nothing for another just a few inches away. It all looked like one big rock in the dim light of torches. The odd cave-in should have served as a warning. One might be tempted to say these ancient peoples didn\u8217\'92t understand the danger because they were blinded by greed, but that wasn\u8217\'92t the whole truth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they were blinded as much by their own invincible ignorance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meskalim became a golden city on the maps of a golden age. Its thousand white domes were enameled with sacred geometry. Its boulevards were filled with all the peoples of the world. Its army was twice the size of any other. Its port was the very center of the earth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They followed the gold wherever it went, and it went everywhere, even under the city itself. At the peak of the frenzy a person could go anywhere between Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s three hills, dig straight down, and likely as not they\u8217\'92d pop out into a tunnel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then one day, a miner slammed his pick into the wrong hairline crack. A jet of water shot out, and the waters of the Shalbrum flooded in. When the thinned bedrock fell, the golden city above fell with it. More than five hundred thousand people were swallowed up by the earth, though the number grows larger with each retelling.so it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for the city to be rebuilt from scratch further south. Meskalim the second swelled anew, though it would never be as grand as the first, for whenever a nugget of gold was pulled from the earth it was stored in a dockside warehouse before being shipped across the sea or down and around to Jeket. Folks feared the earth might open up at any time to eat their treasures, so common sense demanded that the wealth would be better used elsewhere.}}