{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Circumambulate the city of a dreamy Sabbath afternoon. Go from Corlears Hook to Coenties Slip, and from thence, by Whitehall, northward. What do you see?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Posted like silent sentinels all around the town, stand thousands upon thousands of mortal men fixed in ocean reveries. Some leaning against the spiles; some seated upon the pier-heads; some looking over the bulwarks of ships from China; some high aloft in the rigging, as if striving to get a still better seaward peep. But these are all landsmen; of week days pent up in lath and plaster\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tied to counters, nailed to benches, clinched to desks. How then is this? Are the green fields gone? What do they here? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But here is an artist. He desires to paint you the dreamiest, shadiest, quietest, most enchanting bit of romantic landscape in all the valley of the Saco. What is the chief element he employs? There stand his trees, each with a hollow trunk, as if a hermit and a crucifix were within; and here sleeps his meadow, and there sleep his cattle; and up from yonder cottage goes a sleepy smoke. Deep into distant woodlands winds a mazy way, reaching to overlapping spurs of mountains bathed in their hill-side blue. But though the picture lies thus tranced, and though this pine-tree shakes down its sighs like leaves upon this shepherd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, yet all were vain, unless the shepherd\u8217\'92s eye were fixed upon the magic stream before him. Go visit the Prairies in June, when for scores on scores of miles you wade knee-deep among Tiger-lilies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what is the one charm wanting?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Water\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there is not a drop of water there! Were Niagara but a cataract of sand, would you travel your thousand miles to see it? Why did the poor poet of Tennessee, upon suddenly receiving two handfuls of silver, deliberate whether to buy him a coat, which he sadly needed, or invest his money in a pedestrian trip to Rockaway Beach? Why is almost every robust healthy boy with a robust healthy soul in him, at some time or other crazy to go to sea? Why upon your first voyage as a passenger, did you yourself feel such a mystical vibration, when first told that you and your ship were now out of sight of land? Why did the old Persians hold the sea holy? Why did the Greeks give it a separate deity, and own brother of Jove? Surely all this is not without meaning. And still deeper the meaning of that story of Narcissus, who because he could not grasp the tormenting, mild image he saw in the fountain, plunged into it and was drowned. But that same image, we ourselves see in all rivers and oceans. It is the image of the ungraspable phantom of life; and this is the key to it all. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For my part, I abominate all honorable respectable toils, trials, and tribulations of every kind whatsoever. It is quite as much as I can do to take care of myself, without taking care of ships, barques, brigs, schooners, and what not. And as for going as cook,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 though I confess there is considerable glory in that, a cook being a sort of officer on ship-board\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yet, somehow, I never fancied broiling fowls;\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 though once broiled, judiciously buttered, and judgmatically salted and peppered, there is no one who will speak more respectfully, not to say reverentially, of a broiled fowl than I will. It is out of the idolatrous dotings of the old Egyptians upon broiled ibis and roasted river horse, that you see the mummies of those creatures in their huge bake-houses the pyramids. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You could pretty plainly tell how long each one had been ashore. This young fellow\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s healthy cheek is like a sun-toasted pear in hue, and would seem to smell almost as musky; he cannot have been three days landed from his Indian voyage. That man next him looks a few shades lighter; you might say a touch of satin wood is in him. In the complexion of a third still lingers a tropic tawn, but slightly bleached withal;\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~doubtless has tarried whole weeks ashore. But who could show a cheek like Queequeg? which, barred with various tints, seemed like the Andes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 western slope, to show forth in one array, contrasting climates, zone by zone. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, here were a set of sea-dogs, many of whom without the slightest bashfulness had boarded great whales on the high seas\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 entire strangers to them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and duelled them dead without winking; and yet, here they sat at a social breakfast table\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all of the same calling, all of kindred tastes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 looking round as sheepishly at each other as though they had never been out of sight of some sheepfold among the Green Mountains. A curious sight; these bashful bears, these timid warrior whalemen! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No town-bred dandy will compare with a country-bred one\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I mean a downright bumpkin dandy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a fellow that, in the dog-days, will mow his two acres in buckskin gloves for fear of tanning his hands. Now when a country dandy like this takes it into his head to make a distinguished reputation, and joins the great whale-fishery, you should see the comical things he does upon reaching the seaport.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yet, in spite of this, nowhere in all America will you find more patrician-like houses; parks and gardens more opulent, than in New Bedford. Whence came they? how planted upon this once scraggy scoria of a country? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In what census of living creatures, the dead of mankind are included; why it is that a universal proverb says of them, that they tell no tales, though containing more secrets than the Goodwin Sands; how it is that to his name who yesterday departed for the other world, we prefix so significant and infidel a word, and yet do not thus entitle him, if he but embarks for the remotest Indies of this living earth; why the Life Insurance Companies pay death-forfeitures upon immortals; in what eternal, unstirring paralysis, and deadly, hopeless trance, yet lies antique Adam who died sixty round centuries ago; how it is that we still refuse to be comforted for those who we nevertheless maintain are dwelling in unspeakable bliss; why all the living so strive to hush all the dead; wherefore but the rumor of a knocking in a tomb will terrify a whole city. All these things are not without their meanings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Faith, like a jackal, feeds among the tombs, and even from these dead doubts she gathers her most vital hope.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the spring verdure peeping forth even beneath February\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snow. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This ended, in prolonged solemn tones, like the continual tolling of a bell in a ship that is foundering at sea in a fog\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in such tones he commenced reading the following hymn;\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beloved shipmates, clinch the last verse of the first chap }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Yet what depths of the soul does Jonah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s deep sealine sound! what a pregnant lesson to us is this prophet! What a noble thing is that canticle in the fish\u8217\'92s belly! How billow-like and boisterously grand! We feel the floods surging over us; we sound with him to the kelpy bottom of the waters; sea-weed and all the slime of the sea is about us! But\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 what}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is this lesson that the book of Jonah teaches? Shipmates, it is a two-stranded lesson; a lesson to us all as sinful men, and a lesson to me as a pilot of the living God. As sinful men, it is a lesson to us all, because it is a story of the sin, hard-heartedness, suddenly awakened fears, the swift punishment, repentance, prayers, and finally the deliverance and joy of Jonah. As with all sinners among men, the sin of this son of Amittai was in his wilful disobedience of the command of God\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 never mind now what that command was, or how conveyed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which he found a hard command. But all the things that God would have us do are hard for us to do\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 remember that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and hence, he oftener commands us than endeavors to persuade. And if we obey God, we must disobey ourselves; and it is in this disobeying ourselves, wherein the hardness of obeying God consists. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Who\u8217\'92s there?\u8217\'92 cries the Captain at his busy desk, hurriedly making out his papers for the Customs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8216\'91Who\u8217\'92s there?\u8217\'92 Oh! how that harmless question mangles Jonah!\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In this world, shipmates, sin that pays its way can travel freely, and without a passport; whereas Virtue, if a pauper, is stopped at all frontiers.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like one who after a night of drunken revelry hies to his bed, still reeling, but with conscience yet pricking him, as the plungings of the Roman race-horse but so much the more strike his steel tags into him; as one who in that miserable plight still turns and turns in giddy anguish, praying God for annihilation until the fit be passed; and at last amid the whirl of woe he feels, a deep stupor steals over him, as over the man who bleeds to death, for conscience is the wound, and there\u8217\'92s naught to staunch it; so, after sore wrestlings in his berth, Jonah\u8217\'92s prodigy of ponderous misery drags him drowning down to sleep. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~He sees no black sky and raging sea, feels not the reeling timbers, and little hears he or heeds he the far rush of the mighty whale, which even now with open mouth is cleaving the seas after him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shipmates, God has laid but one hand upon you; both his hands press upon me. I have read ye by what murky light may be mine the lesson that Jonah teaches to all sinners; and therefore to ye, and still more to me, for I am a greater sinner than ye.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sensation of crying at your sermon. The power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This, shipmates, this is that other lesson; and woe to that pilot of the living God who slights it. Woe to him whom this world charms from Gospel duty! Woe to him who seeks to pour oil upon the waters when God has brewed them into a gale! Woe to him who seeks to please rather than to appal! Woe to him whose good name is more to him than goodness! Woe to him who, in this world, courts not dishonor! Woe to him who would not be true, even though to be false were salvation! Yea, woe to him who, as the great Pilot Paul has it, while preaching to others is himself a castaway!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 xpansive than it otherwise would, this I will not venture to decide; but certain it was his head was phrenologically an excellent one. It may seem ridiculous, but it reminded me of General Washington\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, as seen in the popular busts of him. It had the same long regularly graded retreating slope from above the brows, which were likewise very projecting, like two long promontories thickly wooded on top. Queequeg was George Washington cannibalistically developed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solemnity}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 jabbering\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~ice of indifference }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Breast}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Embalmed}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Remonstrate}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deliberated}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was a good Christian; born and bred in the bosom of the infallible Presbyterian Church. How then could I unite with this wild idolator in worshipping his piece of wood? But what is worship? thought I. Do you suppose now, Ishmael, that the magnanimous God of heaven and earth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pagans and all included\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 can possibly be jealous of an insignificant bit of black wood? Impossible! But what is worship?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to do the will of God\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is worship. And what is the will of God?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to do to my fellow man what I would have my fellow man to do to me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is the will of God. Now, Queequeg is my fellow man. And what do I wish that this Queequeg would do to me? Why, unite with me in my particular Presbyterian form of worship. Consequently, I must then unite with him in his; ergo, I must turn idolator. So I kindled the shavings; helped prop up the innocent little idol; offered him burnt biscuit with Queequeg; salamed before him twice or thrice; kissed his nose; and that done, we undressed and went to bed, at peace with our own consciences and all the world. But we did not go to sleep without some little chat. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 confabulations }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 recumbent\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing exists in itself. If you flatter yourself that you are all over comfortable, and have been so a long time, then you cannot be said to be comfortable any more. But if, like Queequeg and me in the bed, the tip of your nose or the crown of your head be slightly chilled, why then, indeed, in the general consciousness you feel most delightfully and unmistakably warm. For this reason a sleeping apartment should never be furnished with a fire, which is one of the luxurious discomforts of the rich. For the height of this sort of deliciousness is to have nothing but the blanket between you and your snugness and the cold of the outer air. Then there you lie like the one warm spark in the heart of an arctic crystal. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 till slowly there grew over us a blue hanging tester of smoke, illuminated by the flame of the new-lit lamp. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Disclosre}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Queequeg was a native of Rokovoko, an island far away to the West and South. It is not down in any map; true places never are. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 which he knew the ship must pass through when she quitted the island }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 dauntlessness }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ignominy }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 actuated\~ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For at bottom\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so he told me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was actuated by a profound desire to learn among the Christians, the arts whereby to make his people still happier than they were; and more than that, still better than they were. But, alas! the practices of whalemen soon convinced him that even Christians could be both miserable and wicked; infinitely more so, than all his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heathens. Arrived at last in old Sag Harbor; and seeing what the sailors did there; and then going on to Nantucket, and seeing how they spent their wages in\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~place also, poor Queequeg gave it up for lost. Thought he, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a wicked world in all meridians; I\u8217\'92ll die a pagan. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I asked him why he carried such a troublesome thing with him ashore, and whether all whaling ships did not find their own harpoons. To this, in substance, he replied, that though what I hinted was true enough, yet he had a particular affection for his own harpoon, because it was of assured stuff, well tried in many a mortal combat, and deeply intimate with the hearts of whales. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 consecrated\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bracing breeze waxed fresh }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hallo,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~sir,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 cried the Captain, a gaunt rib of the sea, stalking up to Queequeg, \u8220\'93what in thunder do you mean by that? Don\u8217\'92t you know you might have killed that chap?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it so happened just then, that it was high time for the Captain to mind his own eye. The prodigious strain upon the main-sail had parted the weather-sheet, and the tremendous boom was now flying from side to side, completely sweeping the entire after part of the deck. The poor fellow whom Queequeg had handled so roughly, was swept overboard; all hands were in a panic; and to attempt snatching at the boom to stay it, seemed madness. It flew from right to left, and back again, almost in one ticking of a watch, and every instant seemed on the point of snapping into splinters. Nothing was done, and nothing seemed capable of being done; those on deck rushed towards the bows, and stood eyeing the boom as if it were the lower jaw of an exasperated whale. In the midst of this consternation, Queequeg dropped deftly to his knees, and crawling under the path of the boom, whipped hold of a rope, secured one end to the bulwarks, and then flinging the other like a lasso, caught it round the boom as it swept over his head, and at the next jerk, the spar was that way trapped, and all was safe.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From that hour I clove to Queequeg like a barnacle; yea, till poor Queequeg took his last long dive. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nantucket! Take out your map and look at it. See what a real corner of the world it occupies; how it stands there, away off shore, more lonely than the Eddystone lighthouse. Look at it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mere hillock, and elbow of sand; all beach, without a background. There is more sand there than you would use in twenty years as a substitute for blotting paper. Some gamesome wights will tell you that they have to plant weeds there, they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grow naturally; that they import Canada thistles; that they have to send beyond seas for a spile to stop a leak in an oil cask; that pieces of wood in Nantucket are carried about like bits of the true cross in Rome; that people there plant toadstools before their houses, to get under the shade in summer time; that one blade of grass makes an oasis, three blades in a day\u8217\'92s walk a prairie; that they wear quicksand shoes, something like Laplander snow-shoes; that they are so shut up, belted about, every way inclosed, surrounded, and made an utter island of by the ocean, that to their very chairs and tables small clams will sometimes be found adhering, as to the backs of sea turtles. But these extravaganzas only show that Nantucket is no Illinois. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and in all seasons and all oceans declared everlasting war with the mightiest animated mass that has survived the flood; most monstrous and most mountainous! That Himmalehan, salt-sea Mastodon, clothed with such portentousness of unconscious power, that his very panics are more to be dreaded than his most fearless and malicious assaults! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 relics of a recently concluded repast, turned round to us and said }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We resumed business; and while plying our spoons in the bowl, thinks I to myself, I wonder now if this here has any effect on the head? What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that stultifying saying about chowder-headed people? \u8220\'93But look, Queequeg, ain\u8217\'92t that a live eel in your bowl? Where\u8217\'92s your harpoon?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a fishy flavor to the milk, too, which I could not at all account for, till one morning happening to take a stroll along the beach among some fishermen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boats, I saw Hosea\u8217\'92s brindled cow feeding on fish remnants, and marching along the sand with each foot in a cod\u8217\'92s decapitated head, looking very slip-shod, I assure ye. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Both,\u8221\'94 says I; \u8220\'93and let\u8217\'92s have a couple of smoked herring by way of variety.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Acquiesce}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sagacity.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bedstead \~A cannibal of a craft, tricking herself forth in the chased bones of her enemies. All round, her unpanelled, open bulwarks were garnished like one continuous jaw, with the long sharp teeth of the sperm whale, inserted there for pins, to fasten her old hempen thews and tendons to. Those thews ran not through base blocks of land wood, but deftly travelled over sheaves of sea-ivory. Scorning a turnstile wheel at her reverend helm, she sported there a tiller; and that tiller was in one mass, curiously carved from the long narrow lower jaw of her hereditary foe. The helmsman who steered by that tiller in a tempest, felt like the Tartar, when he holds back his fiery steed by clutching its jaw. A noble craft, but somehow a most melancholy! All noble things are touched with that. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 only there was a fine and almost microscopic net-work of the minutest wrinkles interlacing round his eyes, which must have arisen from his continual sailings in many hard gales, and always looking to windward;\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for this causes the muscles about the eyes to become pursed together. Such eye-wrinkles are very effectual in a scowl. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the other shares, as is sometimes the case in these ports, being held by a crowd of old annuitants; widows, fatherless children, and chancery wards; each owning about the value of a timber head, or a foot of plank, or a nail or two in the ship. People in Nantucket invest their money in whaling vessels, the same way that you do yours in approved state stocks bringing in good interest.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, Bildad, like Peleg, and indeed many other Nantucketers, w}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 >So that there are instances among them of men, who, named with Scripture names\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a singularly common fashion on the island\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and in childhood naturally imbibing the stately dramatic thee and thou of the Quaker idiom; still, from the audacious, daring, and boundless adventure of their subsequent lives, strangely blend with these unoutgrown peculiarities, a thousand bold dashes of character, not unworthy a Scandinavian sea-king, or a poetical Pagan Roman. And when these things unite in a man of greatly superior natural force, with a globular brain and a ponderous heart; who has also by the stillness and seclusion of many long night-watches in the remotest waters, and beneath constellations never seen here at the north, been led to think untraditionally and independently; receiving all nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sweet or savage impressions fresh from her own virgin voluntary and confiding breast, and thereby chiefly, but with some help from accidental advantages, to learn a bold and nervous lofty language\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that man makes one in a whole nation\u8217\'92s census\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mighty pageant creature, formed for noble tragedies. Nor will it at all detract from him, dramatically regarded, if either by birth or other circumstances, he have what seems a half wilful overruling morbidness at the bottom of his nature. For all men tragically great are made so through a certain morbidness. Be sure of this, O young ambition, all mortal greatness is but disease. But, as yet we have not to do with such an one, but with quite another; and still a man, who, if indeed peculiar, it only results again from another phase of the Quaker, modified by individual circumstances. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Building up a great man - he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like that at all. \u8220\'93Now take all these traits, and dash them. Bill was nothign like it.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Bildad was a chief-mate, to have his drab-coloured eye intently looking at you, made you feel completely nervous, till you could clutch something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a hammer or a marling-spike, and go to work like mad, at something or other, never mind what. Indolence and idleness perished before him. His own person was the exact embodiment of his utilitarian character. On his long, gaunt body, he carried no spare flesh, no superfluous beard, his chin having a soft, economical nap to it, like the worn nap of his broad-brimmed hat. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if long habituated to such profane talk from his old shipmate, Bildad, without noticing his present irreverence, quietly looked up, and seeing me, glanced again inquiringly towards Peleg. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thou knowest best,\u8221\'94 was the sepulchral reply, \u8220\'93the seven hundred and seventy-seventh wouldn\u8217\'92t be too much, would it?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8216\'91where moth and rust do corrupt, but\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lay}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Captain Peleg,\u8221\'94 said Bildad steadily, \u8220\'93thy conscience may be drawing ten inches of water, or ten fathoms, I can\u8217\'92t tell; but as thou art still an impenitent man, Captain Peleg, I greatly fear lest thy conscience be but a leaky one; and will in the end sink thee foundering down to the fiery pit, Captain Peleg.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t think thou wilt be able to at present. I don\u8217\'92t know exactly what\u8217\'92s the matter with him; but he keeps close inside the house; a sort of sick, and yet he don\u8217\'92t look so. In fact, he ain\u8217\'92t sick; but no, he isn\u8217\'92t well either. Any how, young man, he won\u8217\'92t always see me, so I don\u8217\'92t suppose he will thee. He\u8217\'92s a queer man, Captain Ahab\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so some think\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but a good one. Oh, thou\u8217\'92lt like him well enough; no fear, no fear. He\u8217\'92s a grand, ungodly, god-like man, Captain Ahab; doesn\u8217\'92t speak much; but, when he does speak, then you may well listen. Mark ye, be forewarned; Ahab\u8217\'92s above the common; Ahab\u8217\'92s been in colleges, as well as \u8217\'92mong the cannibals; been used to deeper wonders than the waves; fixed his fiery lance in mightier, stranger foes than whales. His lance! aye, the keenest and the surest that out of all our isle! Oh! he ain\u8217\'92t Captain Bildad; no, and he ain\u8217\'92t Captain Peleg;\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Ahab}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , boy; and Ahab of old, thou knowest, was a crowned king!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~avail }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mustard-pot and vinegar-cruet, and the entire castor of her countenance. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 squatting on his hams, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 blandishments }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 vexed}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At last we rose and dressed; and Queequeg, taking a prodigiously hearty breakfast of chowders of all sorts, so that the landlady should not make much profit by reason of his Ramadan, we sallied out to board the Pequod, sauntering along, and picking our teeth with halibut bones. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 thou art skylarking with me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 explain thyself, thou young Hittite. What church dost thee mean? answer me }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finding myself thus hard pushed, I replied. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean, sir, the same ancient Catholic Church to which you and I, and Captain Peleg there, and Queequeg here, and all of us, and every mother\u8217\'92s son and soul of us belong; the great and everlasting First Congregation of this whole worshipping world; we all belong to that; only some of us cherish some queer crotchets no ways touching the grand belief; in\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~we all join hands.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 obstinate\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something of the salt sea yet lingered in old Bildad\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s language, heterogeneously mixed with Scriptural and domestic phrases. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 how, then, can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92st thou prate in this ungodly guise. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~A confluent small-pox had in all directions flowed over his face, and left it like the complicated ribbed bed of a torrent, when the rushing waters have been dried up. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, perhaps you hav\u8217\'92n\u8217\'92t got any,\u8221\'94 he said quickly. \u8220\'93No matter though, I know many chaps that hav\u8217\'92n\u8217\'92t got any,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 good luck to \u8217\'92em; and they are all the better off for it. A soul\u8217\'92s a sort of a fifth wheel to a wagon.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s true, that\u8217\'92s true\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yes, both true enough. But you must jump when he gives an order. Step and growl; growl and go\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s the word with Captain Ahab. But nothing about that thing that happened to him off Cape Horn, long ago, when he lay like dead for three days and nights; nothing about that deadly skrimmage with the Spaniard afore the altar in Santa?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 heard nothing about that, eh? Nothing about the silver calabash he spat into? And nothing about his losing his leg last voyage, according to the prophecy. Didn\u8217\'92t ye hear a word about them matters and something more, eh? No, I don\u8217\'92t think ye did; how could ye? Who knows it? Not all Nantucket, I guess. But hows\u8217\'92ever, mayhap, ye\u8217\'92ve heard tell about the leg, and how he lost it; aye, ye have heard of that, I dare say. Oh yes,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~every one knows a\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92most\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I mean they know he\u8217\'92s only one leg; and that a parmacetti took the other off.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look here, friend,\u8221\'94 said I, \u8220\'93if you have anything important to tell us, out with it; but if you are only trying to bamboozle us, you are mistaken in your game; that\u8217\'92s all I have to say.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 both commenting, after each other\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fashion, upon this ragged old sailor; and agreed that he was nothing but a humbug, trying to be a bugbear }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 withal\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rheumatic back }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Impertinent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 jocularly hinted }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh! perry dood seat,\u8221\'94 said Queequeg, \u8220\'93my country way; won\u8217\'92t hurt him face.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Face!\u8221\'94 said I, \u8220\'93call that his face? very benevolent countenance}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his ass a benevolent countenance}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blood and thunder! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 particularly in getting under weigh }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 holy shit this isa bout boat weights?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that the way they heave in the marchant service?\u8221\'94 he roared. \u8220\'93Spring, thou sheep-head; spring, and break thy backbone! Why don\u8217\'92t ye spring, I say, all of ye\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 spring! Quohog! spring, thou chap with the red whiskers; spring there, Scotch-cap; spring, thou green pants. Spring, I say, all of ye, and spring your eyes out!\u8221\'94 And so saying, he moved along the windlass, here and there using his leg very freely, while imperturbable Bildad kept leading off with his psalmody. Thinks I, Captain Peleg must have been drinking something to-day. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 way to introduce charachters}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Spite of this frigid winter night in the boisterous Atlantic, spite of my wet feet and wetter jacket, there was yet, it then seemed to me, many a pleasant haven in store; and meads and glades so eternally vernal, that the grass shot up by the spring, untrodden, unwilted, remains at midsummer. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was curious and not unpleasing, how Peleg and Bildad were affected at this juncture, especially Captain Bildad. For loath to depart, yet; very loath to leave, for good, a ship bound on so long and perilous a voyage\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 beyond both stormy Capes; a ship in which some thousands of his hard earned dollars were invested; a ship, in which an old shipmate sailed as captain; a man almost as old as he, once more starting to encounter all the terrors of the pitiless jaw; loath to say good-bye to a thing so every way brimful of every interest to him,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 poor old Bildad lingered long; paced the deck with anxious strides; ran down into the cabin to speak another farewell word there; again came on deck, and looked to windward; looked towards the wide and endless waters, only bounded by the far-off unseen Eastern Continents; looked towards the land; looked aloft; looked right and left; looked everywhere and nowhere; and at last, mechanically coiling a rope upon its pin, convulsively grasped stout Peleg by the hand, and holding up a lantern, for a moment stood gazing heroically in his face, as much as to say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nevertheless, friend Peleg, I can stand it; yes, I can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As for Peleg himself, he took it more like a philosopher; but for all his philosophy, there was a tear twinkling in his eye, when the lantern came too near. And he, too, did not a little run from cabin to deck\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 now a word below, and now a word with Starbuck, the chief mate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But, at last, he turned to his comrade, with a final sort of look about him,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Captain Bildad\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 come, old shipmate, we must go. Back the main-yard there! Boat ahoy! Stand by to come close alongside, now! Careful, careful!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 come, Bildad, boy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 say your last. Luck to ye, Starbuck\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 luck to ye, Mr. Stubb\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 luck to ye, Mr. Flask\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 good-bye and good luck to ye all\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and this day three years I\u8217\'92ll have a hot supper smoking for ye in old Nantucket. Hurrah and away!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ship and boat diverged; the cold, damp night breeze blew between; a screaming gull flew overhead; the two hulls wildly rolled; we gave three heavy-hearted cheers, and blindly plunged like fate into the lone Atlantic. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 vindictive\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The port would fain give succor }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 puissant\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But if, in the face of all this, you still declare that whaling has no \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6sthetically noble associations connected with it, then am I ready to shiver fifty lances with you there, and unhorse you with a split helmet every time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whale has no famous author, and whaling no famous chronicler, you will sa}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 cymballed procession }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Drive down your hat in presence of the Czar, and take it off to Queequeg! No more! I know a man that, in his lifetime, has taken three hundred and fifty whales. I account that man more honorable than that great captain of antiquity who boasted of taking as many walled towns. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is well known that at the coronation of kings and queens, even modern ones, a certain curious process of seasoning them for their functions is gone through. There is a saltcellar of state, so called, and there may be a castor of state. How they use the salt, precisely\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who knows? Certain I am, however, that a king\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head is solemnly oiled at his coronation, even as a head of salad. Can it be, though, that they anoint it with a view of making its interior run well, as they anoint machinery? Much might be ruminated here, concerning the essential dignity of this regal process, because in common life we esteem but meanly and contemptibly a fellow who anoints his hair, and palpably smells of that anointing. In truth, a mature man who uses hair-oil, unless medicinally, that man has probably got a quoggy spot in him somewhere. As a general rule, he can\u8217\'92t amount to much in his totality. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrid}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 superstition }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Abide}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Toiling}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I say this continual smoking must have been one cause, at least, of his peculiar disposition; for every one knows that this earthly air, whether ashore or afloat, is terribly infected with the nameless miseries of the numberless mortals who have died exhaling it; and as in time of the cholera, some people go about with a camphorated handkerchief to their mouths; so, likewise, against all mortal tribulations, Stubb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tobacco smoke might have operated as a sort of disinfecting agent. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whimsical}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ere long, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 by and by, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More than once did he put forth the faint blossom of a look, which, in any other man, would have soon flowered out in a smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Winsome}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 sentinelled\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, sir; not yet,\u8221\'94 said Stubb, emboldened, \u8220\'93I will not tamely be called a dog, sir.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then be called ten times a donkey, and a mule, and an ass, and begone, or I\u8217\'92ll clear the world of thee!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he said this, Ahab advanced upon him with such overbearing terrors in his aspect, that Stubb involuntarily retreated.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next: how shall we define the whale, by his obvious externals, so as conspicuously to label him for all time to come? To be short, then, a whale is\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 a spouting fish with a horizontal tail}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . There you have him. However contracted, that definition is the result of expanded meditation. A walrus spouts much like a whale, but the walrus is not a fish, because he is amphibious. But the last term of the definition is still more cogent, as coupled with the first. Almost any one must have noticed that all the fish familiar to landsmen have not a flat, but a vertical, or up-and-down tail. Whereas, among spouting fish the tail, though it may be similarly shaped, invariably assumes a horizontal position. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This whale, among the English of old vaguely known as the Trumpa whale, and the Physeter whale, and the Anvil Headed whale, is the present Cachalot of the French, and the Pottsfich of the Germans, and the Macrocephalus of the Long Words. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 permaceti was exceedingly scarce, not being used for light, but only as an ointment and medicament. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 subalterns. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 punctilious\~ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 extorting\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~paltry and base. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Nor did the whetstone which the harpooneers carried in their pockets, for their lances and other weapons; and with which whetstones, at dinner, they would ostentatiously sharpen their knives; that grating sound did not at all tend to tranquillize poor Dough-Boy. How could he forget that in his Island days, Queequeg, for one, must certainly have been guilty of some murderous, convivial indiscretions. Alas! Dough-Boy! hard fares the white waiter who waits upon cannibals. Not a napkin should he carry on his arm, but a buckler.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 A few years ago this same plan was adopted by the Bay whalemen of New Zealand, who, upon descrying the game, gave notice to the ready-manned boats nigh the beach. But this custom has now become obsolete; turn we then to the one proper mast-head, that of a whale-ship at sea. The three mast-heads are kept manned from sun-rise to sun-set; the seamen taking their regular turns (as at the helm), and relieving each other every two hours. In the serene weather of the tropics it is exceedingly pleasant the mast-head; nay, to a dreamy meditative man it is delightful. There you stand, a hundred feet above the silent decks, striding along the deep, as if the masts were gigantic stilts, while beneath you and between your legs, as it were, swim the hugest monsters of the sea, even as ships once sailed between the boots of the famous Colossus at old Rhodes. There you stand, lost in the infinite series of the sea, with nothing ruffled but the waves. The tranced ship indolently rolls; the drowsy trade winds blow; everything resolves you into languor. For the most part, in this tropic whaling life, a sublime uneventfulness invests you; you hear no news; read no gazettes; extras with startling accounts of commonplaces never delude you into unnecessary excitements; you hear of no domestic afflictions; bankrupt securities; fall of stocks; are never troubled with the thought of what you shall have for dinner\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for all your meals for three years and more are snugly stowed in casks, and your bill of fare is immutable.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Soon his steady, ivory stride was heard, as to and fro he paced his old rounds, upon planks so familiar to his tread, that they were all over dented, like geological stones, with the peculiar mark of his walk. Did you fixedly gaze, too, upon that ribbed and dented brow; there also, you would see still stranger foot-prints\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the foot-prints of his one unsleeping, ever-pacing thought.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93D\u8217\'92ye mark him, Flask?\u8221\'94 whispered Stubb; \u8220\'93the chick that\u8217\'92s in him pecks the shell. \u8217\'92Twill soon be out.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do ye do when ye see a whale, men?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sing out for him!\u8221\'94 was the impulsive rejoinder from a score of clubbed voices.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good!\u8221\'94 cried Ahab, with a wild approval in his tones; observing the hearty animation into which his unexpected question had so magnetically thrown them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what do ye next, men?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lower away, and after him!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what tune is it ye pull to, men?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A dead whale or a stove boat!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 More and more strangely and fiercely glad and approving, grew the countenance of the old man at every shout; while the mariners began to gaze curiously at each other, as if marvelling how it was that they themselves became so excited at such seemingly purposeless questions.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Skin your eyes for him, men; look sharp for white water; if ye see but a bubble, sing out.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then tossing both arms, with measureless imprecations he shouted out: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aye, aye! and I\u8217\'92ll chase him round Good Hope, and round the Horn, and round the Norway Maelstrom, and round perdition\u8217\'92s flames before I give him up. And this is what ye have shipped for, men! to chase that white whale on both sides of land, and over all sides of earth, till he spouts black blood and rolls fin out. What say ye, men, will ye splice hands on it, now? I think ye do look brave.\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am game for his crooked jaw, and for the jaws of Death too, Captain Ahab, if it fairly comes in the way of the business we follow; but I came here to hunt whales, not my commander\u8217\'92s vengeance. How many barrels will thy vengeance yield thee even if thou gettest it, Captain Ahab? it will not fetch thee much in our Nantucket market.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nantucket market! Hoot! But come closer, Starbuck; thou requirest a little lower layer. If money\u8217\'92s to be the measurer, man, and the accountants have computed their great counting-house the globe, by girdling it with guineas, one to every three parts of an inch; then, let me tell thee, that my vengeance will fetch a great premium\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 here!}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He smites his chest,\u8221\'94 whispered Stubb, \u8220\'93what\u8217\'92s that for? methinks it rings most vast, but hollow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vengeance on a dumb brute!\u8221\'94 cried Starbuck, \u8220\'93that simply smote thee from blindest instinct! Madness! To be enraged with a dumb thing, Captain Ahab, seems blasphemous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hark ye yet again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the little lower layer. All visible objects, man, are but as pasteboard masks. But in each event\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in the living act, the undoubted deed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there, some unknown but still reasoning thing puts forth the mouldings of its features from behind the unreasoning mask. If man will strike, strike through the mask! How can the prisoner reach outside except by thrusting through the wall? To me, the white whale is that wall, shoved near to me. Sometimes I think there\u8217\'92s naught beyond. But \u8217\'92tis enough. He tasks me; he heaps me; I see in him outrageous strength, with an inscrutable malice sinewing it. That inscrutable thing is chiefly what I hate; and be the white whale agent, or be the white whale principal, I will wreak that hate upon him. Talk not to me of blasphemy, man; I\u8217\'92d strike the sun if it insulted me. For could the sun do that, then could I do the other; since there is ever a sort of fair play herein, jealousy presiding over all creations. But not my master, man, is even that fair play. Who\u8217\'92s over me? Truth hath no confines. Take off thine eye! more intolerable than fiends\u8217\'92 glarings is a doltish stare! So, so; thou reddenest and palest; my heat has melted thee to anger-glow. But look ye, Starbuck, what is said in heat, that thing unsays itself. There are men from whom warm words are small indignity. I meant not to incense thee. Let it go. Look! see yonder Turkish cheeks of spotted tawn\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 living, breathing pictures painted by the sun. The Pagan leopards\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the unrecking and unworshipping things, that live; and seek, and give no reasons for the torrid life they feel! The crew, man, the crew! Are they not one and all with Ahab, in this matter of the whale? See Stubb! he laughs! See yonder Chilian! he snorts to think of it. Stand up amid the general hurricane, thy one tost sapling cannot, Starbuck! And what is it? Reckon it. \u8217\'92Tis but to help strike a fin; no wondrous feat for Starbuck. What is it more? From this one poor hunt, then, the best lance out of all Nantucket, surely he will not hang back, when every foremast-hand has clutched a whetstone? Ah! constrainings seize thee; I see! the billow lifts thee! Speak, but speak!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Aye, aye! thy silence, then,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~voices thee. (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Aside}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) Something shot from my dilated nostrils, he has inhaled it in his lungs. Starbuck now is mine; cannot oppose me now, without rebellion.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God keep me!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 keep us all!\u8221\'94 murmured Starbuck, lowly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Tell me not of it! Hark ye, lad\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fleet interlacings of the limbs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lithe swayings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 coyings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 flutterings! lip! heart! hip! all graze: unceasing touch and go! not taste, observe ye, else come satiety. Eh, Pagan? (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Nudging}{\f0\fs24\b0 .)}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 accompaniments}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 ubiquitous}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 erudite research}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 that though groves of spears should be planted in his flanks, he would still swim away unharmed; or if indeed he should ever be made to spout thick blood, such a sight would be but a ghastly deception; for again in unensanguined billows hundreds of leagues away, his unsullied jet would once more be seen.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 evinced\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 consternation\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 assailable\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 immitigable}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 magniloquent ascriptions of dominion}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 loiters\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Though in many natural objects, whiteness refiningly enhances beauty, as if imparting some special virtue of its own, as in marbles, japonicas, and pearls; and though various nations have in some way recognised a certain royal preeminence in this hue; even the barbaric, grand old kings of Pegu placing the title \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lord of the White Elephants\u8221\'94 above all their other magniloquent ascriptions of dominion; and the modern kings of Siam unfurling the same snow-white quadruped in the royal standard; and the Hanoverian flag bearing the one figure of a snow-white charger; and the great Austrian Empire, C\u230\'E6sarian, heir to overlording Rome, having for the imperial colour the same imperial hue; and though this pre-eminence in it applies to the human race itself, giving the white man ideal mastership over every dusky tribe; and though, besides, all this, whiteness has been even made significant of gladness, for among the Romans a white stone marked a joyful day; and though in other mortal sympathies and symbolizings, this same hue is made the emblem of many touching, noble things\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the innocence of brides, the benignity of age; though among the Red Men of America the giving of the white belt of wampum was the deepest pledge of honor; though in many climes, whiteness typifies the majesty of Justice in the ermine of the Judge, and contributes to the daily state of kings and queens drawn by milk-white steeds; though even in the higher mysteries of the most august religions it has been made the symbol of the divine spotlessness and power; by the Persian fire worshippers, the white forked flame being held the holiest on the altar; and in the Greek mythologies, Great Jove himself being made incarnate in a snow-white bull; and though to the noble Iroquois, the midwinter sacrifice of the sacred White Dog was by far the holiest festival of their theology, that spotless, faithful creature being held the purest envoy they could send to the Great Spirit with the annual tidings of their own fidelity; and though directly from the Latin word for white, all Christian priests derive the name of one part of their sacred vesture, the alb or tunic, worn beneath the cassock; and though among the holy pomps of the Romish faith, white is specially employed in the celebration of the Passion of our Lord; though in the Vision of St. John, white robes are given to the redeemed, and the four-and-twenty elders stand clothed in white before the great white throne, and the Holy }{\f0\fs24\b1 One that sitteth there white like wool; yet for all these accumulated associations, with whatever is sweet, and honorable, and sublime, there yet lurks an elusive something in the innermost idea of this hue, which strikes more of panic to the soul than that redness which affrights in blood. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~He piled upon the whale\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s white hump the sum of all the general rage and hate felt by his whole race from Adam down; and then, as if his chest had been a mortar, he burst his hot heart\u8217\'92s shell upon it.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 upholding on his frozen brow the piled entablatures of ages.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What is it that in the Albino man so peculiarly repels and often shocks the eye, as that sometimes he is loathed by his own kith and kin! It is that whiteness which invests him, a thing expressed by the name he bears. The Albino is as well made as other men\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 has no substantive deformity\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and yet this mere aspect of all-pervading whiteness makes him more strangely hideous than the ugliest abortion. Why should this be so?}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Not so the sailor, beholding the scenery of the Antarctic seas; where at times, by some infernal trick of legerdemain in the powers of frost and air, he, shivering and half shipwrecked, instead of rainbows speaking hope and solace to his misery, views what seems a boundless churchyard grinning upon him with its lean ice monuments and splintered crosses.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Tell me, why this strong young colt, foaled in some peaceful valley of Vermont, far removed from all beasts of prey\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why is it that upon the sunniest day, if you but shake a fresh buffalo robe behind him, so that he cannot even see it, but only smells its wild animal muskiness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why will he start, snort, and with bursting eyes paw the ground in phrensies of affright? There is no remembrance in him of any gorings of wild creatures in his green northern home, so that the strange muskiness he smells cannot recall to him anything associated with the experience of former perils; for what knows he, this New England colt, of the black bisons of distant Oregon?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 No: but here thou beholdest even in a dumb brute, the instinct of the knowledge of the demonism in the world. Though thousands of miles from Oregon, still when he smells that savage musk, the rending, goring bison herds are as present as to the deserted wild foal of the prairies, which this instant they may be trampling into dust.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Is it that by its indefiniteness it shadows forth the heartless voids and immensities of the universe, and thus stabs us from behind with the thought of annihilation, when beholding the white depths of the milky way? Or is it, that as in essence whiteness is not so much a colour as the visible absence of colour; and at the same time the concrete of all colours; is it for these reasons that there is such a dumb blankness, full of meaning, in a wide landscape of snows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a colourless, all-colour of atheism from which we shrink? And when we consider that other theory of the natural philosophers, that all other earthly hues\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 every stately or lovely emblazoning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sweet tinges of sunset skies and woods; yea, and the gilded velvets of butterflies, and the butterfly cheeks of young girls; all these are but subtile deceits, not actually inherent in substances, but only laid on from without; so that all deified Nature absolutely paints like the harlot, whose allurements cover nothing but the charnel-house within; and when we proceed further, and consider that the mystical cosmetic which produces every one of her hues, the great principle of light, for ever remains white or colorless in itself, and if operating without medium upon matter, would touch all objects, even tulips and roses, with its own blank tinge\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pondering all this, the palsied universe lies before us a leper; and like wilful travellers in Lapland, who refuse to wear coloured and colouring glasses upon their eyes, so the wretched infidel gazes himself blind at the monumental white shroud that wraps all the prospect around him. And of all these things the Albino whale was the symbol. Wonder ye then at the fiery hunt?}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, to any one not fully acquainted with the ways of the leviathans, it might seem an absurdly hopeless task thus to seek out one solitary creature in the unhooped oceans of this planet. But not so did it seem to Ahab, who knew the sets of all tides and currents; and thereby calculating the driftings of the sperm whale\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s food; and, also, calling to mind the regular, ascertained seasons for hunting him in particular latitudes; could arrive at reasonable surmises, almost approaching to certainties, concerning the timeliest day to be upon this or that ground in search of his prey.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He sleeps with clenched hands; and wakes with his own bloody nails in his palms.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 inveteracy\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I do not know where I can find a better place than just here, to make mention of one or two other things, which to me seem important, as in printed form establishing in all respects the reasonableness of the whole story of the White Whale, more especially the catastrophe. For this is one of those disheartening instances where truth requires full as much bolstering as error. So ignorant are most landsmen of some of the plainest and most palpable wonders of the world, that without some hints touching the plain facts, historical and otherwise, of the fishery, they might scout at Moby Dick as a monstrous fable, or still worse and more detestable, a hideous and intolerable allegory.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the sixth Christian century lived Procopius, a Christian magistrate of Constantinople, in the days when Justinian was Emperor and Belisarius general. As many know, he wrote the history of his own times, a work every way of uncommon value. By the best authorities, he has always been considered a most trustworthy and unexaggerating historian, except in some one or two particulars, not at all affecting the matter presently to be mentioned.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nor was Ahab unmindful of another thing. In times of strong emotion mankind disdain all base considerations; but such times are evanescent. The permanent constitutional condition of the manufactured man, thought Ahab, is sordidness. Granting that the White Whale fully incites the hearts of this my savage crew, and playing round their savageness even breeds a certain generous knight-errantism in them, still, while for the love of it they give chase to Moby Dick, they must also have food for their more common, daily appetites. For even the high lifted and chivalric Crusaders of old times were not content to traverse two thousand miles of land to fight for their holy sepulchre, without committing burglaries, picking pockets, and gaining other pious perquisites by the way.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 quiescent\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 evanescent}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I was the attendant or page of Queequeg, while busy at the mat. As I kept passing and repassing the filling or woof of marline between the long yarns of the warp, using my own hand for the shuttle, and as Queequeg, standing sideways, ever and anon slid his heavy oaken sword between the threads, and idly looking off upon the water, carelessly and unthinkingly drove home every yarn: I say so strange a dreaminess did there then reign all over the ship and all over the sea, only broken by the intermitting dull sound of the sword, that it seemed as if this were the Loom of Time, and I myself were a shuttle mechanically weaving and weaving away at the Fates.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But at this critical instant a sudden exclamation was heard that took every eye from the whale. With a start all glared at dark Ahab, who was surrounded by five dusky phantoms that seemed fresh formed out of air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 cool to introduce charachters halfway through the book. Emphasizing ahabs madness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 exordium\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pull, pull, my fine hearts-alive; pull, my children; pull, my little ones,\u8221\'94 drawlingly and soothingly sighed Stubb to his crew, some of whom still showed signs of uneasiness. \u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you break your backbones, my boys? What is it you stare at? Those chaps in yonder boat? Tut! They are only five more hands come to help us\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 never mind from where\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the more the merrier. Pull, then, do pull; never mind the brimstone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 devils are good fellows enough. So, so; there you are now; that\u8217\'92s the stroke for a thousand pounds; that\u8217\'92s the stroke to sweep the stakes! Hurrah for the gold cup of sperm oil, my heroes! Three cheers, men\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all hearts alive! Easy, easy; don\u8217\'92t be in a hurry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t be in a hurry. Why don\u8217\'92t you snap your oars, you rascals? Bite something, you dogs! So, so, so, then:\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 softly, softly! That\u8217\'92s it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s it! long and strong. Give way there, give way! The devil fetch ye, ye ragamuffin rapscallions; ye are all asleep. Stop snoring, ye sleepers, and pull. Pull, will ye? pull, can\u8217\'92t ye? pull, won\u8217\'92t ye? Why in the name of gudgeons and ginger-cakes don\u8217\'92t ye pull?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pull and break something! pull, and start your eyes out! Here!\u8221\'94 whipping out the sharp knife from his girdle; \u8220\'93every mother\u8217\'92s son of ye draw his knife, and pull with the blade between his teeth. That\u8217\'92s it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s it. Now ye do something; that looks like it, my steel-bits. Start her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 start her, my silver-spoons! Start her, marling-spikes!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Stubb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exordium to his crew is given here at large, because he had rather a peculiar way of talking to them in general, and especially in inculcating the religion of rowing. But you must not suppose from this specimen of his sermonizings that he ever flew into downright passions with his congregation. Not at all; and therein consisted his chief peculiarity. He would say the most terrific things to his crew, in a tone so strangely compounded of fun and fury, and the fury seemed so calculated merely as a spice to the fun, that no oarsman could hear such queer invocations without pulling for dear life, and yet pulling for the mere joke of the thing. Besides he all the time looked so easy and indolent himself, so loungingly managed his steering-oar, and so broadly gaped\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 open-mouthed at times\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that the mere sight of such a yawning commander, by sheer force of contrast, acted like a charm upon the crew. Then again, Stubb was one of those odd sort of humorists, whose jollity is sometimes so curiously ambiguous, as to put all inferiors on their guard in the matter of obeying them.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But what the devil are you hurrying about? Softly, softly, and steadily, my men. Only pull, and keep pulling; nothing more. Crack all your backbones, and bite your knives in two\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all. Take it easy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why don\u8217\'92t ye take it easy, I say, and burst all your livers and lungs!\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 captain say all kinds of motivation all at once in hopes of motivating all kinds of men.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Not the raw recruit, marching from the bosom of his wife into the fever heat of his first battle; not the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ghost encountering the first unknown phantom in the other world;\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 neither of these can feel stranger and stronger emotions than that man does, who for the first time finds himself pulling into the charmed, churned circle of the hunted sperm whale.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dancing white water made by the chase was now becoming more and more visible, owing to the increasing darkness of the dun cloud-shadows flung upon the sea. The jets of vapor no longer blended, but tilted everywhere to right and left; the whales seemed separating their wakes. The boats were pulled more apart; Starbuck giving chase to three whales running dead to leeward. Our sail was now set, and, with the still rising wind, we rushed along; the boat going with such madness through the water, that the lee oars could scarcely be worked rapidly enough to escape being torn from the row-locks.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The oars were useless as propellers, performing now the office of life-preservers. So, cutting the lashing of the waterproof match keg, after many failures Starbuck contrived to ignite the lamp in the lantern; then stretching it on a waif pole, handed it to Queequeg as the standard-bearer of this forlorn hope. There, then, he sat, holding up that imbecile candle in the heart of that almighty forlornness. There, then, he sat, the sign and symbol of a man without faith, hopelessly holding up hope in the midst of despair.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There are certain queer times and occasions in this strange mixed affair we call life when a man takes this whole universe for a vast practical joke, though the wit thereof he but dimly discerns, and more than suspects that the joke is at nobody\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expense but his own. However, nothing dispirits, and nothing seems worth while disputing. He bolts down all events, all creeds, and beliefs, and persuasions, all hard things visible and invisible, never mind how knobby; as an ostrich of potent digestion gobbles down bullets and gun flints. And as for small difficulties and worryings, prospects of sudden disaster, peril of life and limb; all these, and death itself, seem to him only sly, good-natured hits, and jolly punches in the side bestowed by the unseen and unaccountable old joker. That odd sort of wayward mood I am speaking of, comes over a man only in some time of extreme tribulation; it comes in the very midst of his earnestness, so that what just before might have seemed to him a thing most momentous, now seems but a part of the general joke. There is nothing like the perils of whaling to breed this free and easy sort of genial, desperado philosophy; and with it I now regarded this whole voyage of the Pequod, and the great White Whale its object.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Queequeg,\u8221\'94 said I, when they had dragged me, the last man, to the deck, and I was still shaking myself in my jacket to fling off the water; \u8220\'93Queequeg, my fine friend, does this sort of thing often happen?\u8221\'94 Without much emotion, though soaked through just like me, he gave me to understand that such things did often happen.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t show the rescue, they\u8217\'92re just there.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t you twist that smaller?\u8221\'94 said Flask. \u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s the law. I should like to see a boat\u8217\'92s crew backing water up to a whale face foremost. Ha, ha! the whale would give them squint for squint, mind that!\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Walking the deck with quick, side-lunging strides, Ahab commanded the t\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92gallant sails and royals to be set, and every stunsail spread. The best man in the ship must take the helm. Then, with every mast-head manned, the piled-up craft rolled down before the wind. The strange, upheaving, lifting tendency of the taffrail breeze filling the hollows of so many sails, made the buoyant, hovering deck to feel like air beneath the feet; while still she rushed along, as if two antagonistic influences were struggling in her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one to mount direct to heaven, the other to drive yawingly to some horizontal goal. And had you watched Ahab\u8217\'92s face that night, you would have thought that in him also two different things were warring. While his one live leg made lively echoes along the deck, every stroke of his dead limb sounded like a coffin-tap. On life and death this old man walked. But though the ship so swiftly sped, and though from every eye, like arrows, the eager glances shot, yet the silvery jet was no more seen that night. Every sailor swore he saw it once, but not a second time.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}