{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It should say something about the Hrkan world that there exists a thing more popular than Solraheen. In principle, nothing is greater than their god, yet there are more paintings, engravings, and sculptures depicting conquering heroes then there is iconography depicting Solraheen. The conquering hero is the genre of the age and ages past, and Hrkan lords have used it to insert themselves into every battle, real or imagined. In Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s age, the age of the oil painting, these conquering heroes took on color and realness, images so real that it almost becomes impossible to dispute the facts presented on the canvas. The Hrkan Lord towers above the melee, slaughtering enemies underfoot as he marches at the head of an army ten-thousand strong. The gleam in his eye is as lively as a reflection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In these works, scale is critical. Scale humbles the viewer. A battle must be stretched out on a canvas twelve feet wide and six feet tall at the very least. The amount of detail - the armies arrayed on the battle plain, the swarm of men, all those heads, faces, figures, and flags - there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s so much time spent on working out the complex composition, so much detail there to paint, that it takes a whole guild of artists working day and night to complete the piece before the Lord who commissions it loses interest. If he loses interest, the money dries up. And the fact that a Lord is even able to lose interest shows that these works don\u8217\'92t do what the form was meant to do. At best, they\u8217\'92re prestige pieces, only ever seen by the wealthy, but the image of the conquering hero, in its primordial form, is meant to be seen by someone else altogether - it\u8217\'92s meant to be seen by the poor and wretched masses who dare to not submit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As such, the piece which defines the genre, the conquering hero which has, for ages, instilled awe and unstied fear in the outland tribesman, gotten him to take up the yoke which plows the furrow for true Lordship, is, and will always be, the colossal rock relief of Arnaggu. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The relief of Arnaggu is carved into a massive quartz dome monadnock that towers above the Forni plain. The relief itself sits four-hundred feet off the ground, and the battle it depicts stretches across the shaven face of the dome, six-hundred feet wide. There is a hierarchy to the scene, at the bottom, there is a horde of Old Jandri tribesmen, limbs splayed out like flattened lizards, faces fixed in silent screams as they are crushed under the sandals of Arnaggu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s army, an army which can only be described as a tidal wave of men. Arnaggu himself is five times as large as any other. He stands at the apex of the piece, and his upper torso and head is the only part which is carved fully in the round, and so he seems to be stepping out of the rock, his furious gaze is locked on some , the target of a conquest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen saw this relief when he was sixteen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was unimpressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, he felt some prickling sense of awe, but that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what scale does. Make something big enough, it could be as simple as a blocky column, and person standing next to it is bound to feel small. But Mandri had seen Hrkan Princes in the flesh. These not-yet-Lords weren\u8217\'92t much bigger than Mandri himself. Mandri was forced to paint their portraits, these progeny of the great Arnaggu, and he had to paint them five times the size of the real thing, and in so doing, he came to see them for what they were: just as dumb, unreasonable, and obnoxious as any other mammal squirted from the womb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was the lineage given special dispensation to rule?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By Solraheen?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arnaggu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s army might have been ferocious, and the brutality Mandri could believe, but when he looked on the face of Arnaggu he imagined what the real man must have been. No doubt he was small, perhaps frail, and perhaps he kept himself teetering on the edge of barf-drunkeness like many of his distant kin, and in his sober moments he\u8217\'92d be unable or unwilling to comprehend the simplest truth that might challenge his private world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No human being, by God or Nature, was fit to rule over any other. And this Mandri truly believed, until, at last, he saw Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was sitting cross-legged in the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pit cave, taking in the sun, still recovering from being dead, when all the chattering Ayramun went suddenly silent. Some hidden signal had passed between the bandit troop, and these sand-dusted, black-hooded, sun-beaten men and women turned their attention to the tunnel. There, out of the shadows, their leader emerged into the light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram was a giant of a man. Many men get called giants, they simply have to be a }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 whisker}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  bigger than the rest - Ayram was like Arnaggu himself }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stepping out}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  from his rock relief,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and like }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the relief of }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Arnaggu, Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stern, countenance }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 seemed carved from stone. His beady eyes were tucked under thick, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mothy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  brows, and his long, gaunt face was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 sunk }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 in}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to a round,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 loafy, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 cush}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ion of a beard, called an Unky}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  bear}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 d in the Old Jandri style,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  name}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 d}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 from}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  warrior poet}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , who was himself named }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 after }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a mountain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm-hair stood on end, and a weight seemed to press down on his chest. He had to put conscious effort into breathing. His armpits began to sweat. They sweat so profusely that he could feel cold droplets drip down his ribs. He tucked his arms in tight to squelch the tickle, and he wondered what was happening to him. It was as if he\u8217\'92d just swallowed a spicy burgeon. He couldn\u8217\'92t believe that this was all , Perhaps it could}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 be}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a matter of}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 scale. Ayram wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t five-men-tall like Arnaggu, but he }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 was taller than one-and-a-half}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandr}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ameens}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A true giant. And t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he way he moved, his}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  long }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 legs}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  swaddled in black wool stained red with sand, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 swinging}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in a loping gait,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the same as a normal human being. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for the human head sprouting out of the mass of robes, Mandri would have thought Ayram was a beast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thus, for the first time ever, Mandri saw a leader of men and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wonder how he\u8217\'92d coerced his followers into it. Ayram was a conquering hero in the the fashion of old, and true to the form, the man carried the body of a conquered wretch under his arm - a wretch none other than the pale and misshapen Mazyd Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Set against Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bronzed skin and giant frame, Obo was so pale and so small that he looked like a wriggling fish. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 tossed Obo into the sand in the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 center of the pit,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and all the Ayramun scattered about, forming a distant circle around their captive creature.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They stared at Obo like a pack of trained dogs waiting for their master to divide the meal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Ayram spoke. His voice was exactly what Mandri was expecting: deep and resonant, the sound stretching out like because it took so much longer to escape from his cavernous chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shouted, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The aged witch}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  called}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Elrahet st}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ood up}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  keeping her}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 face downcast }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 in }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 deference}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  With her spine as bowed as it was, she barely came up to Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s waist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, my lord?\u8221\'94 she croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fetch Purl}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But, my lord...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 gave his witch a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  sidelong glance}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and though the witch couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see it, Mandri could knew that she felt it, and so }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet assented,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  then }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 shuffled on into the tunnel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  from which Ayram had just come}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next came s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ilence}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ll eyes on Mazyd}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Obo}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 yet }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo seemed at ease.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He looked from person to person, provoking their, . He chuckled at some private thought, and rubbed away the sand which had splashed onto his brow, threatening his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then took one last look at the gathered throng and said, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps I should stand so you all can get a better look at what the lives of your friends has bought you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one said a word at this provocation. There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even a grunt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stood up. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 H}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 e presented himself, arms wide, for all the Ayramun to see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those people in the ravine, t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hey were your friends, no? Your family, perhaps? }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he ones I disintegrated with Sunfire?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 S}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ilence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 looked to Ayram, tried to divine what what stirring behind that shaded brow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 turned to Ayram, and addressed him individually.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo said, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am sometimes blind to the subtleties of human emotion. I would have thought that the friends of people whom I\u8217\'92ve killed wouldn\u8217\'92t be s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 tanding}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  here like a bunch of weak-kneed lamb.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram puffs up next to mazyd. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You want to meet justice}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is what you people do out here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is it not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Pull me apart, limb from limb?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A white smile cracked out from under Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bushy beard, and he chuckled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to need your limbs,\u8221\'94 he said.\line \tab \u8220\'93Am I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Y}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ou can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t kneel without }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 knees}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram laughed at his own little quip. It was a hearty, inviting laugh}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the rest of the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 yramun}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  laughed too,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  mirroring }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 their Lord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 emotions}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  like a gaggle of hens}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd Obo remained unfazed. If he was perturbed, it was because as if it were Ayram who didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t appreciate the full of the situation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said, voice springing sharply, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to kneel before you? }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 That}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  i}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  why you threw}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  away the lives of your people? I counted fifty-two. Fifty-two lives for my obeisance?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fifty-five lives}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Ayram corrected.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And we both know that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that many}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  - not to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a creature like you. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve seen you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mazydai}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  slaughter thousands.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram crossed his arms. His easy smile disappeared, and he fixed Mazyd Obo in his gaze like . Said he,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  know what you are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 know what you are.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You Mazydai are }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sparkless. Hollow. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 uppet}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . You may talk like a man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  but}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d sooner be offended by the sound of a pebble scratching sand.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All the same,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Obo said, \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I will not kneel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 who responded in turn. Her gravelly voice came echoing out of the tunnel from behind Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Y}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ou\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll kneel before }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 our Lord}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  creature, and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be glad to do it, too!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted to the tunnel. There, the old Elrahet came shuffling out into sun, and leaning into her shoulder was a Jandri girl, same age as Mandri, but significantly worse off. She wrapped in rags, and a mottled canvas cloak hid most of her from view. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The witch led her along, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 slow and deliberate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  because the girl was clearly drugged - or drunk. To Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes she seemed drunk because she walked with that familiar shuffling gait that\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  spotted}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  with awkward half-steps to avert falls that }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wouldn}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 have come}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  otherwise. Purl would have fallen twice over if Elrahet was not there to steady her. Old as Elrahet was, she }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  possessed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a wiry strength.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they moved a little closer, into the full sunlight, it became clear that the}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  girl was in a great deal of pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She tried not to show it. Her face, troubled by tousled hair and a lack of sleep, was set in a stony resolve, yet }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 every step risked a full body grimace}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . By the grace of the drink or drugs she kept it out of her face, so instead the pain emptied out of her right arm which was digging into Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s formless mass with a grip that seemed it could throttle a horse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri searched Purl over for some sign of whatever grievous wound she was carrying but could find none. Whatever it was, it was hidden under th}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 e canvas cloak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  stepped over to the pair and pulled Elrahet away from the girl}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he said the girl}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 t is time}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , Purl. Now is your moment.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  face was pale, which is no small thing for a Jandri girl reddened by sun. Her eyes perked up when she noticed Mazyd}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Obo standing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  there }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 before her.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A dark scowl spread across her face like a storm rolling in. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Command the Mazyd to kneel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A girl who needed no prodding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl straightened her back, with all the authority and snarl of a young Junkite Queen, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd O}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 b}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 o did not move. Instead he looked from Purl, to Elrahet, to Ayram, and said, \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, could you say that again? I didn\u8217\'92t quite catch your meaning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 kneel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 !}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A tense}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ness}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in the air. Tenseness in the back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come now}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Obo said. \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you could command me, you could do it with a whisper.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl c}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 asts aside }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 her canvas cloak}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 straightened her back to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 guttural }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 shout}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93KNE}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 E}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 L!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shout e}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 choe}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 d}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ar}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ound the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 pit, and when into the tunnel behind}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air between them , and Mandri was startled to see springlets of sand between them jump into the air. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A force }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 pushing }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 down o}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 n}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  but he resists it.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But he resisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stood up as straight as girl }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost!\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl wobble}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 d}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , then collapse}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 d }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to her knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, is that what you wanted me to do?\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet rushes to collect her}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  amor}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 strolled over }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to Mazyd O}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 b}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 o.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you not kneeling?\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  he asked}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet intrudes \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My lord, Ayram. Purl has not yet recovered from the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 cut}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram turned round and looked down at the two women.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She looks recovered to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My Lord, she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  be able to command the creature. She }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 requires}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  time, that is all.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram ignore}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 d }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 her}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and turned again to face Mazyd Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He repeated his question. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why aren\u8217\'92t you kneeling}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd stunned by stupidity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not kneeling because I don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t listen to this abomination}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Elrahet shouted. \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 can control it}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . She just needs time. I said }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 she -\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram smacks her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet gathers purl up and carries her back into the shadows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is not often that I find myself confused, creature, but if you are not bound to the girl\u8217\'92s will,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  if she can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get you to kneel, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 then why have}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 n\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t filled this pit with sunfire and burned us to Shis}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  am not bound }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 to}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  her will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , I am bound }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 by}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is no}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  difference.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93you may, let me retrace the steps that led us to present circumstances. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Please correct me at any point if I am wrong}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . First, you people ambush }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 my column }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 with a view to capturing me alive. Ordinarily, capturing }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a Mazyd}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  alive would mean certain death because I could, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 as you suggest}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , simply open my mouth and burn my captors alive. You meant to put off this fate by fiddling with my insides. You cut open my chest, removed my Minder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip from my heart, then replaced it with that poor girl\u8217\'92s dainty hand. Now, I don\u8217\'92t know how you could have acquired the knowledge necessary to perform such an operation and simultaneously not know what it is, precisely, that a Minder does, yet here you are, expecting the girl to be able to control my actions. Contrary to popular belief, that is not what a Minder does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence, Ayram studying him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now is when you are supposed to ask, \u8216\'91What is a Minder supposed to be able to do?\u8217\'92. The answer is simple: a Minder can\u8217\'92t command me, they can only stop me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You speak nonsense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the difference between commanding you to kneel, and stopping you from standing? There is no difference. Kneel, or stop standing, I don\u8217\'92t care which, just do what the girl commands. Purl}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 !}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 C}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ommand the creature to stop standing.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stunned by the simplicity of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me try a metaphor to illustrate the fact that there is an appreciable difference}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  merely semantic, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 but}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is mechanical in nature.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speak plainly}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  or I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll stuff}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo bringing his body into it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Mazyd, such as myself, is like a dog on a leash. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dog has a master who holds the leash; a Mazyd has a }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Minder}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  who holds that leash. The skill}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the strength of will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of the Minder }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 determines}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  how much slack is on the leash. Minders are trained from birth to will my kind. Your girl, Purl, her will is weak. Her mind is weak. She can only stop.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl draws a dagger and rushes Mazyd Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A blade? A threat of violence? Is this what passes for persuasion amongst you Ayramun? It might make puppies of this lot,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Ayram,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  but I am a different breed.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl pushes the sword up to his neck. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tenseness as ayram expects mazyd to move, but he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pushes the tip in. Mazyd still doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92ve mistaken me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , girl,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  for a creature who feels pain.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You may not feel pain, but I\u8217\'92ll feel pleasure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sticks it in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am of half a mind to let her finish the job. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If she can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t control you, then I have no use for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This may be a revolutionary idea in this part of the world, but there is such a thing as peaceful coercion. You have something I want, and I, clearly, have something you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram pulls the sword out of his neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A little give and take, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few chuckles in the crowd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It may feel like a betrayal to give me anything under }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  circumstances, but as you say, I am merely a puppet. A hollow vessel. A thing. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the Hrkan Lords you despise, not me. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am a tool, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want freedom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I do, but I know that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be an honest}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  trade. If it is only a knee you desire, then I will take something small in return. A token gift to demonstrate th}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 at a state}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of goodwill}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  can exist between us}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Give me a mouthful of water and I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  wi}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ll kneel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Kneeling isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t beneath me. I will grovel, if you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram steps over to corner of cave. Grabs a sack of water. Brings it over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know you creatures needed water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t. This is about}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  demonstrating a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  principle}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  I am not asking for water so much as}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  asking for}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a sign of your willingness to cooperate.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You first, then}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Give us a gesture of goodwill. To demonstrate the principle.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd gets on his knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram holds the skin up, gestures with his elbow for Mazyd Obo to open his mouth. Opens his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram pours the water into the earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayramun laugh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evil shall find no succor}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in my land}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your land?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you so that you think the reach of your Hrkan Lords extends out here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m starting to think that you people don\u8217\'92t know }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 what }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve gotten yourselves into.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been killing Hrks since I was a child. And here I\u8217\'92ve caught one of the mighty Mazydai. You can\u8217\'92t threaten me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Curious. I wonder, how do you plan to deal with my Shadow?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your shadow?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. If you\u8217\'92ve caught a Mazyd, you surely have some plan in place to deal with a Mazyd\u8217\'92s Shadow - a Mazydariga.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think the Hrkan Lords would create a thing like me, imbue me with intelligence, fill me with the most destructive magic in existence, without first having devised a way of putting me down should I ever escape the leash?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This Shadow, this Riga, can hunt you down?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It can. It is drawn to me like a fly is drawn to flame.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  coming to rescue me. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  coming to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 erase any trace of my existence, and given that you, Ayram, are wrapped up in that, that includes you. That includes all of you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have been tangling with Hrkan soldiers nigh on }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 thir}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ty years. We Ayramun can handle ourselves.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You number twenty-something.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A Mazydariga heads a column a hundred strong}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto, how many Hrks have you killed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Over two-hundred.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All at once?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Know how many I\u8217\'92ve killed, creature?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure it\u8217\'92s beyond counting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Riga alone will end you all.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Theyre dumb, they don\u8217\'92t live very long. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tell me the difference between a cut and a slice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A cut is shallow, a slice is deep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wrong! A cut has three lettters, slice has five.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram makes a show of looking for the shade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My Shade is not in this pit. it is three miles to north, marching at the head of a hundred men.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks don\u8217\'92t have a clue where we are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better get on the move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}