{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry. I\u8217\'92m sorry. There is a subtlety to emotional expression that I haven\u8217\'92t quite mastered. Sometimes an emotion morphs and changes and it seems like you humans are stumbling through your feelings with every new word.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Napoleon borodino - we can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t feed all these soldiers, got to get some of them killed. Might as well make them useful while we do it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Look at all these arrows ive managed to destot}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Has no equal. Surpassed by many but no true equal.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He rinses off in mineral water.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Die? No, I didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t die. It was a feint from my organs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rapist soldier recieving child\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mail.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His open mouth a silent scream, }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 the absence more haunting than the real thing.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Like knives from clouds on high.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Falling knives}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Perfidious creature}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Anger isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t an emotion, it\u8217\'92s an outburst of logic.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sting that hits the chest tightens the throat eyes well up and you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to clench and then breath hard to get through it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its funny how a brush with death is forgetten almost as soon as it came. Like an ant that didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t realie the existential threat of the shadow of a foot.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 People don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t get in power by other people, because the new people in power don\u8217\'92t want to be held to the same standard.}}