{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zd3xXp6u9jg"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zd3xXp6u9jg}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thomas Idle vs. Francis Goodchild.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mid 1800\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seamstress working by the light of a single candle goes blind. Eyes swollen. Wages docked if they dropped a single stitch.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Victorian men woke up to the idea that if they died, as sole breadwinner, their sisters/mothers would go poor overnight because few money-making oppportunities for women. The distinction between the deserving and undeserving poor started to become established. Deserving poor were former middle class people who, through no fault of their own, became poor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RObert Martineau - the last day in the Old Home -  man poses for artist friend of a painting where he was a wastrel who gambled away everything and had to sell his house. Bisarrely life followed art, the model inherited the house, and had to sell it - not because of gambling but debt from agri depression.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Samuel Luke Fildes , Applicants for Admission to a casual ward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -great painting - can only stay for one night. Casuals were not to help the poor - they were to reduce the cost of them, get them off the streets and encourage them to work. The conditions inside were specifically designed to be worse than the worse slums. But the poor hated and feared the workhouse so much, there were riots in the north.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry Wallis - The Stonebreaker - henry wallace. - breaking stones for roads. For the destitute it was deadly. The setting sun is fitting finality. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dead. Theres a stoat by his right foot, would only come up to him if he was dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91fallen woman\u8217\'92 a \u8216\'91kept woman\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Untangled skeins of wool.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cat playing with a Bird with a broken wing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Discarded glove.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 William Holman Hunt - The Awakening Conscience- Women were believed to be pure and innocent, like children. Men as a consequence, had to protect them, and the best place for that was in the home. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s looked out into the sunday garden, and she\u8217\'92s seeing God\u8217\'92s work on earth, but the question arises, will she be redeemed, or will she continue on her path.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surgeon counted 185 prostitutes during one walk home from work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 George Frederic Watts - Found Drowned!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A crawler - someone who begs from beggars - crawls from place to place. Many previously middle-class people who had fallen on hard times - wife of a tailor who died. Her aim was to save a few shillings to travel to the hop fields in picking season, to save a few pounds, and with a pound, she could start work again. Get her son\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clothes back from the pawn shop, so he could get a job, and then get a room, and have an address, so she could get a job. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hubert von Herkomer - Hard Times - another symbol hidden the dark clothes. The object - a baby\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face feeding at the breast. A slip of of a letter letting them slep in the casual house. A glint of a blade in the ___. A tablet or scroll. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ralph Hedley - The ballad Seller - cool profession. Rolls up ballads on long scroll tarp.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frank Holl - NewGate, Comitted for Trial - dude is god-tier.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dutch golden age - something like 4 million paitings - estimates of 10 in every home}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Workshops - reubens sent a paitning of lions to an english guy, who gifted it to the king, who returned it saying \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91man\u8217\'92s hand didn\u8217\'92t touch this.\u8217\'92 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Workshop life of Mandrameen}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still -lifes with fish - fish were important. Flowers showed the reach of the empire. Skill of the artist, collecting them like cards. Sometimes the blossoms are damaged, the fruit is over-ripe. This represents the transience of earthly existence. Moral signpost from god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Procurist - matchmaker- madame - hooks up clients with prostitutes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Music excites the passions. The shadow of their hands are merged together on the erotic symbol of the lute.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is estimated that between 1600 and 1700 no less than 5 million paintings were executed in small and large centers of painting, a figure that is even more surprising if you think of the distrust of holy images professed by Calvinism from the very beginning of its spread. \~The wave of iconoclasm it set in motion was so powerful that it cut off the most classic destination of the most significant artistic production. Today, the large churches in Dutch towns still welcome the faithful with bare whitewashed plastered walls, with plain, stark spaces, where there is no indulgence in decoration. Inscriptions and coats of arms may sometimes grace the memorial tablets and sporadic images decorate the balustrades of the galleries, but everything else is strictly image less. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the second place, the Netherlands learned to relate to art is a different way from the other European countries. After the connection of art with courts, monasteries and religious associations had waned, new relations emerged. Increasingly wealthy and numerous\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in Amsterdam alone, the population had grown from 60,000 inhabitants in 1600 to 135,000 in 1640\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and in step with the European nobility, the urban upper class had discovered that paintings were a symbol of power, objects to be collected avidly. On the other hand, Holland was the Mecca of trade and consequently paintings could also become merchandise. Whereas a harsh environment and a landscape indented by wild and impassable mountains made Switzerland practically inaccessible. The level expanses of the Netherlands were crossed by a network of canals that had been dug to regulate the flow of water, but at the same time were extraordinarily effective means of transportation, faster and more practical than any way on land. Until then, trade had been based mainly on spices, textiles and tulip bulbs, but it gradually extended to paintings as well, and that is the reason why many Dutch paintings are not very large. The fact that they were easy to handle and were less bulky made it easier to place them on the market. In the last analysis, that also explains the dissemination on an international scale of seventeenth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8208\'2Dcentury Dutch works and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 unlike, for example, fourteenth\u8208\'2D and fifteenth\u8208\'2Dcentury Italian works\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 their presence in almost every museum collection in the world. They were so successful commercially that, at least until the foundation of municipal museums, there were very few paintings from this period in their homeland. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After years of struggle against Spanish domination, the northern provinces won their independence in 1609. The tremendous industrial and commercial activity that followed made the Netherlands one of the most powerful nations of the world. In the United Provinces most people lived in cities where economic prosperity was widespread and there existed both relatively high religious and social tolerance. The Dutch were exceptionally literate since reading was important in a Protestant society which maintained that the individual must pursue the Bible by himself. Books were published in great numbers and institutes for higher education. This economic and educational background was fundamental for the explosive cultural growth which was to follow. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0  Jan Vermeer and his fellow artists worked in an age when almost every facet of men's lives underwent drastic changes wrought by the war and the violent events accompanying it. Holland emerged from these upheavals as an aggressive, Protestant republic with a capitalistic economy and a bourgeois society. These cultural conditions produced a climate in which artists suddenly flourished like flowers in a hothouse. It was almost as if the war had brought together all the ingredients necessary for the spontaneous generation of an artistic flame. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rebellion that flared after the Counts of Egmont and Hoorn were executed in 1568 had actually started brewing more than a decade earlier. At that time Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor, abdicated; he left Spain and the 17 provinces of the Low Countries to his son, Philip Il. The people of the Lowlands were accustomed enough to outside rule their land had been subjected to foreign intervention since the Middle Ages. They had no quarrel with Charles V, who in the first place was one of them, having been born in Ghent, and who had allowed them a high degree of autonomy in conducting their own affairs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Philip was a different sort of man. Morose, dictatorial, fanatically Catholic, the new King hated the north, and cared for nothing but Spain and his religion. In August 1559, he paid a brief visit to the Lowlands and coldly addressed the territory's notables, the members of the parliamentary States-General. He demanded of the Dutch a three-million-guilder tribute to Spain in addition to the taxes already being paid, suppression of all Protestant sects and submission to his half-sister Margaret, the Duchess of Parma, whom he had made regent of the Lowlands. Philip then bade a hostile farewell to the States-General and set sail for Spain, which he never left again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first effect of Philip's harsh policies, enforced by the Duchess of Parma, was to arouse the Lowlands' Protestants, already inflamed by the anti-Papist preaching of the Calvinists. A wave of religious rebellion swept the country. Crowds attacked Catholic churches with Reformation zeal, threw down statues, and burned and smashed everything connected with the hated priesthood. One English observer said of such a riot that it "looked like hell where were above 1,000 torches brandying and syche a noise! as yf heven and erth had gone together, with fallyng of images and fallyng down of costly works." Before the month-long holocaust was over, vast treasures of medieval art had been destroyed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Spanish answer was brutal and ruthless. In 1567, Philip sent the Duke of Alva and 10,000 troops north to replace the Duchess of Parma, and the years of the "Spanish Fury" followed. Town after town in the Lowlands was besieged, taken and ravaged. Alva executed his mission with a zeal that made him, and by extension all Spaniards, hateful to every Dutchman. He established a court called the "Council of Troubles" to try Netherlanders for heresy and sedition (Dutchmen called it the "Council of Blood"), and it was this court of injustice that sent the Counts of Egmont and Hoorn to their deaths. By 1568 groups of 30, 40 and 50 people at a time were being condemned to die; their property was confiscated by the Crown. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At this point the young nobility of the Lowlands began to take up arms against the oppressor. Later, the resistance to Spain became a democratic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or rather, a bourgeois-revolution; at first, however, it was led by princes and counts. The martyrs Egmont and Hoorn were among these, but the most prominent was Prince William of Orange. William's role is comparable to that played by George Washington 200 years later in the American Colonies: he was by every measure the father of the new republic. He quickly, became the center of resistance in the fight, its voice, its general. He found the money and the troops. William was only 26 when King Philip left for Spain, but was already widely known as a brilliant diplomat and a man of culture as well as a dashing ladies' man. He was heir to the rich possessions of the family of Nassau in Germany.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Philip took over his followers took great pains to protest their continued loyalty to their overlord. Their fight, they stated repeatedly, was not against the Crown but against the tyranny and injustices perpetrated by the representatives of that Crown. (The Dutch national anthem stems from those days, and still contains a line in which William says, "I have always honored the King of Spain.") However, Alva's harshness and the King' s refusal to compromise slowly pushed William toward an ever-more-extreme position. One is again reminded of the course of events leading to the American Revolution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first turning point in the war came in 1574, when the Spanish siege of Leiden was broken by Dutch seagoing guerrilla fighters called Sea Beggars. These were rough and ready mariners who banded into a semi military organization to bedevil the Spaniards wherever they could. Often they were more pirates than guerrillas, harassing peaceful shipping for their own benefit, and even occasionally raiding English coastal towns. William disapproved of their unsavory tactics and only reluctantly recognized them as part of his forces. They were, nevertheless, an effective weapon in the fight against Spain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That the Sea Beggars were able to sail up to Leiden to lift the siege is a dramatic indication of the spirit in which the Dutch fought their rebellion. Leiden is not a port. Normally it is several miles from the sea. But in their dogged defense against the troops of the Duke of Alva, the people of Leiden had opened the dikes and flooded their land to hinder the foe, the Sea Beggars actually sailed in over the fields when they went to Leiden's rescue. Thousands of acres of farm land were spoiled by the flooding, but time and again during the war the Dutch made similar sacrifices such as burning their own crops to aid the fight against the hated Spaniard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Five years after the successful defense of Leiden, eight of the northern provinces-Utrecht, Holland, Zeeland, Guelderland, Overijssel, Friesland, Groaning and Drenthe-signed a treaty called the Union of Utrecht. At the beginning of the war, each Dutch province had fought on its own under the loose control of William of Orange. Now these eight provinces were bound in a "firm union" for the common defense. Two years later they took the final step of rebellion: they abjured the King of Spain as their legal lord. The States General met in 1581 to draw up a document in justification of their moral right to act:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those years also ushered in the Golden Age of art, with the first paintings from the easels of Frans Hals, Hercules Seghers and Hendrick Avercamp. In fact, so closely did the birth of the new school of painting coincide with the birth of the nation that a French art historian has remarked that it was as if "the right to having a free and national school of painting had been part of the stipulations of the treaty of 1609."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This new school of painting was actually a branch of the Flemish art that in earlier centuries had produced such masters as the Van Eycks, Hieronymus Bosch and Pieter Brueghel. But while Flemish masters such as Rubens and Van Dyke continued brilliantly into the seventeenth Century in the traditional vein of European art, the Dutch school moved on its own way toward an ever-more-searching realism, and established itself as a separate stream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The evolution of these two schools of painting was clearly related to the political developments of the war. When the eight northern provinces formed their "firm union," they created a permanent division within the Lowlands, drawing a boundary that has stayed much the same to the present day. The southern provinces that did not join the union comprising modern Belgium\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were neither able nor particularly anxious to break their bonds with Catholic Spain. The social system in the south was still feudal, dominated by an aristocracy that was largely French-speaking and not nationally oriented. What Protestants there were in: the south fled north many of these were businessmen from Antwerp, and their loss debilitated the southern provinces as much as did the continued Spanish occupation there. It would be two centuries before Belgium emerged as a stable, independent nation.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The artists, now completely reliant on the private citizen's patronage, responded to his demands with an energy and genius that more than matched the vigor and imagination of the merchants themselves. The result was not only a vivid portrait of a nation and a time but a brilliant chapter in art history as well. From the pictorial record left by this artistic outburst, as well as tram accounts of contemporary writers, a clear image emerges of what life was like far the country's middle classes amidst all the fighting, trading and speculating. After 1600, there was very little left of the aristocratic way of life in the United Provinces. The new republican society had shun itself of its worldly and ecclesiastic princes. The House of Orange maintained a small court at The Hague which boasted a coterie of elegant, French-speaking, dueling gallants; but the general tenor of life was set by the merchants. There were few visible class distinctions among these men and their houses reflected their simple tastes.}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0  Ostentation went against the grain-because they were Protestants, because they had just emerged tram the austerity of the war and because their business ventures by their very nature were highly speculative\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and a man's house, like the things in it, was an investment that he might have to dispose of at any moment.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  So the furniture of a middle-class house at the beginning of the century was not very different from what would have been found in the late Middle Ages: a few tables, cupboards, a linen closet, several alcove beds built into the walls, a desk. The mantelpiece might be decorated, and the walls of the best room might have wainscoting, but the rest of the rooms were whitewashed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.essentialvermeer.com/dutch-painters/dutch_art/golden_age.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 http://www.essentialvermeer.com/dutch-painters/dutch_art/golden_age.html}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silk satin was regarded as the hardest material to capture because it reflects the light. Ter Borch was the master at painting silk-satin. One of the problems was, inevitable they would move, and the reflections woudl change, and so they would use a mannekin, leaving the flods unchanged for days. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It looks to us as though he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a gentleman who\u8217\'92s just entered a music room. There\u8217\'92s a woman playing a lute, and a man looks on suspiciously. Why suspiciously? Well the dutch would have seen something, there\u8217\'92s a signal taking place between them. The hand gestures. She\u8217\'92s thrusting her thumb between two of her fingers, and he accepts by making a circle with his thumb and forefinger. Women would tease men.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The poulterer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shop - birds and stuff - rabbits.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After 1672, they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sell anything.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sharp Cloud shadow on a billow}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}