{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sheldruub is the Old Jandri word for the final stage of rebirth, characterized by a soothing buzz at the edge of the mind. It is the same word ascribed to the wild slosh of ocean foam that gets beached during a world storm. Such storms can blanket an entire coast six feet deep with salty pale-brown spume. When the storm eventually passes, and the sun shines down, the air becomes saturated with the hiss of an uncountable number of bubbles popping through the course of days. The noise is not loud, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s simply there and it is everywhere, a sound whose source can\u8217\'92t be placed and so it becomes something like the wind, a force of nature, hardly noticed except for when it disappears, and when it does there comes the sight and memory of solid ground\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 though the ground is not the same as it once was, for the storm has ravaged it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandrameen didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice the Sheldruub. He didn\u8217\'92t notice the feeling of his own blood pumping through his veins and tickling his insides. He didn\u8217\'92t notice these things because he was afraid, and he was afraid because his first rekindling thought was that he was dead and that this was the afterlife and that he was a cold corpse floating in a void. The signs were unmistakable. His very bones felt frigid and his whole face was numb\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if his face was there at all. There was the unmistakable putrescence of rotting flesh. Mandri knew the smell well because when he was a child, rats frequently died underneath his tiled floor, and he\u8217\'92d have to endure the smell or sleep outside. The first night he slept outside, a spawn of gilt flies got to him. When he woke up, his whole left cheek was covered in hard red welts the size of fingernails, and since the other half of him had been safely nestled in his pillow he looked like he\u8217\'92d been slapped in the face by disease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The smell of rot was always upsetting, especially now, because, presumably, that smell was coming from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And he could not move. Dead things do not move, therefore, he was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yet, he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 could}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  breathe. His breath was icy coming out of his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He tried again to move. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if he had legs or arms at all, for he couldn\u8217\'92t truly feel them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was only a general chill where his legs and arms should be. As he was coming to terms with the idea that his mind had been decoupled from his flesh and that all these sensations were phantom memories and that his consciousness was floating somewhere inside his decomposing corpse, his eyes opened. They didn\u8217\'92t open far for they\u8217\'92d been glued shut by the crust of death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was confronted with a low sandstone ceiling above him, a ceiling stained black with soot. It flickered orange in a meager firelight. It was a natural stone, a familiar texture where the rocky surface was smooth, craggy, and porous all at once\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a difficult thing to capture with a brush. And it was a surface unmarred by the clawing rake of chisels, meaning this was no tomb, or mineshaft, or one of those rock-hewn hermit homes that pock the Hias. A cave such as this, Mandri surmised, could only mean that he had been killed, and his body had been borne down to Shis. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could not move his neck, but he could swivel his eyes. The cramped walls of this cave bulged out in places and disappeared into pitch-blackness in others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Surely, this was Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite match his expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri closed his eyes and conjured up an image of the dark earth riddled with pockets of air like this one, each one occupied by a waking corpse like him, each person forced to endure the mire of their own stench for an odd eternity. He found it somehow pleasant, because he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be bothered in a place like that. There\u8217\'92d be no obligations. And since he was already dead, he wouldn\u8217\'92t have to eat, and that meant he didn\u8217\'92t have to worry about where his next meal would come from.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He suddenly had full use of his neck. He looked down at his body and saw that he was wrapped tight in a brown woolen blanket, and he lay flat on a bed of straw. He thought it strange for a place such as Shis to provide simple comforts. He looked to his left, to the source of light in the middle of the floor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a tongue of fire piping up from the bowels of the earth, it was, instead, a small flame dancing on a thick flaxen wick which bathed in a shallow clay bowl of tallow. But far from comforting, it was a fright, for its scant orange light licked at a pale and naked creature who lay slumped against the rock on the other side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This pale creature was humanlike, smaller than Mandri, and it lay on its side, huddled against the cave\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chill. Its odd, stretched anatomy brought a wrinkle to Mandri\u8217\'92s nose, and its skin was smooth and hairless, seemingly burnished to a gloss as if wet, and it was streaked here and there by crusted mud. The ghoul was so skinny that its stringy tendons were almost as strong as its muscles, and its deeply furrowed ribs deepened further with its every breath. Its stomach was grossly distended, and its narrow shoulders were hunched. Mandri supposed the creature was a \u8216\'91him\u8217\'92, but he wasn\u8217\'92t sure, for its groin was completely smooth and lacked any sign of gender. But \u8216\'91he\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91she\u8217\'92 makes no difference when the subject in question was a demon, for that\u8217\'92s what Mandri supposed. That\u8217\'92s the only possible thing it could be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Despite this demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s deformities, its face was smooth and fair, if a little underfed, and its serene expression was couched in generic Hrkan features\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin lips and sad eyes, all in symmetrical and genderless proportions. And it was alive. Its silver eyes were cast down at its chest, studying a grievous wound. Its spider-like finger traced a long line of crude, scabbed-up stitches that ran up the middle of its chest and bent over its heart. Two stitches nearer the middle had burst, leaving a red-lipped slit that exposed a gleaming sternum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why a demon had met such abuse, Mandri was not sure. Perhaps this was a human half-transformed, still suffering through its long punishment. A cell-mate of sorts. A vision of what was in store for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had no doubt he would be tortured as well. And after torture, there would come periods of healing, hence the stitching on the demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest. This all made sense because Shis couldn\u8217\'92t be all-torture all-the-time. There would need to be quiet moments to allow for reflection. And no doubt the torture would fit the crimes he\u8217\'92d committed up on the surface. This creature here had committed a crime of passion. Why else would they cut through to its heart? It also explained the erasure of its genitalia. No doubt this was some Hrkan youth who had succumbed to the passions of temptation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was such a pitiful sight. Mandri might have been scared of it, but the creature didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem capable of moving. It never even looked at Mandri. Eventually it fell asleep, and when it did, Mandri felt at ease enough to close his eyes and try to predict what style torture was in store.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought long and hard about his crimes. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never committed any unshoulderable sins, nothing to warrant being impaled on a spike a thousand times or tossed into a lake of fire. People shamed him for giving up on life, but as far as he knew, that wasn\u8217\'92t explicitly forbidden. Who was he harming? No one. Harming himself? Nonsense. He was only trying to find a bit of peace. He found peace by losing himself in burgeons, but if that was wrong then the blame was on whoever had created burgeons, and that was the gods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t killed himself, so there was that. He used to want to kill himself. He once told a Solitant priest his plans, and the man said he\u8217\'92d kill Mandri with the spoon he was holding if Mandri ever said anything like it again. That made as much sense as threatening to throw someone off a cliff after they\u8217\'92ve threatened to jump.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If Solraheen truly wanted to torture some purity back into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark, then the best way to do it would be to put him right back up there on the surface and surround him with people like that priest. Abusive old folk. Ignorant folk. Plain dumb folk. The vain. Really, everyone in general. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t discriminate when it came to hating people. He himself was a person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was self-hatred a crime against the Spark?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If it was, there could be only one punishment with any poetic significance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would be made to hurt himself. Somehow, this place was going to get him to cut his own throat, or kick his own severed head into a hole. But he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t some penitent pilgrim who took special delight in the cleansing awe of pain, so he\u8217\'92d need some prodding. He might be forced to ingest some mind-controlling substance, or be strapped into an ancient contraption of rust and iron, with knives, chains, and pulleys that could bend his arms against his will and make him flay himself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He tried to bend his arms, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He did have arms wrapped under that brown blanket, for he could sort of feel them now. Then he saw the fingertips of his left hand sticking out from under a blanket fold, and like what happens in a dream, as soon as he saw them, feeling flooded into them. All at once, he had full use of his arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wriggled around to loosen the blanket, and then pulled his left arm free. It was in remarkably good condition for a dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm. He tossed off the rest of the blanket and sat up, and his joints creaked. He was still wearing that white tunic foisted upon him by the man who\u8217\'92d killed him, though it was much muddier than last he remembered. That, presumably, came from the grave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He examined the rest of his body piece by piece, and nothing was black and rotting as he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expected, though he was much dirtier. He made to grab the blanket to cover his legs from the chill, and that\u8217\'92s when he realized his right hand was missing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Completely gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Missing at the wrist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In its place was a weedy brown poultice wrapped around the nub of his forearm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demons had taken his dominant hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His brush-wielding hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The symbolism was unsophisticated\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d rejected his great talent and now he\u8217\'92d lost it all together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel a thing. Not the slightest twinge of pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He regretted the careless remark immediately, for the sound attracted the attention of the ghoul, whose pale eyes studied him with an uncomfortable curiosity. The creature then pushed itself upright, matching Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pose, and suddenly it didn\u8217\'92t seem so helpless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri decided he should look for a way out of this cramped little space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stood up, slow and deliberate, half because he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to make any sudden movements that could be misinterpreted, and half because his muscles simply couldn\u8217\'92t move any faster. He backed up against his side of the cave and his tousled hair brushed against the low ceiling. He felt his way along the sandstone towards the shadows on his right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock in that direction dipped into a little hollow with no way out. So, Mandri shuffled back the other way, to the left, keeping close to the rock, staying as far away as he could from the pale creature who still watched him with intent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s searching fingers found a wide crack in the rock behind him. It seemed to be a dark opening that he could shimmy through, but when he stuck his good arm into it, his fingers butted up against stone. Satisfied that there was no way through, and eager to not have his back exposed in present company, he returned to his brown blanket and straw bed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was only one other direction to explore\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 behind the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right shoulder was a hole in the rock that was wide enough to crawl into. Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes strained to see if it dead-ended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no way out that way,\u8221\'94 the demon said. Its voice was even and clear, shockingly free of the rankling pain it must be feeling from the wound on its chest. \u8220\'93Or I should say, there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  an opening there that leads straight up, but it is not something you can fit through. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m afraid it\u8217\'92s just another cranny for the lizards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lizards?\u8221\'94 The word flew out of Mandri\u8217\'92s mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Lizards,\u8221\'94 the demon said. It pointed up with its delicate hand. There on the ceiling, half-buried in sooty cracks, were a dozen or so black blobs. Mandri took them for some strange fungal growth, and then one of them squeaked and scurried along the ceiling towards the unexplored passageway. Its tiny talons scratched the rock as it went. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pale demon laughed. It was an inviting laugh, and it had an unmistakable Hrkan lilt. Mandri wondered if this half-boy-half-demon still remembered who it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked it straight, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Obo,\u8221\'94 said the creature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pulled his blanket up tight around his shoulders. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you a demon?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo smiled. His smile was bright even in this dim lamplight. Mandri had been expecting fangs, but wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t surprised, for a disarming smile could be as useful for a demon\u8217\'92s purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think I\u8217\'92m a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You deny it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do. I am not a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well you look like a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your body is a perversion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo studied his own gangly self in mock surprise. Then he leaned forward slightly and said, eying Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ruined wrist, \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t look so well yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri drew up his knees and pulled his blanket around them, hiding his whole body underneath. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel fine,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you, by the way? I\u8217\'92ve given you my name, so it\u8217\'92s only fair if you give me yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to tell you my name,\u8221\'94 Mandri said flatly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re under no obligation, but sharing one\u8217\'92s name is a kindly gesture. I think we could both use a friend, considering our circumstances.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what would you do with my name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would call you by it. What else would I do with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had heard stories about what demons did with names. Some outland folk kept their true names hidden even from family for fear of what demons could do if they overheard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about this,\u8221\'94 Obo said. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tell me your name, instead, what utterance should I make to grab your attention?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want you grabbing my attention.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Do you feel threatened by me? What am I going to do? Scuttle over there, and then do what? Bleed on you? I\u8217\'92m too weak. I couldn\u8217\'92t break a twig for a fire.\u8221\'94 Obo rubbed the raw skin around the wound on his chest to belabor the point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Call me what you want,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s only the two of us here, names don\u8217\'92t matter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only the two of us here? Are you sure about that? You missed the lizards, you might have missed something larger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted to the shadows over Obo\u8217\'92s shoulder, suddenly expecting a fanged and snarling something to jump out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo smirked and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, not there. There\u8217\'92s a person sitting on the other side of that crack behind you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That crack ends in stone. I checked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ends in a stone door. You can hear the man snoring, if you don\u8217\'92t believe me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri listened carefully, but he heard nothing. Then Obo started mimicking a snoring sound, his arm directing the pitch in and out, directing Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention towards its steady rhythm. Then Mandri caught it, the faintest of faint sounds sneaking out of the crack in the wall to his left\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 someone was surely there, snoring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our jailer, I suspect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unless a demon\u8217\'92s snore sounds exactly like an underfed Jandri woman who\u8217\'92s chewed too many borcandi spines, then no, not a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can tell all that from the sound of a snore?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Borcandi juice gets phlegmy in the throat. It gives it that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you hear it? It gives the snore that sputtering tune.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo leaned back against the rock. His casual demeanor was at odds with the crude and oozing scar that blotted his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this not Shis?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93Am I not dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 feel }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 dead?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. But who is to say what being dead feels like? If this is death, then death feels much like living, only colder\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so then yes, I do feel dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are not dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was murdered. I remember dying.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That might be true, but at present you are very much alive. In fact, it was your beating heart that woke me up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tugged his blanket even tighter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can hear my heartbeat?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can hear your eyes blink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri instinctively blinked, then he scowled because he felt like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been tricked into it. \u8220\'93Only a demon could hear such a thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92re not a human.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is correct.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am a Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart fluttered at the mention. It actually made a little sense. He remembered seeing a Mazid before, from a distance. It had the same pale white skin, the same slightness of size. But he\u8217\'92d never seen a Mazid naked, and surely the guild of Lords could fleshcraft better than this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you,\u8221\'94 Mandri finally said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazidobo is my full name. To friends, it\u8217\'92s simply, Obo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How would a Mazid end up in Shis?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We wouldn\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s why you\u8217\'92re not in Shis. As you may know, we Mazidai have only a sliver of a Spark, so we cannot die and be carried to the afterlife.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But this feels like Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it not, at least, conceivable that we are not in Shis, that your dead body was found, brought down to this cave in the Sand\u8217\'92s Pitted Portion, and then, through some unknown means, brought back to life?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who could have done all this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The same people who brought me down here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who are they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Outlaws. Bandits who haunt the Junei Pass. My Minder and I were tasked with destroying them, but we were overcome. My Minder was slain, I was captured, and then I was brought down here. They are a brood of thieves I imagine. Zealots of a kind. Other than that, I do not know much about them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Mazid who can hear my eyes blink gets ambushed by a bunch of outland thieves?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not possible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mere incredulity is not a rational argument.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re one of the Mazidai you could prove it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 spit Mazidfire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My ability to breathe that fire is contingent upon my Minder\u8217\'92s mood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said your Minder was killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo pointed to the ragged scar that plagued his chest, and said,  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you see this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To control a Mazid, a Minder must cut off their hand, then place it into the Mazid\u8217\'92s chest so that the hand clutches the heart. And as you can see,\u8221\'94 he dabbed the stitches with a careful finger, \u8220\'93I have been recently bonded to a new Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at his poulticed wrist. Realization dawned, and he imagined his severed hand swimming around some viscous goo inside this creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93Your bloody stump of fingers is fisting my heart.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My hand is inside your chest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should be able to feel it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel a damn thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like that they were talking about him, so he turned the tables. \u8220\'93Do something that only a Mazid can do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aside from spit Mazidfire, the only other thing I can do, that you can\u8217\'92t, is admit when I\u8217\'92m wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Horseshit,\u8221\'94 Mandri groaned. \u8220\'93I know the Mazidai have other powers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can read minds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, we can\u8217\'92t. We are observant, and that catches some people by surprise and they leap to fanciful conclusions. I cannot read your mind, else I wouldn\u8217\'92t wonder why you think a place like this is worthy of the title, \u8216\'91Shis\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would a Sparkless Mazid know about Shis?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you admit that I\u8217\'92m a Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I\u8217\'92m saying that if you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 were}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a Mazid, you wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be wondering about Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would I be doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had no answer. Not that it mattered. At this point, there was nothing that Obo could say or do that could convince Mandri that he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stuck in Shis, and he was about to say as much when he was interrupted by the sound of a muffled argument breaking out from behind the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scooted towards the crack to get a better listen. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make out the words. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you hear them?\u8221\'94 he asked Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are they arguing about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo cocked his ear towards the crack. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evidently our guard is being harassed because she wasn\u8217\'92t supposed to leave us alone. Her defense is that this little cave of ours smells.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92d be right,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, casting an accusing eye at Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry about that,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing I can do. But we should probably stop talking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I think it\u8217\'92s better for both of us if they think I\u8217\'92ve been asleep this whole time. I\u8217\'92d appreciate it if you didn\u8217\'92t give the ruse away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, Obo laid back down and assumed the exact position he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been in when Mandri first saw him. And as soon as Obo closed his eyes, Mandri heard the sound of stone sliding against stone. The heavy block of a door opened, torchlight flooded in, and a short and stout Jandri man bumbled into the cave, hunched over, the flame of his torch licking the ceiling. Behind him came a woman, skinnier, more Hrkan-like, but just as grimy all the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the stout man saw Mandri sitting up, staring at him, he nearly dropped his torch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boy\u8217\'92s awake!\u8221\'94 he shouted. \u8220\'93I told you that could happen!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He slapped the skinny woman in the back of the head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tell Ayram,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m telling Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Nothin\u8217\'92s happened! Look at \u8216\'91im! He\u8217\'92s barely moved.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stout man brought his torch towards Obo, whose act of fitful sleep was quite convincing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 the man said. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t tell. But you\u8217\'92ve got to carry the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine by me,\u8221\'94 said the woman. \u8220\'93Barely weighs more than a pinch of tinder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stomped over to where Obo lay and made a fuss about how there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t enough room to maneuver.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked the stout man, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that really a Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man swung the torch back towards Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, stinging Mandri\u8217\'92s nose with its heat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t talk,\u8221\'94 he said. The torchlight illuminated the man\u8217\'92s untamed face, which was all scarred up, and his wide chin was scraggled up with ugly fuzz. His breath was somehow fouler than the stench of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet!\u8221\'94 the man shouted, and Mandri flinched against the bright specks of spit that flew out from his throat. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t talk!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The skinny woman was much the same, every bit a weather-beaten poke, with dark robes half-ripped and wrapped tight, and her leathery skin was etched with lines which probably lied about her years. Pokes were always much younger than they actually looked. This one leaned into the light and said to Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you flap them lips again, I\u8217\'92ll clip \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stout man chuckled in agreement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it is now. You\u8217\'92re with the Ayramun. And best remember\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 with us, if you break the rules, you get broken. And the rule for you is, you nod or shake your head. That\u8217\'92s all you do, nod or shake. Get it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The skinny woman spat a wad of unspeakable phlegm right onto Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knee. She smiled to herself, then said to Mandri, \u8220\'93What were you doin\u8217\'92 out in that wagon, anyways?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not know how to answer the question by only moving his head. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d be able to answer it with words, as he had no idea what she was talking about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She laughed again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s like a rat in a bucket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will be too if we don\u8217\'92t hurry up,\u8221\'94 said the stouter fellow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The woman pulled Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limp weight up onto her shoulder, and she ferried him out into the darkness. The stout man pulled Mandri up by the collar of his tunic and forced him to follow behind the woman. As Mandri left the cave, he caught a glimmer of Obo\u8217\'92s cheek and he swore he saw the Mazid wink.}}