{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrks chased down every distant sound that skittered through Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s halls. Each man wanted to be the first to kill a demon. They were reckless. Spears clanged against low-hanging lintels. They stumbled into dark rooms, swiping and stabbing without caring what was there. It was a wild surge of frightened fury, such that it seemed they were not soldiers, but a mob. Mandri felt he was being swept along to his own execution.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They terrified him. It was them and the fact that there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 were }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 odd sounds skittering out there in the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri bumped his nose and toes on stone shelves and column footings because he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allowed to hold a torch. The Skulsi assigned to manage him said that he wasn\u8217\'92t allowed to hold a torch because he wasn\u8217\'92t a Hrk. Meanwhile, Moto was allowed a torch; he was swinging it around is if trying to literally beat back the dark. When Mandri pointed this out, his captor\u8217\'92s forehead furled up like a sail rigged with scars, and he struck Mandri across the face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 quick, sharp, and practiced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri attempted to center himself by figuring out who he should blame for all this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle deserved blame. But the man was as much a victim of circumstance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was only one other answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was the only one who appeared unafraid of this loathsome dark. Perhaps because of this, all were drawn to her loathsome presence. She was godlike in her gravity. Indeed it reminded Mandri, and this was not the time for it, but it reminded him of how Solraheen both comforted and terrified. Fear the loving Divine. And all this was true even though Solraheen was dead and Elrahet, that aged witch, was seemingly lost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t right,\u8221\'94 she hissed through clenched teeth as she led the crowd through Shulgi\u8217\'92s winding halls. \u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t right, isn\u8217\'92t right, isn\u8217\'92t right.\u8221\'94 She paused now and again for Moto\u8217\'92s torch to come bobbing up above her shoulder, but it never seemed to illuminate the correct path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Someone yanked on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put your sword away, idiot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even know he had it out. In fact, he forgot he\u8217\'92d had it at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to stab someone,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reluctantly sheathed his blade, and good thing he did, for Elrahet took a sharp turn into a dead end and everyone bumbled into each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get \u8216\'91em off the lead!\u8221\'94 cried one of the nameless Hrkan number. A general murmur of agreement arose, and Pyetle, obviously flustered at having let his authority slip, marched towards Elrahet with a tight-lipped glare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "There had better be a demon in this godforsaken wonder." He brandished his sword. "And it had better be a demon worth killing." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Elrahet refused to reply, an argument erupted over nothing in particular, because each person who spoke seemed to inhabit a different reality. Moto came to Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s defense with a few ideas about where demons preferred to hide. Bald Blank doubted that great demons still existed. One skinny soldier complained about hunger, another the cold, while a meek voice questioned the true origin of demonry, even going so far as to suggest that the sins of all those present were involved. Then he claimed that the demons they sought were hiding inside their own hearts, and a chorus of swears and condemnations swept through the crowd. With effort, Pyetle corralled them all back to the issue of Elrahet\u8217\'92s failure to produce a fearsome beast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri retreated from this flock of idiots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a fine time to rummage about his pockets for his burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He quickly found it, then unstopped its thorn-plug and shook a drop of juice onto his outstretched tongue. He then tried to settle into the thrill of the coming high, but as he found himself in a dark corner of the room, he could not help but wonder why a building so grand should be so dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a simple matter of no one being around to light the lamps because there weren\u8217\'92t any lamp fittings affixed into the walls. This darkness was intentional. And there wasn\u8217\'92t any natural light either, as Shulgi was much too thick in the belly for it. If, as the Solitants say, the purpose of a prison is to help sinners lose themselves, then Shulgi performed that function admirably.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And the building }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  grand. The walls everywhere were adorned with fine etchings stacked in rows from floor to ceiling. Most of these scenes were painted, if faded and cracked, in shades of yellow, white, and ochre. Some were battle scenes, with lines of soldiers and slaves poking each other with spears. There were garden scenes where Old Jandri kings strolled along in quiet contemplation. There were farming scenes of peace and plenty, fields of wheat, and nearer the bottom there were scenes of Shis and horror, where Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brother, Schisol, burned martyrs who screamed as tongues of flame licked their skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It reminded Mandri of a tomb, as it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t uncommon for some rich fart to spend a fortune decorating the inside of his tomb just like this, with row upon row of his life\u8217\'92s events stacked up to the ceiling in a grand display of his own magnanimity. And when his tomb\u8217\'92s door was sealed, no one was allowed to have a look at the story but him. After putrefaction set in, and his eyes were reduced to brown, gooey prunes, then no one was looking. It was a monumental waste of good pigment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a waste here, too. The story etched into the wall didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even have a narrative.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To be fair, Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if he should he read it all bottom to top, or the other way around. Perhaps the structure was more immediate and the stack of a scenes represented some cosmic order. He looked for an event which might strike him as familiar, so that he could orient himself. He skimmed through the various displays of beneficence, torture, growth, and decay until he came to the soft edge of the torchlight. There the light was dim, and it blinked every time the crowd behind was stirred to passion by some bold inflection in Pyetle\u8217\'92s speech. It was there that Mandri found an engraving which depicted the moment of Solraheen\u8217\'92s birth, when He emerged out of the Void. It was a familiar enough device\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an expressionless face floating above a swirl. The difference here was that three ragged grooves marred Solraheen\u8217\'92s brow. Each gash was as wide as two of Mandri\u8217\'92s own fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stone had been raked by the taloned hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri would have gasped if his breath hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been stolen by the Riga. He would have shouted for the others to look at what he\u8217\'92d found. Muzzled as he was, these unrealized impulses crashed around inside him and made him mad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Across the room, a flurry of accusations flared up again. The final blow came when Pyetle demanded clear evidence of their quarry. Moto, indomitable Moto, assumed a loud posture and began to lie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw a demon at the end of the hall!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which hall?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Behind you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nonsense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sense or no, I saw it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You failed to mention this until now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew you wouldn\u8217\'92t believe me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Having had enough, Mandri slapped the wall as hard as he could. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The loud smack of his skin against stone caught the Hrks off-guard. Those nearest jumped in fright and crashed against their comrades. Some fell, and a few loosed spears clanked against the ground before settling into a strolling chime as they rolled in arcs atop the uneven floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But it was only Mandri standing there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Out came a swarm of curses sealed by spit. A cloud of indignation grew until punctured by the outstretched arm of a tall soldier who pointed at the etchings on the wall, at Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s troubled brow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s true!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at what!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Each Hrkan eye went wide as they recognized the mark of the beast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was soon surrounded by a crowd of excited faces haloed by torchlight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out of the way!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted as he elbowed his way in. He graciously shoved Mandri aside, then studied Solraheen\u8217\'92s defacement with his own critical eye. He held his hand up against the wall and splayed his fingers so that they settled in the monstrous scrape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So it is,\u8221\'94 he said reluctantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stepped out of his shadow, startling everyone with her sudden appearance. She eyed the wall with contempt, then directed her ire to the circle of astonished men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No more mewling!\u8221\'94 she growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stole a torch from an absent minded soldier and swept it side to side so as to move the crowd of white-cloaks out of her path. Once through, Moto and Moteah were quick to her side. Together they practically flew into the dark, leaving the bewildered Hrks to gawk at their fluttering robes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go!\u8221\'94 Pyetle thundered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The band of fighting men recovered their wits and gave chase. Mandri, half-hoping to be forgotten, was yanked into the motion by the scarred Hrk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, torchless, was forced to find his way through a smear of uncertain light. And Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pace was unrelenting. There was no time for him to find his footing, much less appreciate whatever distinguished one hallway from another. Shulgi\u8217\'92s innards were all the same; a maze of painted walls and red sandstone. It seemed the only other defining feature were the many descending stairways. Each was ill-conceived, with each step having it\u8217\'92s own irregular height. Where the steps were short, Mandri\u8217\'92s heels pounded hard, and whenever the next step unexpectedly fell away, his knees locked and jolted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thankfully, the burgeon was starting to settle in. This buoyed his mood. Or rather, it dulled him altogether. Time passed quickly. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t long until he found himself so deep inside the mountain that the stale, dusty smells of earth were strong enough to cut through the wafting torchsmoke. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The one real concern, at this point, was that the walls were closing in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was not yet prepared for the burgeon to distort the world around him. He needed to be standing still for that. Preferably laying down. He hoped that this sense of constriction was real, that the walls really were swelling up, and that the architect who dreamed this place was actually intended to instill in him a sense of being digested. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Distracted by this thought, he crashed into a squared stone column that stood rudely in the middle of the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This pillar of red was smooth and featureless save for a large vertical crack which hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite split the thing in half. This was no ordinary crack. From Mandri\u8217\'92s vantage, it looked like a bit like the stone\u8217\'92s insides were charred, as if hollowed out by fire. And hidden inside, hidden deep inside were several blots of sparkling gold. They peeped out at him like a clutch of nestling chicks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri told himself this was a vision from the burgeon. He knew it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, but assuming it was made things easier. It meant he could move on. He wouldn\u8217\'92t have to think about how this detail tied into Elrahet\u8217\'92s account of the place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But he did have to think about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because what sort of prison burns voids into the stone and invests it with gold?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were pits in the walls, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Was there gold hiding in those as well?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If there were, what kind of people could have resisted the greed?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The hall was narrowing severely now, so that was a mark in the burgeon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s favor. Then he saw how the Hrks were marching single file, so maybe it wasn\u8217\'92t. The walls really were closing in. This ritualistic procession might really be an architectural decision. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How quaint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not that Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s opinion mattered. He wasn\u8217\'92t even sure if it was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 his}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  opinion, as he could feel the god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye burgeon bottling him up. He could sense it searching for a dark place for store him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were pits in the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thumb sized pits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Could he fit inside?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was not a large man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If his body was incinerated and the heat of his flesh dissolved his bones to dust, then he could be compacted, perhaps, down to the size of a thumb. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d become one again with the rock. Because that\u8217\'92s all he was without a Spark imbuing will. That\u8217\'92s all he was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a skeleton of dirt, tensioned by meat, forgetting why it was trying to hide inside a cloak of skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why was Solraheen splitting Sparks to trick dirt into thinking it was people?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Even the question felt malformed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was incompetent. He simply lacked brilliance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And that was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 with}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the God Eye burgeon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85he was a child splashing in the shallows. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Where were the sights he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen before?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The God Eye should be stunning him with visions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were only red stone walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A hustling white cloak in front.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a stomach on the other side of that cloak. A stomach bearing a Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He should be able to see that Spark, if the God Eye was potent. There should be bright, glowing lines tethering that Spark to the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The white cloak swished and flicked as its wearer abruptly stepped aside. This flourish revealed an arched exit which emptied into a monumental expanse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stumbled down a short stone ramp into this humbling void. The immense walls were lost to darkness. The ceiling was absent altogether. The floor was a dark red mirror. His addled mind could not decide whether this was an underground lake of blood, or a glass-like plane of deep-red quartz so finely burnished that he could see his own muddy reflection inside it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could see the outline of his wild hair, his sunken cheek, his skeletal visage. He could not believe it was him. He tried to snuff the vision out with his foot, and the oiled sole of his rubbed-raw shoe squeaked loudly against hard stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The squeak snapped through the vast chamber, sharp and sudden, bouncing from wall to wall, almost growing louder with every echo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everyone froze and glared at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle ambled over, grabbed him by the collar, and held him still. A quick jut of Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bearded chin was enough to marshal the gawking soldiers into a tight ball of spears and jostling elbows. Once readied, Mandri was thrown in with them, and they continued on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They moved slowly now. Exposed. A demon could simply open its eyes, and there they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be, spotlighted by their own torches against the blood-red stone. Mandri cringed in fear as he imagined something rustling would come tearing down from above, but he heard nothing. Their was only the sounds of their padding feet and nervous breathing echoing out and back, as if their own ghosts that were closing in. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was surrounded by tangle of spears. Up above, there was nothing but the dark. And that was the thing; he should see }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 something.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The first time he sipped the god eye burgeon, the dark itself appeared to move. The second time he sipped the burgeon, he saw nothing of the sort, but there were bright Sparks then, and bright lines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps the burgeon revealed something new with every tasting?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Each experience might be tailored to the adapt to mood of the user.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At present, fear was guiding him. And there was slight tingling in his legs. Wonder what vision was in store for him, the torchlight appeared to pull from out of the darkness the most surreal of sights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Above, a knotty branch of sparkling gold emerged from the fog of shadow. It was bent down severely by the weight of a gruesome fruit. Hanging at eye level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A solid mass of golden organs, large as Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own. Golden lungs enfolding a golden liver, stomach, and partial intestinal tract. All of it was compressed together as if sitting in a pelvic girdle and bound by an invisible wrap of skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was beyond the hand of any goldsmith. The veins crawling on the lungs were too numerous and delicate. Every organ was too irregular to have sprung from imagination, every crevice too fine to have been molded by tools.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was a cast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some poor man had his organs gilded and hung from a golden tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were bones stacked on the ground underneath it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a reverential cairn monumented by a skull.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrks could see it, too. They gave it a wide berth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was real.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And there was another, off to the right, an overhanging branch bearing another mass of gilded organs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They walked amidst an orchard of hanging organs and bushes of bone, some of them small enough to have once been children. The air stirred with the hush and fumble of fearful whispers. A few men looked ready to flee, but the inertia of the group kept them moving. They did not stop until they found to the source of this horror, as the golden branches above converged to a single trunk. It was not an orchard, but a tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The skin of this massive trunk of gold was as ragged as the surface slag from }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the belly of a dying furnace}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . In its center was an egg-like void\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the hollowed out remnant of some violent explosion. At the base, there were roots, and these dug down into the quartz, splitting it, blackening and glassing the edges, crumbling bits into sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All stood before this wonder in fearful silence. It was as if Solraheen Himself was suddenly standing there before them, and whatever sins they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d forgotten, were now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle, b, reached out to touch the trunk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet cut him short with a grumble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you desire a memory which will haunt you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle pulled back }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His face screwed up, now in anger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is nothing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is no demon!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Patience, Hrkman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stress of the moment was wearing on Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s round features. The stark torchlight gave his bulging eyes a froggish aspect. It seemed, with all the blood rushing to his head, that he might swell up and croak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Moteah asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is Seb?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whites of Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flashed as he peered over the heads of the Hrks, looking for whoever had just disturbed his peace. Pulled back and asked Slate, \u8220\'93Who is Seb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The grimy woman,\u8221\'94 Slate replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Grimy indeed. Seb had a bothersome that meant it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t possible to miss her in any crowd. But when Mandri looked, sure enough, she wasn\u8217\'92t there. She wasn\u8217\'92t sneaking around behind him, or spitting on one of the golden fruits. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nor were there stray footsteps }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle clearly had no idea who \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the grimy woman\u8217\'92 was referring to. He began to count the Ayramun\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one, two, three, four\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only four, including Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slate!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here, sir.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate stepped nearer to his commander. The two shared a quick word, and Slate pointed an accusing finger towards a gaggle of Skulsi to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left, but he withdrew it quickly. His eye then darted to and fro in widening arcs as he searched for a guilty face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We seem to be missing a man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s countenance cracked and fell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gather the Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt his scalp tighten as the soldiers nearest grabbed him firm. They carried him, dragged him, lined him up next to Moto and Moteah in front of the sacred tree. Elrahet was there as well, of course, scowling at Pyetle as he drew his sword once again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He seemed to make a habit of pulling his sword out for the excitement, then eventually sheathing it unused. A bit of a tease. And the blade was thin, pristine, elegant, more for seeing than sinning, though something in Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes said this time was different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This has gone on long enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d say,\u8221\'94 Slate agreed. \u8220\'93Do it, then be done with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle silenced his right-hand man with a glance. Then he gestured up at the golden boughs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do me the courtesy,\u8221\'94 he said to Elrahet, \u8220\'93of letting me know what this is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have told you already,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man who was always game for a ___ suddenly finding himself not in it the mood for them. unaccustomed to expressing it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose I should make this clear,\u8221\'94 he said as he pointed his sword at Elrahet. \u8220\'93Appreciate the distance between my blade and your stomach\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 my mercy is this short.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He straighted his arm and the tip of the metal tickled Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I keep looking for a reason not to,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know why. It\u8217\'92s not like you could say anything which would save you. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you and your men would only listen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 am}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  listening,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Pyetle said sharply. \u8220\'93If I were not, you would be dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 were}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  listening,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Elrahet snipped, \u8220\'93then you would have heard it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She inclined her head to her left, bidding him too look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen close, for the beast is there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A riffle of excitement stirred through crowd of white cloaks as all eyes turned to face the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was empty save for a few gilded organs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two of these framed a chasm of black, and two more were scattered beyond in fainter light. There were surely more beyond that if the light cared to reach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few skeptical grunts polluted the air, but most of the men were quiet, preserving their breath, it seemed, for screams.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hear something!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet!\u8221\'94 Pyetle hissed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A thought came then to Mandri, a thought bidden by the burgeon, because only a burgeon could bring such a stupid thought up into the sight of mind. His lips soured even as they moved to shape the words: }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 I was wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What was he wrong about?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have any strong opinions about whatever was happening here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What could he possibly be wrong about?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never been wrong before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he had been wrong, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always been the first to correct the error. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Surely there was a demon creeping somewhere in the dark\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was he wrong about that? If so, this odd thought shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel so much like fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He began to sense that this strange admission was, in fact, an inaccurate interpretation of whatever the burgeon was trying to tell him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If this was divine revelation, he was a poor hand at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Such things require focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was too easily distracted by the gleam of torchlight on Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was the sparkle of burgeonsight. It was coming on. He could feel it. That dancing gleam on whetted metal was entrancing. Perhaps more interesting was the way Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand tightened on the hilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man was about to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  something with that sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle took an ominous step towards Elrahet, and behold, what an image of malice he could project. His round, frowning face was about ready to jump right out of his beard. The rest of his body seemed somewhat reluctant, but that face\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He retracted his arm, preparing for a final thrust, but in the form of an ear-splitting scream which came springing from the void\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the lively shriek of a young man dying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 EEEAAAAUUUUUGGH!!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Emphatic and sudden, the scream startled the Hrkan soldiers, buckled Mandri, ruptured thought and spiked nerves, then fled back out into void. Disbelief and horror were exchanged in wide-eyed glances. Then the sprinkle of dust shaken loose from the ceiling could be heard tinkling on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A soldier tucked his spear under his shoulder. This triggered a cascade of spears falling into alignment, all of them pointed towards to origin of the scream. Mandri guessed that whoever was dying out there was less than one hundred yards away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Line up!\u8221\'94 Slate shouted. The taut tendons in his neck seemed about to pop. \u8220\'93Line up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The men lined up into even rows. Pyetle assumed his place in front of them. His fearlessness was matched by Slate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s; the two men looked ready to meet death, or victory, or whatever it is that men like them might see in the . Then Elrahet casually strode past them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop!\u8221\'94 Pyetle commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stopped of her own accord. She hunched over in that liminal gloom, supported by her cane, and peered into the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Or was she listening?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was, indeed, a sound\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a faint echo of a sappy sort of squelching. It brought to mind someone sucking on a burgeon, or perhaps, toothless gums mashed a borcandi spine into strings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb!\u8221\'94 Moto shouted from behind the lines of Hrkan spears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A response rose out of the dark; deep, wheezing, and loud enough to strum Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was not Seb.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93WElllcomeee, witch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ragged voice passed like a wave through the line of Hrkan spears. Even Pyetle was taken aback. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Someone threw a torch over Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head. The flaming stick flew straight, towards the scream, towards the squelching, towards the disembodied voice. It flew for a good forty yards before it clattered onto the floor, trailing flicks of flame. From there it slid some distance yet before coming to a stop at the distant wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Theeey wish to suffer my glory,\u8221\'94 said the haunting voice. \u8220\'93Let themmm!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The air above erupted as fire splashed into enormous bronze braziers hanging by chains. This alone would have been enough to send Mandri the sight of the distant torchlit wall, which was not a wall at all, but a colossal mound of flaking skin warted with bleeding pustules and tags of fat. This swell of flesh was so large that it near plugged the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole horrible thing shook as the rasping voice sounded out again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Behoooold\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 my glory!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole mound of flesh rolled forward to reveal, sticking out of the top like a tiny cork, the torso of an old man. He wore a tattered green robe and his head was crowned with gold. His arms clutched a headless body cloaked in white\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the missing Hrkan soldier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This old king smiled in the brazier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s harsh light, and his smile grew and grew until his snakelike jaw dislocated straight off of his skull. He shoved the Hrk\u8217\'92s lolling neck into his gaping maw. His cheeks stretched beyond reason to accommodate the shoulders. Then he crunched down onto the spine and began to chew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A scream of terror died stillborn in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat, and it fell back into the pit of his stomach as the blackness itself began to move around the edges of the great demon king. Splotches of dark arrayed themselves around his bloated belly. That they were demon roaches the size of dogs. At least ten of them. Human hands sprouted out the ends of their segmented legs. An unholy mix between insect and man, with plated faces and flat, lidless eyes, staring up at the ceiling. Their chitinous jaws gulped the air like fish out of water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hag beetles,\u8221\'94 Elrahet cautioned. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve spines inside their shells.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She took a brave step towards the beast and his bodyguard, then bowed deeply, as if petitioning a Outland King.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greetings, most repugnant king,\u8221\'94 she said in mocking reverence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beetles chirred in a kind of sycophantic furor, while the mass of skin behind them shivered. Up above, the king\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tiny ribcage squeezed its meal down into his bloated stomach. His black tongue licked down the Hrkan\u8217\'92s feet, and with a splintered crack, his jaw snapped back into place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet resolved her reverent bow with a grumble and a tsk of her tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have perverted your flesh, Greskal of the Greskalun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She heaped ridicule upon the name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The putrid king only laughed. His laugh sent a shudder through his whole bloated body, ending in a horrible burp\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ech!\u8221\'94. His mad, blooddripped grin seemed to bend reality. \u8220\'93Poison your mind with names,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Chain your Spaaarks to your bodies with naaames\u8230\'85I am more than any name can bear. Look at me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He leaned forward even further, so that his tiny upper half was grandly framed against the great wall of flesh that was his stomach. Mandri suspected that somewhere under the calloused flabs of skin on the floor were legs, but he doubted this demon king could do much more than lean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am no longer Greskal!\u8221\'94 the beast thundered. \u8220\'93I have become\u8230\'85I have become, becoming itself! Name me, witch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I am the Burshageet!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All gathered were stunned into silence, all save the hag-beetles, who chattered and clicked excitedly, vibrating with their master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think me ugly?\u8221\'94 The Burshageet asked as he grabbed a handful of his own flesh and pulled it, stretching it far beyond the point where human skin would have ripped. That bleb of flesh appeared to have a mind of its own as it wriggled like a squealing piglet. It escaped his grasp and snapped back against his body with a satisfying smack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This uuuglinesss\u8230\'85this is the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Burshageet caressed the welling redness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you see? This flesh is the world into which a Spark is thrown, and I have outgrown it. Don\u8217\'92t you see!? I wear this body as proudly as my crown. These sores announce my virtue. These boils proclaim me divine. OHHhhhh, if you had the sight to see it, you would }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 see}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  it!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The beginning of beauty!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Its end!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He spread his tiny arms against his magnificence, but his smile quickly faded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was bored. She heckled him with a grunt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your wife,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93should have cut out your heart and given it to a truer man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A paroxysmal twitch shuddered through the Burshageet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bulk. The kingly part of him curled in rage. He pointed down at Elrahet and bellowed, \u8220\'93Silence that Spark-ensnaring womb!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A hag beetle dropped from the ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It fell with tremendous speed, shell splitting, revealing a black, insectoid spike which stabbed at Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch deftly stepped aside and the beetle crashed into the floor. Pyetle leaped into action and severed the spike from the dead beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twitching body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Burshageet belched his annoyance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Offer yourselves,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Be joined togetherrr. Know union for once in your miserable lives. Do not fight\u8230\'85At least, do not struggle\u8230\'85stressed meat tastes foulerrr.\u8221\'94 And with the natural grace of a man made king from birth, the Burshageet twirled his scrawny arm, snapped his fingers, then waved his minions onward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sight of these advancing demons caused Mandri to remember his sword. He made sure to stand a little closer to Moto and Moteah, and he was thankful to five lines of Hrkan spears in front of him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Zosan siblings were facing completely the wrong direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He spun around and discovered why\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 five black-shelled, needle beetles from Shis were scurrying down the golden tree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri prayed for Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s protection. He spoke no words, it was a stronger prayer than that. And when he opened his eyes again, the beetles were on the floor. He could see the fine hairs on their arms. He could see the glistening filth gutting up the striations on their shells. He could smell them. He had no use of his lungs but still, he could smell them. It was foul. Pugnacious. Could knock out a pig.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Three hag-beetles jumped\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe it was more, Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure because the rush of bodies, limbs, and s plitting shells blurred his vision beyond bewilderment. At least two jumped straight at Moto, who ducked away, leaving Mandri suddenly exposed to one of these black clicking balls of death.  Before he could raise his sword, Moto pivoted and brought his own blade down on the hag beetle\u8217\'92s back, finding a narrow gap of soft tissue behind the beetle\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This dead beetle, severed head and all, smashed into Mandri and plowed him to the ground, bleeding its black blood all over him. The chittering head tumbled aside, and rest of the body seized up in a powerful convulsion. One of its human-handfeet to slapped Mandri in the jaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had been a long time since Mandri had been slapped like that. It was more of an open handed punch, and it had him seeing stars. A whole galaxy of them. One of these stars was oddly large and uncomfortably close. In appeared to be sitting inside the dead beetle on top of him, fading out from gray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wondered if it were the beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dying Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps that slap had shaken loose the God Eye sight, and he was really in it now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked up at the flowing stellar stream above, and terror surfaced like the corpse of a mouse in a half-eaten stew\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was a horde of Sparked demons, crawling along the ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A great weight pressed down on his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another demon beetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It clambered atop its dead relative. The weight of them both nearly broke him, but the burgeon did inure him to the pain. He was more concerned with the beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twinkling gray Spark, for an iridescent white string twirled out of it, tracing a worrisome curve right over his nose before curiously coming to a stop in the air. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Out of his incomprehension came Moteah, unwary, blindly hurrying towards that dreadful arc of fate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beetle jumped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sudden lurch squeezed a spray of black ooze out of the dead beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, splattering Mandri\u8217\'92s face. He wiped at his eyes, blinked through the sting, and rolled out from under the corpse in time to watch Moteah dodge the leaping beetle\u8217\'92s spike. Then her sword followed its own sweeping arc and tore right through the demon beetle\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri marveled at the carnage\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 eight dead beetles lay strewn about him. One more was on its back, limbs dislocated, unable to right itself. Moteah, Spark bright, swung her sword along another guiding thread. The creature squirmed against her plunging steel, and then its Spark dimmed. Its eight legs and many fingers twitched feebly a moment more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to leave!\u8221\'94 Moteah screamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was long past the point of agreement. Unfortunately, the burgeon was hollowing him out, so his opinion didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count for much. He was being buried under the droning patter of awkward applause as crawling horde of hag beetles naturally slapped their fleshy hands against the stone. And then there was Elrahet, cocooned in radiant threads, just as he\u8217\'92d seen before. The Hrks swarmed around her like shadows, defeating demonic blurs. And then there was the space of}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  blackness between Elrahet and the Burshageet, swelling now with a tide of gray Sparks, glinting slick, and silvery eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ll outshone by the Burshageet himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark was not an star, but a constellation of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shimmering spheres of every size and color, all of them webbed together inside his massive stomach. These lights pulsed, merged, split apart, while some burst into sparkling dust before coalescing into new lines of purpose that stretched out into the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If the Burshageet were not a god, then he was close enough to it. What else but the divine could weave new lines of fate and set the world into motion? And the old beast enjoyed it. The tiny king on top was lost in the throes of some belly-aching fit, laughter reeking of pleasure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A moment!\u8221\'94 he shouted. \u8220\'93We have gifts for allll, if you\u8217\'92d only wait a moment!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His eyes rolled into white and he punched his body hard enough to knock loose some internal blockage. A cosmic wave rolled under his great bulk. Next came a shudder, then another wave, and another shudder, and finally the constellation inside his stomach was pulled and stretched to breaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A glob of red light snapped loose. A boil the size of a wagon wheel burst open. The king above coiled up and screamed a scream so horrifying that Solraheen Himself would have wavered. When the next shudder came, the black cavity ripped wider. Out poured a great red lizard demon slathered in tar, Sparked, it seemed, by fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Half man, it stood on two legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Half keenkedrin, it swished and flicked its razored tail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its black eyes, double lidded, reflected the spectral web of purpose strewn about the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It stretched, straightened up to its full height\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as tall as Ayram. It discovered its arms, ribboned with muscle. Its back, a whip. Its jaw, crammed full of hateful fangs, let loose a purring hiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Steel yourselves!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted, but Mandri\u8217\'92s mind was already crumbling. He could not even piece together his sight. In his eyes, the great red demon appeared to transform into a great red curve. This half-demon-half-transposed abstract shape, appeared at once in front of Pyetle\u8217\'92s face. Then suddenly, the whole beast snapped into being against Slate\u8217\'92s fending spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a crack of wood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demon-thing recoiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It morphed again into blurred wheel of movement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How Pyetle and Slate managed to avoid the swipe of its taloned hand was unclear, for they, too, were plunged into this viscous image where time and space seemed only to be suggestions. Mandri tried to follow the white arcs of fate, but these, too, were drifting into knots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a scream, and a whirling tail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword went flying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man himself was rolling backwards, ducking under a beheading blow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now the whole of the Hrks were inside this sphere. The army of hag beetles were in it, too, jumping and falling into the . The only definable features were the spouts of blood and beetle parts that went spinning out of it. Screams clear, but disjointed from any action. Now and then he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d catch glimpses:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lizard demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lower jaw had been skewered and was hanging off the side of its head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot stamped down on a Hrkan dead, hollowing it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto and Moteah were there in the fray. And then Slate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ribbons of flesh hung down his side, exposing the yellow fat, the red muscle, and three gleaming white ribs that drowned in blood every time that he exhaled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What was he seeing? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What ministered this core-collapsing wonder; the God Eye burgeon, or the Burshageet?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then, of course, there was Elrahet. She was a swirl of white light standing in front of it all. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d drawn her black blade. It\u8217\'92s thin silhouette was stuck in the image like ___. Her hand trembled as she held it high.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That fabled blade, that slice night, she thrust it into her being. It cut right through the shimmering threads, and she pulled down hard. The frayed ends of light splayed out into a tufted cloud, then fell around her like a mist. She emerged from this clad in her usual black robed, leathery self, unharmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She turned and smiled at Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was an easy smile, even motherly. He felt like he could get to know her, really know her as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always known her. He could almost see a young woman hiding under those hoary robes. There was the old woman, too, looking at him like she\u8217\'92d found something she\u8217\'92d lost in youth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was suddenly standing right before her, and somehow, this was not terrifying. She forced him to lock eyes, and as he searched her gaze he found himself wanting to be whatever she wanted him to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Witchery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A damnable spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Or perhaps he could have been this way with anyone if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever dared to look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then a peripheral glimmer caught his eye. A single white thread of purpose trailed out behind the witch. A thread she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d missed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And overhead, a commotion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a hag beetle was climbing down the chain of a burning brazier which hung from the ceiling, causing it to sway. Its swinging splay of light and shadow passed over a dark figure crouching near. When the light passed over again it revealed a smallish someone with a Spark so dim that it was barely there. A third pass of the swinging light made clear the outline of a wiry woman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Who else, but Seb?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb, holding a long knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thread of purpose was connected to its tip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri made to shout, but of course, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He tried to warn Elrahet with a mighty glare, but the witch placed a cold hand upon on his cheek. The chill of her fingertips made him forget about everything. She folded him, again, into her spell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She forced him into her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dewy, dark eyes. Blazing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She folded him into the clarity of her fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Hallucination}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She forced him into her eyes again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dewy, dark eyes. Blazing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Iron-red scleral veins pulsed through her rusted whites}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 folding him into the clarity of her fear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 into her meaning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 like this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 she dropped him onto a bed of spangled ferns}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 she smothered him with sacred wet-breast groans}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 she let him taste the joy of being human}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Bliss}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Clarity again, then a yielding:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 to burgeon addled symmetries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Old Jandri patterns swirling around black irises}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 dissolving into paint on the pad of a finger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ten-hundred millennia ago}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 this history drained into a wash of blue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 blue shifted into a vast and windswept sky}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 sky tessellated into cells with boundaries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 boundaries unfurled to reveal a painted eye}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 each eye, a hollow on the wall of all of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 with corners folding backwards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 into hidden dimensions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 like this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 there came a deleting flash of white}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the sun exploded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a spent hallucination}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now he was back in the swaying dark of Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly. Elrahet was in front of him again, black robed, glassy eyed, and sighing. There was Seb behind her, pulling a blooded blade out of the old witch\u8217\'92s back and quickly disappearing, leaving Mandri to clutch at Elrahet\u8217\'92s falling body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He caught the old witch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm and helped her down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He fumbled with her fluffy robes to try and find the wound, but knew it was useless. He could tell from the absence of breath that she was already dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blade had poked right through. He could see the nakedness of her golden Spark. It lay there, pulsing in her stomach. And behold, one thin thread of purpose sprouted out of it. It was almost invisible, but he could see it because it was tethered to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unaware of what he was doing, he set his lips to her wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sucked her Spark into his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pure divinity sloshed atop his tongue and filled his whole being with ecstasy. The urge to swallow was overwhelming, but he somehow knew this was not what he was supposed to do. He recalled how, after Minting Rock, Elrahet muttered some guttural speech to put his breath back inside his body. It was an Old Jandri spell. Unfortunately, he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know any Old Jandri. He didn\u8217\'92t know any invocations or incantations which might reweave fate, or otherwise direct a Spark to take up residence inside his stomach. The only sacred words that he ever understood were the ones leading into an Solitant prayer he\u8217\'92d heard in youth:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Life is a terror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That was it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could fill in the rest by reasoning through the simple observation that Life kills. Life kills, and it eats what it kills, and for some reason, people fear death. Life even kills itself. It consumes the body, so that it can fuel the Spark, so that it can move the flesh to kill, and eat, and grow all the more, so that there is more of more\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more of the body to consume.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why fear death when he was the one with teeth?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Spark sniffed sustenance. It dripped down the back of his tongue and began to wander around his throat like a worm. It crept down, and down, feeling him out, until at last, it touched his stomach. He gulped. Then his whole being spasmed as Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shimmering Spark became his own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Warmth hummed under his skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Blood surged in his wrists, hissed behind his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His chest expanded to receive an ecstatic breath, and his whole being inflated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Blessed thirst upon him like a .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Terrible hunger wrecked him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tears welled up, much welcomed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His tongue cramped up as something ancient stirred in his throat, the cry before language, the urge of being. And as casually as the sun defeats the night, he opened his mouth and shot a golden beam of Mazidfire into the air. He swiped it in a downwards arc, and all at once twelve hag beetles were cut in half, and as they sizzled and squirmed, his flame ripped through the lizard demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tail, and then, its torso.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Burshageet unleashed a dreadful scream as children were sensibly slaughtered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93AIIIEEEEEEEEEGHHhhhhghghh!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri let loose a powerful bolt of purging fire at this putrid king, but the flame merely splashed against that putrid mound flesh and fizzled, leaving only a blister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Burshageet scream trailed into a tickling laugh, but Mandri resummoned his flame. This time he held it steady. His throat heated up to incandescence. He channeled this roaring heat until it burst through one of the demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great sores. It poured into the stomach, heated the insides, boiled them up until sputtering blobs of super-heated bile splashed out. Up above, a spray of steam blew out of the old king\u8217\'92s throat. When Mandri finished, the beast slumped down and melted into a simmering puddle of its own black spoil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Burshageet was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The many hag beetles still alive clapped their shells tight and went scurrying back into the darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat burned, but the pain was almost welcome.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meanwhile, Moteah collapsed, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 her breath coming in ragged pulls.  Her sword clattered from her fingers. Moto was by her side. Both were unhurt, merely exhausted. The Hrks did not fare so well. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was Proud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But not quite looking at him. They were looking just over his shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned and was stunned to see a giant standing over Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse. A giant with a bread loaf beard. Ayram. Slung over his should was dead child\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Mazidariga. It was clear now that he had escaped to fetch this Riga, to reinvest Mandri with his breath, to give them a fighting chance. But he\u8217\'92d come too late.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He let the Riga drop to the floor. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The body struck the stone with a soft, sickening thud. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram did not much care. He did not even look at the dead Burshageet, or even Mandri, who could end him with nary a breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was dead, and Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, when it came, cracked like thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What have you done?\u8221\'94}}