{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb hated the waiting that came before an ambush, for the future was coming and with it came death or glory. It was hard not to get excited and make expectations. She dreamed of death and glory. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been anticipating this particular chance for weeks. Her expectations were built up so high that they\u8217\'92d gone past giddy excitement and had hardened into a sense of impending doom, such that she felt certain she was going to die. Glory was less certain. She reminded herself that she\u8217\'92d felt this way before in the last ten big ambushes, and she\u8217\'92d always come out alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But there were Ayramun who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been through it twenty times and died on the twenty first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was horrible, this feeling, and being forced to sit with it made it worse to be the ambusher than the ambushee. Travelers in the Sand might be expecting to encounter some gang of hard-up outland pokes, but they expected to live through it or they never would have set out in the first place. Death comes as a surprise for them, and their dread is short lived. It wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be close to what Seb went through. Those people were lucky they died so quickly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then again, maybe they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lucky, because it might be true that the only thing that matters in life is what the mind is like at the exact moment of death, because when the Spark drops out of time, who knows, those last thoughts might be crystallized for all eternity. If one\u8217\'92s last moment is agony then it\u8217\'92s agony forever. Get lucky and it's a deep sleep. Get unlucky, get ambushed in the desert and a sharpened point of iron finds the forehead and scratches the brain, that look of shock and surprise can get fixed on the skull. Sometimes it sets hard as stone. There\u8217\'92s not much comfort in the fact that these terrified faces eventually get wiped away when some gummy mouthed, flat faced lizard waddles in and chews it up, because by that point the Spark is already good and gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And if all that were true, it could happen to Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She could get unlucky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t luck, it was all part of a divine plan, but \u8216\'91luck\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91bad luck\u8217\'92 were just words describing the same thing. Ultimately it didn\u8217\'92t matter what she called it, she worried about it all the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This particular ambush was feeling more risky than most. The plan to take out the Mazid and its Minder had to play out exactly as expected, or else all the Ayramun would be killed. If a Mazid were free to run amok, they would be killed. Without a doubt, killed. A Mazid could wipe out an entire army by itself. And even if they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  take the Mazid down cleanly, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be the fifty to eighty men of unknown prowess that needed killing. If they were Hrkan Skulsi, that would be too much. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fifty-to-eighty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe ninety.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were only forty three Ayramun with fifteen arrows each. Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rule of thumb was that arrows go roughly three-to-one, misses to hits\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 depending, of course, on the skill of the archer. She didn\u8217\'92t have an aptitude for numbers, but it seemed like there weren\u8217\'92t enough arrows. It would be close, and close was dangerous. And their arrows were a kind of shit\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the tips were lizard\u8217\'92s teeth reinforcing a hardwood point. The shafts were a strong, close-grain wood, but that made them too stiff. Bandits don\u8217\'92t live long in the desert if they\u8217\'92re always scraping by, when they\u8217\'92re scraping by with lizard\u8217\'92s teeth they tend to die quite quickly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She knew she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only one worried about it all because the rest of the Ayramun were as quiet as declawed cats. Even the three lizard brothers who never stopped joking around, they were quiet. Ambushes usually weren\u8217\'92t an exception for them. A gold caravan could be passing right by and they\u8217\'92d find fun in risking discovery by tumbling a stone down a rocky slope, or blundering a fart and then claiming later that they couldn\u8217\'92t help it. Even these idiots were keeping low and moving slowly, naught but skinny shadows being whipped to and fro by Moto\u8217\'92s whistled calls though the Junei hills. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was no forgiving horsing around because the rumor was that a Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were as good as Moto\u8217\'92s rock crystal lenses, and a Mazid\u8217\'92s ears were as good as a spade-eared bat. That caravan was close enough now that if a Mazid truly was in their midst then its superfine senses would uncover their trap if they weren\u8217\'92t careful. Despite this, when their troupe came to halt in a narrow valley, Seb dared to climb up the slope and sneak a peek over the crest of the hill. She could just pick out the brownish speck of that caravan against the white of the Junei plain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was trying to gauge the manpower when Moto hissed a whisper at her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb! Get down!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spun around and there was Moto, staring daggers into her. Seb seethed like a lizard caught unawares, then reluctantly ducked back down into the shadow of the valley slope. Moto was the only one allowed to peek out over the hills and down into the spreading plain. He was the only one allowed because he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d said he was the only one allowed. Ayram had given him that authority and Seb couldn\u8217\'92t argue with it. If Ayram were in charge she could maybe wheedle the privilege out of him, but there was no sense in pleading a case to Moto, so Seb slid back down the valley to take up the hiding place that she\u8217\'92d scouted earlier in the day}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a long, narrow valley, steep-sided, and it bowed to the left around a lumpy hill, which was good because the hill would keep their hiding places out of sight until the last moment. Still, Seb would have preferred springing the ambush in the Junei Pass proper like they usually did. Moto insisted on doing it out in the hills on account of, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91everyone expects to be ambushed inside the pass\u8217\'92. Moto insisted that the best thing to do was to mirror the caravan as they made their way across the plain, then meet them in the hills and attack while their eyes were set on the gap in the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb appreciated the logic of it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 work against expectations, but at a certain point the best land for an ambush was the best land for an ambush, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter if the unfortunate knew it was coming. People worried about ambushes in bottlenecks because bottlenecks were the best place to ambush. A valley like this was no true bottleneck. Compared to the vast expanse of the Junei plain, sure, it would do, but the slopes were nowhere near the height or steepness of a mountain shelf. The Hrks could scramble up and over them and maybe escape. It\u8217\'92d be like kicking off the top of an ant hill and all of a sudden it\u8217\'92s a free-for-all in all directions. They\u8217\'92d leave their wagons, but wagons weren\u8217\'92t what the Ayramun were after. And if those boys were Hrkan Skulsi, then the last thing Seb wanted to do was share a slope with them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All this was building up a frightful stress. It was even getting to Moto. The man was peering through his lenses, and his searching eye was so bugged out that he looked like he was seeing straight through the stomach of Solraheen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was close enough to him to hear him whisper, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Curse my Zosan Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Zosans had a cultural habit of being unlucky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Young Papi, a scrawny, short, and excitable lad with a ratty face, was squatting nearby behind a stone. He heard Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s adumbration too, and he asked the man, \u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re changing routes,\u8221\'94 Moto answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re what!?\u8221\'94 Papi squeaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not coming through here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto ducked down from his hilltop sight-spot and he tucked his lenses back in their bag. He sat for a moment, elbows on knees, a perfect picture of contemplation, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They were going to come through here, but now they\u8217\'92re not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They changed directions?\u8221\'94 Papi\u8217\'92s eyes were as wide as the moon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. He was back to brooding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Papi said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they changed direction, then you think they know we\u8217\'92re here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to move,\u8221\'94 Moto repeated as he looked over his shoulder, as if he could see the caravan through the mound of rock. \u8220\'93We need to hop over a few hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Big Rork\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bald, blue-eyed, jug-eared head popped out from behind a boulder to share his opinion on the matter. \u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t move now!\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93The Mazid will see us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can move if we\u8217\'92re careful,\u8221\'94 Moto replied. He flicked his hand in the air as if Rork\u8217\'92s opinion were a fly. \u8220\'93The caravan is still a ways out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s upper lip curled. This wasn\u8217\'92t a natural facial tick, it was something he did because he thought that flashing his teeth made him look fierce. He said, sharply, \u8220\'93If you can see the Mazid, the Mazid can see you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Papi added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should wait for Elrahet\u8217\'92s smoke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of the forty Ayramun were scattered about on either side of the narrow valley, and every one of them was staring up at Moto, Seb, and Rork. None of them below could hear what was being said, but over the years they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d all learned to read body language from afar. Moto was doing a decent job feigning calm, but Papi and Rork\u8217\'92s pained expressions told everyone everything they needed to know. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto picked up his unstrung recurve bow and crawled back up the hilltop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Papi\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Seb called after him. \u8220\'93We should wait for the fog to move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn waiting for that witch!\u8221\'94 Moto cried. \u8220\'93If her shits not here by now, it\u8217\'92s not coming. We need to move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Ayram?\u8221\'94 Papi asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 said Rork. \u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let Ayram worry about Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From across the valley, Skitter whistled to grab everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention. Once their gazes were in hand, she pointed up to the Hias mountains behind. There, drifting out of the dark belly of the Junei Pass, was a gray, wispy mist. It was hardly noticeable, but all the same it was there and it was flooding down into the hills, growing thicker by the moment. Elrahet\u8217\'92s magic was coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The snooty look in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes evaporated. He beckoned Seb up to him, and Seb scurried close. Moto whispered, \u8220\'93That damned fog is going to make it impossible to mirror that caravan. I\u8217\'92m going to get down to the plain to make sure I know exactly which path through the hills they\u8217\'92re taking. I\u8217\'92m putting you in charge until I get back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb nodded. Rork overheard and was less enthused. He left his boulder and squat-walked over. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t do that,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Only Ayram can put someone in charge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care who\u8217\'92s in charge,\u8221\'94 Moto said scornfully. \u8220\'93Just don\u8217\'92t leave this valley. Don\u8217\'92t even think about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t anything in Moto\u8217\'92s words for Rork to argue with, though the wild look in his eyes and the veins spidering out of his shaven skull said he was trying to find it. Rork was a man who was always defending his place in the pecking order. The list of men who could give him short shrift was, itself, short\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was Ayram of course, and then barely Moto. No women. Moteah could probably take him if she wanted to try with a sword, but Rork would never admit it. He had a hard enough time admitting that he\u8217\'92d lose a brawl to Ayram. He\u8217\'92d have to be dead sober, and even then it\u8217\'92d be all, \u8216\'91you never know\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91if things happened like so-and-so\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91if I were mad real proper, I could kill anything\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hateful eye chased Moto as the man scuttled down the valley slope. At the bottom, Moto dusted off his burnt orange robes and then did a glancing head count to make sure all the Ayramun were where they needed to be. He broke his own law of silence by saying out loud, \u8220\'93Alright, you idiots\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sit tight, I\u8217\'92ll be back soon.\u8221\'94 Then he turned and ran, disappearing around the valley bend. He was gone in less time than it took Seb to fish another borcandi spine out from her sleeve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was chewing through her spines at a prodigious rate. Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leaving only made the stress worse. It was never good for discipline when a leader leaves the group, even a much begrudged deputy leader like Moto. Without a man to lead Seb knew it was only a matter of time before someone got a bright idea that needed taming. Seb figured Rork would be the first to act up, because that\u8217\'92s just who he was. Rork rambled back down to his chosen boulder, muttering insults and curses at no one in particular.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Loosen up, Rork\u8221\'94, said Forty. Forty was an older woman with a rascal\u8217\'92s disposition. She playfully twanged her bow at Rork\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mocking shot at his self-importance. Rork sized up this affront with a puffed-out chest, and said, \u8220\'93Big show. Biiiiig show. But you better be careful, Shorty, \u8216\'91cause anything can happen in an ambush. With this mist rolling in, I might not know which way I\u8217\'92m shooting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Same goes for me,\u8221\'94 said Forty, tongue only half-in-cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pipe down, Sol\u8217\'92s sake,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty gave Rork one final fleer, then the two marched apart and settled down to watch Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mist bleed out of the mountains. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The humidity had already reached them, as Seb could smell the pleasant musk of moistened earth. And up in the mountains, the mist was no longer merely a vapor, congealing as it was into a fog magic\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d with purpose, spooling out into slender tendrils that slithered down into the hills. Some of these ropes of fog twirled up into the darkening sky, and there the wind caught them, lifted them higher, and splayed them out like fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A low, rolling drum of distant thunder echoed out from somewhere deep inside the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair play to Elrahet,\u8221\'94 said Papi. Seb agreed. This was shaping up to be Elrahet\u8217\'92s finest bit of belly magic. It was, perhaps, too good. If she could see it, then no doubt a Mazid could see it too. What a Mazid would make of it, she could only guess, and just as it was all starting to coalesce into something resembling a natural cloud of fog, a misty fissure snapped into the sky over the mountain peaks, and from it a herd of storm clouds emerged. They crept out slowly, hesitantly, like cautious cattle out of the pen, but once they were out they began to billow as they fed on the cud of magic that issued forth from the stomach of Elrahet\u8217\'92s sacrificial lizard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two fingers later and these storm clouds were blotting out the sun. Their gray shadows spilled down into the valleys, and not long after that the drifting fog mantled the hill behind Seb and fell upon her. Visibility dropped so low that Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s near-sightedness was no longer an impairment, for no one else could see much further. They all watched the valley bend to the west, even though it was out of sight, for they all expected that at any moment Moto would come jogging back to get them moving again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then it began to rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a sprinkling shower at first, little pricklings on the skin, a light peppering of the sandy rock and clay. Soon the raindrops swelled, and in half-a-hand they were plunking gobs of wet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A bit much, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Papi said as he sheltered his beloved bow with his short brown cape. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t she know I can\u8217\'92t shoot no good in the rain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll stop soon,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rain dribbled off the rocks and stony clay, and where there were depressions and scars in the earth the rain was pitter-pattering puddles into being. These puddles grew into boot-swelling pools that overflowed their banks, and streams poured down the valley slopes, following the run of furrows that ancient rains had been shaping with a gentle hand for a millennia. Seb figured this was more water in one short span than this stretch of desert had seen in twenty years. It brought out the lizards\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or rather pushed them out. A little gray bonbon popped out of the clay right next to Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boot. Its swiveling eye looked mightily confused by the sudden downpour. It was so flustered that it didn\u8217\'92t have time to notice Seb\u8217\'92s heel coming down on its head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb looked over to young Papi. The boy was upset that the wetness had gotten through his layers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Might as well be swimming,\u8221\'94 the boy said. \u8220\'93Damn this goddamn rain!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The curse was hardly out his lips when a gnarled flash of white lightning split through the iron mist above.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CRACKA-BOOM!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A chorus of startled yelps echoed out from the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Papi looked like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d shat himself. \u8220\'93Elrahet\u8217\'92s never conjured more than a mist!\u8221\'94 he squealed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tizm, a gray-scruffed old-timer stationed across the valley grumbled out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That old bitch is gonna get us killed!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Moto?\u8221\'94 came another ragged voice out of the rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Screw that,\u8221\'94 said another. \u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From there the Ayramun began to bicker. The specific charges and insults being thrown across the valley weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t anything new, but the stress and fear had softened everyone up so that the simplest \u8216\'91eat my shit\u8217\'92 cut deep. If it weren\u8217\'92t for the rain dampening their fighting spirit, there might have been a brawl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t begrudge them their bellyaches. They\u8217\'92d been fed a raw meal. None of them were prepared for this kind of weather. The ground under her butt was getting slick and muddy, and if it rained any harder it would be difficult to shoot a bow because the wetter her bowstring got, the more it lost its spring. And there was no telling what a pounding rain would do to an arrow\u8217\'92s flight because Seb had never shot in such conditions. She knew enough to know that it wouldn\u8217\'92t help. For an ambush where everything had to go right, this was downright bad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb began to brood and boil, but she caught herself in the act\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was torturing herself with expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She needed to recenter herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Things weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bad. They weren\u8217\'92t good, either, but they weren\u8217\'92t bad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That kind of thinking, that breaking the world into \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91good\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91bad\u8217\'92, that was a symptom of expectations. The truth was that everything was happening exactly as it was supposed to happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb closed her eyes and thumbed a short chain of bone beads that she kept stashed in her robe, and as she did, she chanted a prayer to try and repress her simmering frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 A well without water}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab \tab is filled with purpose,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab An arrow in the dirt}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab \tab has hit its mark,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab There is no difference}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab \tab below the surface,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab There is no self}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab \tab above the Spark}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She repeated this five, ten times as she drew her shoulders in against the rain. This plunking rain. This purpose-driven rain. The fog, the bickering, these were purposeful too\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to what end, Seb wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure, but now that she was looking for purpose she could sense a great deal of it, and it was brewing something terrible. Yes, the Ayramun were about to intersect with destiny\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but no\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was wrong to say, for destiny is ever-present. They were always intersecting with it. There were no bit-part players here. Poor and ragged as they may seem, these Ayramun were people, and all peoples were descendants of the first man and first woman, an unbroken chain being forged for a millennia. Each soggy, grumpy face was the culmination of a hundred thousand generations of toil, the same generations as the Hrkan Lords themselves, and so each was as important, as Lordly, for if one of them was missing then events would not unfold as they were meant to. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But she shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t privilege the living. If the rock under her feet did not exist then she would not be crouching here, she would be crouching somewhere else, and thus the future, bounded by lines of immanence extending from the present, would wind a different weave. Yes, this very rock was sacred, as all things are sacred, as the dead lizard under her boot was sacred. All things are filled with the Spark\u8217\'92s sacred power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb! Quit your fartin\u8217\'92 about!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The call had come from Rork. He and a few other miserable looking louts were down on the valley floor, straddling either side of a trickling stream that was building up in the middle of the valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s run. Seb was about to chastise them for doing Sol-knows-what when she noticed that Moto had returned and was standing in their midst. Seb leapt to her feet and filtered down the valley slope with the rest of the Ayramun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Down in the valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, Moto face was alight with an excitement that no one shared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong with you people?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re about to bag us a Mazid and you look mad about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tizm, the bent-backed wonder, kicked at the swelling stream and pointed to the sky and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The old bitch has overcooked it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A refrain of agreement rained down. A few voices shushed, then others shushed back. Moto tried to calm them all with plaintive hands, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People. Please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please my ass!\u8221\'94 said Tizm. \u8220\'93This rain is gonna ruin everything!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The rain is perfect,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s got the Hrks hunkered down in a valley finger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks?\u8221\'94 asked Papi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Moto with a wary grin. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Hrks we\u8217\'92re hunting. Hrkan Skulsi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The admission that it was Skulsi, not Blackwood caravan men, sent a wave of discontent rippling through the gathered Ayramun. Moto tried to stem the unease by lying. Seb knew it was a lie because when Moto was working through a big lie he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d smile and whine at the same damn time, like people\u8217\'92s doubting faces were annoying to him. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve gone and lined themselves up against a wall for us,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Jumping them will be the easiest thing in the world, but we\u8217\'92ve got to hurry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Someone on the outer edge of the huddle blurted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this about Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto raised his voice above the rain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Minder and his Mazid didn\u8217\'92t come with a Blackwood caravan. They came with a Hrkan guard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another round of shouting broke out, punctuated by a flustered shout, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They know we\u8217\'92re here! They\u8217\'92ve come for }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 us!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94. Then came another round of shushing and counter-shushing. Moto again tried to calm those gathered with nothing but his frantic hands. In the end he resorted to a sharp whistle, which shut everyone right up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto said sharply, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The fact that it\u8217\'92s Hrks doesn\u8217\'92t change a damned thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bald head stuck up above the huddle like a veiny, boiled egg floating in a stew. He said, \u8220\'93All the better it\u8217\'92s Skulsi! I\u8217\'92d rather kill a Hrk than a Jandri man!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto nodded and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re bedded down like rabbits in a long, straight ravine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The one with all the karkle bushes?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve all got karkle bushes in them,\u8221\'94 Moto replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The valley we\u8217\'92re standing in don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93All we have to do is sneak up and shoot some Hrks. It\u8217\'92ll be the easiest thing in the world. I know it\u8217\'92s raining hard, but I\u8217\'92m not asking you to feather an eye at ten-score yards. With this rain and fog we can get up close. You won\u8217\'92t miss. You can throw stones at them if you want to. You can stuff mud down their throats if you want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram?\u8221\'94 asked another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Frustration flashed across Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face and he shot a beseeching look to the heavens before saying, \u8220\'93This is happening whether Ayram\u8217\'92s here or not. Whether you like it or not. And it\u8217\'92s happening }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 now,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  before this rain and fog let up. Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s get moving!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He turned and pushed his way past a few Ayramun and set off back towards the bend. After the briefest hesitation, Big Rork marched after him, and at his encouragement, everyone else followed. Together they were a small, sad herd of outland pokes, a jumble of soggy wool-wrapped bodies and tired feet slapping the mud beside the building stream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb kept to the back as they eventually climbed up and out of the valley and then crossed over a few others. They tramped through a flooding basin, and all the while Seb eyed the rainy mist with unease, for she could feel providence at work in that mist. Unlike the providence that people pray for and expect, this providence was providing something undesired, Seb was sure of that. Destructidence is what it was. Deathidence. There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an established word for it, which itself was a telling sign of the plundering spirit of the age. People only cared about signs of Solraheen\u8217\'92s plan so long as it was giving them something good. These Ayramun were no different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eventually Gugi found his way to Seb at the back of the wandering troupe. The skinny man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was agog with fear. He clearly wanted to talk, so Seb indulged him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whaddya want?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya know where we headed, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s that cursed ravine, the one where I found those bones!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should say somethin\u8217\'92 to the others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t ever say shit so no one\u8217\'92s gonna listen to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They won\u8217\'92t listen to me either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They would. I would. That ravine is cursed, and people are gonna die if we get down in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said if we moved that body out of that ravine, then the curse would be moved out with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do I know about curses? I was just sayin\u8217\'92 shit. For all I know that curse is what brought this storm and lured them Hrks down in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you tryin\u8217\'92 to get out of payin\u8217\'92 me my spines?\u8221\'94 Seb asked accusingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi spat a wad of borcandi juice right where Seb was stepping, clearly upset that Seb could think about debts in a time like this. Before he could voice that concern, a muted horse\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whinny was heard through the splashing rain. Everyone instinctively crouched down and rushed to the shelter of the nearest sloping mound. They were still a few-score yards away from the ravine where the Hrks were sheltering. Nothing of those troops could be seen through the mist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto raced back down the line of Ayramun to crouch down next to Seb and Gugi. Voice low, he asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two scouted this ravine, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi and Seb both nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anything we should know about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s cursed,\u8221\'94 Gugi blurted out. \u8220\'93We shouldn\u8217\'92t be here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cursed? What do you mean, cursed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This the ravine that had those bones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted, almost laughed, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Screw those bones. I need to know the lay of the land. I can\u8217\'92t see through this damned mist so I don\u8217\'92t know if there\u8217\'92s an easy out for them up on the northern side.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto,\u8221\'94 Gugi said, leaning into his words, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m tellin\u8217\'92 you, this place is cursed. It\u8217\'92s gonna get us killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what? If it\u8217\'92s cursed for us, it\u8217\'92s cursed for them too. Doubly so for them, cause they\u8217\'92re sitting in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but we the ones who found the bones! We the ones that been warned! Not them. Us! Me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto gave up on Gugi and turned to Seb. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there any way in and out of that long stretch that might make it easy for them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb shook her head no. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That stretch is mostly steep. There\u8217\'92s one little nook on the north side that\u8217\'92s kinda like a stair but that\u8217\'92s it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How wide?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not that wide.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto paused to think, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want you two to go back a ways, and cross to the north side where you think it\u8217\'92s safe. Then work your way back down to where that stair is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just us two?\u8221\'94 Gugi asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto turned and motioned towards his sister, Moteah, who was not at all enthused to be at her brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beck and call. Like Moto, she carried herself with an air of authority, though she was even more arrogant about it than her upfront brother, a bit cheeky, considering she was about eight years younger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto looked her square in the eyes, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get Rork and twelve others to follow Seb and Gugi. You\u8217\'92re going to set up on the other side of the ravine, and we\u8217\'92re going to try and push the Hrks towards you. So be quick and be ready. There won\u8217\'92t be a whistle. When they come, they come.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah snuck away, gathered up Rork and the nearest twelve Ayramun, then brought them to Seb and Gugi. Gugi wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to take charge, so Seb crowned herself and led them all back towards the mountains, keeping the course of the cursed ravine a small-score yards away to his right. When she felt they\u8217\'92d gone far enough, she led them sliding down into the steep ravine, and then they had a tough, nervy scramble back up the other side. Once up, they headed back towards the plain, keeping low and quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb knew the place she was looking for, but with the rain and mist there was no way she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d find the spot until she was already upon it. The fog was so thick that she kept second guessing whether she was even following the right ravine. Nonetheless she kept going, one foot in front of the other, trying not to think too much about the fight that was only a finger away. Soon, she was confronted with the sound of snorting wagon ponies drinking their fill of rainwater.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She crouched down, and the rest Ayramun behind did likewise. She ambled over to the edge of the ravine and slithered up against a big, solid boulder that leaned over the ravine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip. From there she could hear horse hooves stamping in the ravine\u8217\'92s stream, and if a horse was that close, then a Hrk might be closer. When she heard the clank of wood on wood she couldn\u8217\'92t help herself from peeking, so she steeled her nerves and peered over the boulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Right below her was a horse still hitched to a wagon whose bed was covered by a canvas stretched taught above the boards. Behind this wagon was another horse and another covered wagon, and whatever was behind that was lost to the mist. There was only one man. He was a natural Hrk, so far as Seb could tell, a natural Hrk with redblack hair and a full black beard that made his head seem massive. Clad in sopping wet browns, he was darting between the wagons, prepping them against the rain with all the urgency of a fellow who knew the curse that water puts on a wagon that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been drawing dry. He drove himself insane as he scampered through the rain and fumbled with the little canvas tents that were ready-tied just above each wagon wheel. He snapped one of these sheets over a wheel-hub, and in his rush to get to another he slipped and bumped against the wagon\u8217\'92s boards, and this juddering loosed the latch which pinned the tailgate. The tailgate popped open, and wagon pooped out a dead body which plopped into the mud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a dead Jandri boy in a white tunic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb turned to her troupe behind her. The confusion on her face must have been easy to read because Rork grumbled and invited himself up to Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rock. The man kept his vein-strapped head tucked against the rock\u8217\'92s hump as he peered out around it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped upon seeing the wagons and the lonesome wagonmaster, as well the dead body. His bulging eyes searched for some sign of the actual enemy, but found none.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whore\u8217\'92s breath,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah joined Rork and Seb at the boulder and quietly stole a look for herself. Her usually uptight expression didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t show the slightest hint of concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are they hauling dead bodies for?\u8221\'94 Rork asked her in a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I know?\u8221\'94 Moteah answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cause your brother\u8217\'92s the one who went scouting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do I look like Moto to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, you do,\u8221\'94 said Rork. \u8220\'93If\u8217\'92n he sprouted tits I couldn\u8217\'92t tell you two apart.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow tightened even further. This wasn\u8217\'92t anger. Moteah called it \u8216\'91severe disinterest\u8217\'92. It was one of her two expressions, the other being plain old disinterest. Problem was, that look wasn\u8217\'92t a good way to deal with a man like Rork. The best thing to do was to pretend not to notice him, even ignore him altogether. Unfortunately for Moteah, she was too young and fresh to get away with that either. To a man like Rork, her wrinkled brow was nothing but shirred meat, and the rest of her was an annoying robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bitch is leadin\u8217\'92 us into a trap,\u8221\'94 he whispered to the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not leading anyone anywhere. Seb is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb felt the eyes of both these schemers bear down upon her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t lookit me,\u8221\'94 she whispered back. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t set this up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were still looking at her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pointed east, in the direction of the Junei Plain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a overhang in the ravine down a ways. It could do as a cave. It could be that the Hrks have taken it up.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, you\u8217\'92re a soilbucket.\u8221\'94 Rork\u8217\'92s voice was uncomfortably loud. \u8220\'93This is a goddamned trap if I ever seen one. I bet my uglies they know we\u8217\'92re here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork faced the cloud of mist from which they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come, and he cast his suspicious eye about, as if the dark boulders lurking in the haze were really Hrkan Skulsi in disguise. He unwrapped his tall bow from its cow-leather strap and strung it with an easy flick. The rest of the Ayramun caught on to his excitement, and they strung their bows in kind. Then all thirteen of them, Gugi included, crept up to join Seb, Moteah, and Rork at the lip of the ravine. When their fists were full of arrows, Rork decided that the time was right to strike. He gave his bow a pull to test the string, and then he stood up and loosed an arrow at the unaware wagonmaster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The arrow didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have far to go. Almost as soon as the fletching was free from Rork\u8217\'92s fingers the arrowhead was implanting itself into the back of that Hrkan neck. The man clutched and gurgled, then fell to his knees and splashed down face-first into the budding rainwater stream. Downstream, one of the horses whinnied and stamped when it found its drink suddenly awash with blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork ducked back behind the boulder and gave Seb a contented grin, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just won the battle all by himself. Then they waited. Moto had said there wouldn\u8217\'92t be a whistle, so they had to wait for the battle straight. They waited for at least a full finger, and by then the rain started to let up and the sound of the ravine\u8217\'92s running water was louder than the plunks which poured from the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Having had enough of waiting, Rork made to climb down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb caught the hem of his robe and pulled him back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 Seb rasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no one here,\u8221\'94 Rork sneered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto said wait!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork stretched his arms out to gesture at all the nothingness around them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait for what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A signal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Signal to do what? What are we ambushing, horses?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of the Ayramun, a young one named Ritt, popped his head up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s Hrks down there somewhere, I feel it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet down!\u8221\'94 Moteah snipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But much to Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dismay, and Seb\u8217\'92s amazement, Rork stood straight up and put his finger and his thumb to his lips and whistled out a three-chirp alarm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 bright and sharp. The sound cut through the falling mist of rain as easily as if it weren\u8217\'92t there at all. The horse\u8217\'92s ears swiveled as they regarded Rork with some confusion, and before anyone could stop him, Rork scrambled down to the bottom of the ravine, arrow knocked. When his feet slapped onto flat ground, he crouched and waited for something to happen, and when nothing did, he growled a curse and shot an arrow into the back of the already dead Hrk. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not stayin\u8217\'92 here no longer,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, Rork marched across the ravine and tossed his bow up onto the other side and started to climb out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah swept up in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s periphery and shot an arrow right at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In clean dry air a gull-feather arrow with a whistling nock would trill with excitement when released, but soggy as it was, Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrow flew across the ravine with nary a whine. Rork had no idea what hit him, and it hit him right between the blades, and it burrowed deep to nick the heart. He fell backwards, back into the ravine, and he was limp dead before he even hit the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb gasped. It was against the rules to even scratch one of their own, even a throbbing cock like Rork. Killing an Ayramun was a privilege reserved for Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Seb could get out a word, Moteah grabbed her by the breast of her robe and yanked her down behind the boulder. Seb twisted the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand away and held it firm in her wiry grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92d ya kill him for!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah put her finger to her lips and shushed. Seb grimaced then spat the whole borcandi blob that had been stewing in her cheek. She spat it right at Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, but quick as a cat, Moteah ducked out of its terrifying arc and the wad landed with a splat on Gugi\u8217\'92s chest. Gugi squealed in disgust as he flicked the gooey gunk away. Moteah clapped his mouth shut with her free hand and her eyes flared caution at both of them. She pointed with her chin to the opposite bank and mouthed a silent warning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Hrks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb let go of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrist and peered around the boulder. There across the ravine were two shawled figures wandering out of the mist. At first she took them for Ayramun, but the first of them made a foreign gesture towards the other, and when Seb saw a flash of white under one of their ruddy cloaks she knew for sure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these were Hrkan men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The two figures paused, cocked their heads towards Seb like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d felt her thoughts ripple the fog between them, and they dropped down flat against the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb ducked fast behind her boulder. She turned to Moteah and had to restrain herself from shouting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They know!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sound was hardly out her mouth when from behind them, on their own safe side of the ravine, a Hrkan horn of war thrilled the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEEooooooooooooooooooommmm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hrkan battle horns are deep and drooping bleats that tremble the bones of even the most well armored lizards, and Seb was clad in nothing but rags. When the horn blast jumped up behind her it startled her out of her skin. She yelped and swore and swiveled around to face the terror, and there, deep in the fog, running right towards her, was a blurry host of men, Hrkan Skulsi, white coats flashing bright under brown disguises. Maybe twenty or more of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They moved in silence, a leggy, white speckled blob, all business, just jogging right up like they were lost and about to ask for the way to the road. They didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t try to intimidate with screams and yells, for in truth they were killers, not soldiers. The power of the Mazidai had long made armies obsolete, so the kind of professional fighting man that the Hrkan world breeds is one who lusts for the frenzy of small skirmishes where the pain of death is anesthetized in glory whenever man proves himself against man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The horn bleated again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEoooooooooooooooooommmm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Skulsi blob began to sprint. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb felt a strange warmth running down her thigh and she realized that she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pissed herself. Moteah loosed an arrow at the running blob and before the girl saw the results, she took off sprinting west, back up along the ravine and towards the mountains. Seb took off after her, and the rest of the Ayramun followed. They trimmed the ravine, pursued by that mob of Hrks, while on the opposite bank those two Hkran cloaks had somehow multiplied into twenty. They shadowed the Ayramun, silent like the others, and they bunched up against the ravine as they waited for the terrain to present an opportunity to close the gap and kill. Seb nocked an arrow mid stride and shot it across, but it flew harmlessly into the mist. Others had more luck\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Gugi put an arrow through the leading man\u8217\'92s leg, and the man behind him was struck down when an arrow rammed into the side of his skull. The two figures crumpled to the ground and those behind bumbled over them, but this did little to slow the chase. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Moteah jumped down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb wondered what insanity could have possessed the girl to give those Hrkan Skulsi a leaping chance, when in the next instant, a thin, golden beam of Mazidfire came ripping right by her ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The line of this blazing fire screamed out in the misty distance, and like a sword it began to swipe. Seb ducked low and avoided its arc, but the men behind her weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so lucky. The fire ran right through the back of Gugi\u8217\'92s head and burst out of his eye-socket as if his brains and bone weren\u8217\'92t there. His body slumped down, and the fireline\u8217\'92s distant fulcrum swiveled, sending the beam of death swiping downwards through the air, cutting four Ayramun into uneven halves before smashing into the earth, its tremendous heat sizzling the soggy clay as it went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then as suddenly as the Mazidfire came, it was gone, it went roaring into earth, leaving in its wake charred flesh, black glass, glowing stone, and smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those still alive threw themselves down the ravine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steep slope. Seb bumped into a karkle bush on the way down and rolled uncontrollably to the bottom where she flopped belly-first onto the muddy ground and slid with a splash into the ravine\u8217\'92s nascent stream. The rest of the Ayramun were already scrambling to their feet and fleeing along after Moteah. Seb stayed put, for there in front of her eyes was the very bush she\u8217\'92d seen that morning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the bush from under which she\u8217\'92d pulled those accursed bones. Its black twigs bloomed above her like a monument to fate. Her mind was unpinned by the significance of it, and she felt that awesome humbling chill which only comes when one catches a glimpse of the divine plan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She tried to reel back in by telling herself this bush was just a bush\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no more or less a major player in the divine plan as the mud squishing against her stomach, or even Ayram himself. Yes, this bush was just a bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And yet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And yet she was supposed to crawl up under that bush and so she did. She crawled up under it, and she lay herself down where those bones had been, and she watched through the brambles as the Hrks descended upon her straggling companions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ten of the leaping Hrks were shot down by arrows before their feet landed in the ravine, yet the Skulsi, undaunted, charged on. Their feet flung mud as their powerful strides closed the distance as fast as swept-backs. Seb cowered under the bush lest the obligation of battle came to her. Her gut turned at the sight of one man sticking his boot on the back of her comrade\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, suffocating him in the mud. But the Ayramun were valiant, and this cruelty was paid in turn with a knife stuck through the gut. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Seb could not see much of the battle, but she heard its sounds well enough. Metal clanged, mud-caked fists smacked faces with squelching thumps, sharp elbows cracked against ribs. No doubt that fling of limb and muck was rich with fighting deeds that warranted songs. Side whittled side until a Skulsi gave a gruff shout to stop\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was only one Ayramun left, and the man who shouted claimed the right of single combat. The rest of the Hrks ran off into the fog to search for more pokes to poke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb watched through blurred vision as the last two mud-caked combatants sized each other amongst the smattering of corpses. Both were wounded and breathing hard with blades held out before them. By this point the rain had stopped. Seb felt the itch of purpose stirring in her stomach. Perhaps the bush had reserved her for this very moment, for here was an opportunity for decisive action, and that was all anyone could ever ask for\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 clarity of cause and effect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the outcome of a skirmish turned with her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb twisted out from under her bush to fire an arrow at the man she took to be a Hrk, but just as she did, two figures stepped up to the lip of the ravine above her. The shorter one opened its mouth and a golden beam of Mazidfire burst out, cutting both combatants in two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb froze in fear at the sight of the Mazid and its Minder. She scuffled back up under her bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She had never seen a Mazid before, and she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see much of it now. It was shorter than its Minder by a good foot, the height of a youth. It was skinny, and its gangly self was wrapped up in blue robes and a blue cowl like a penitent priest. Seb couldn\u8217\'92t see the eyes, only the general gauntness of its face, which was white as sea foam, like the creature had been dipped in cream. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb squinted to try to get a better look because it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t appear to have any hair. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its chin was smooth and hairless as an egg, and its brows were shaven. The Minder was a normal Jandri man, dressed in the standard scribal robes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a richer, brighter blue with a blue hooded cape that blanketed his broad shoulders like a pelt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another man joined the two figures up on that bank. Unlike the others, he was a natural born Hrk through and through\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 blackred hair, greying around the temples, with copper skin and eyebrows so thick they could flog lizard skin. His dark cloak was held together by a silver sunrose brooch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the mark of military command, and underneath this cloak were the white robes of a Skulsi. This captain marched up to the much shorter Mazid, and he bore a look of such contempt that he seemed about to strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain yourself!\u8221\'94 the captain shouted as he pointed to the two sizzling corpses down in the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you mean,\u8221\'94 said the Mazid, meekly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain chafed at the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s play of ignorance. \u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 killed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  one of my men.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know which was which.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you killed both?!\u8221\'94 The captain then turned on the Mazid\u8217\'92s Minder. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how you people breed these things, but something is wrong. Each one is dumber than the last.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Minder had a dark, square face and a patch of hair which crawled underneath his bottom lip, and when he clicked his tongue at the captain, the patch curled, underlining his annoyance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You preach to the choir,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve only had to deal with the Mazid for a week, whereas I am bonded to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re half the problem. You\u8217\'92re supposed to control it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is a difficult breed. The Lords say they\u8217\'92re balancing intelligence with docility, but then they bind me to this Mazid, which is neither intelligent nor amenable to instruction, and when I complain they tell me to bear it like I\u8217\'92ve been trained. So bear it, captain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those are not my words, but the words of the Lords.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Skulsi captain looked about ready to strangle them both. The Minder shrugged him off and said to his Mazid, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Apologize to the captain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Apologize}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 !?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 the captain fumed. \u8220\'93What use do I have for an apology? Tell me, what can I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  with it?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t answer!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Minder shrugged again. In his right hand was a short rod of wood wrapped in braided leather. He held it up to the captain and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You may hit it if you like. It won\u8217\'92t hurt the creature as it doesn\u8217\'92t feel pain, but I find it works out my frustrations nonetheless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain took the rod firm in hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Avoid the head and neck,\u8221\'94 said the Minder. \u8220\'93And obviously, the stomach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain swung the rod and brought it down hard on the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder socket. A smack rang out, and the Mazid\u8217\'92s arm sunk down and went limp, clearly dislocated. Though the blow was brutal, Seb winced more than the Mazid did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Captain stepped back to appreciate the bludgeoning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t make Mazidai like they used to,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a wonder the Lords make use of these things at all. They\u8217\'92ve long outlived their utility. We Skulsi can handle outlaws on our own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribal Minder clicked hist tongue at this remark. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Captain,\u8221\'94 he said with disdain, \u8220\'93the only reason you are dealing with outlaws at all is because outland tribes are too whipped by the Mazidai to become anything more than outlaws. Get rid of my office and my charge, and you might find yourself on the front line of a real battle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean, a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  battle?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I meant no disrespect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounded like disrespect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assure you, I meant no disrespect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Though Seb could not see well, she could see that the captain was about to explode. Every fiber of his Skulsi discipline was snapping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Minder drew his lips tight. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92ve something foul to say, then let\u8217\'92s have it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old captain glowered at both the Minder and the Mazid. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remember that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  are here to make things easier for }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , not the other way around. And I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say that killing my men outright is a violation of that mission. Worthy of censure! If you were not a Minder, I would have had you burned out for incompetency!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Minder was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I were not a Minder you could do all manner of things. But fantasies are the domain of children and beggars, not soldiers who stand up straight. White light, we speak of the decline of the Mazidai, but if you are Hrkan Skulsi then I worry doubly for the Lordship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 have a problem with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do. Look at you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pomped up like you deserve something better than what you have, like you don\u8217\'92t understand that I can speak to you how I want. Worry about yourself, captain, lest that self-important stomach growl too loudly and forget the station of its Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d threaten a captain of the Skulsi!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would if he threatened a Minder and his Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain smirked, then put his hands on his hips and eyed the Minder with a gleam of amusement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt you have the control,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Just the other day one of my men saw your Mazid let an outland poke run free. It could have easily burned the man down, but it didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That man went free because the Mazid doesn\u8217\'92t control the fire. I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean exactly what I said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face screwed up as he slowly put two and two together. \u8220\'93Are you saying }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  killed my man?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know which was which,\u8221\'94 said the Minder as he cracked a sly grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped in shock. \u8220\'93Wait until Lord Gagan hears about this! He\u8217\'92ll have you out in the pastures where you belong, minding sheep not Mazidai!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Minder countenanced the captain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s threat with a skeptical brow. Seb could sense the man\u8217\'92s stinging smugness even from beneath her karkle bush. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then the Minder said to the Mazid, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill that man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat glowed gold and in a flash its mouth was ablaze with the fire of gods as a thin beam of golden light shot out. A heartbeat later, the captain crumpled to the ground. In the place where his forehead used to be was a black and smoldering hole. What was left of his face was fixed in hurtled surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Minder grunted in satisfaction before regarding his Mazid with contempt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you ever think about what you want or don\u8217\'92t want. You don\u8217\'92t have wants. Get creative with my orders again and I\u8217\'92ll have us both sent back to the guild for\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His words were interrupted by the act of the Mazid shuffling towards the ravine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip. Shock dawned on his face as the creature began to climb down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 the Minder spat, but the Mazid did not answer. It had reached the ravine\u8217\'92s belly and was walking towards Seb\u8217\'92s bush. It was close enough now that Seb could see its gaunt visage clearly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a ghoul of a person, with silver, empty, Sparkless eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop!\u8221\'94 the Minder commanded with a shout. His word shook the Mazid\u8217\'92s spine. It paused, struggled a step, then continued on as if laden with chains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Minder stretched out his left arm, which was missing a hand. The stubby wrist wrapped in white cotton and ornamented with golden trinkets affixed in a net of delicate golden chains. He pointed this jangling nub at the Mazid and screamed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93STOP!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The shout was so strong it had form and purpose, it punched the simpering rain and exploded out to clear a bubble of dry air into existence, flinging the raindrops out of it, sending them spraying over Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bush and the world beyond. Indeed, the shout was so strong that it wrenched Seb\u8217\'92s own Spark in her stomach, and it struck the Mazid with a crippling force, as every single muscle in the creature\u8217\'92s scrawny body snapped taut as if snagged by time. This creature tilted, unbalanced, and when the bubble of rain collapsed and a blanket of water fell, the Mazid fell too, stiff as stone, splashing onto the muddy ground. It landed without much heft, like it was a blanket tossed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Though it was still against its will, its gray eyes remained unnervingly alert. They swiveled in their sockets and found Seb inside her bush, and Seb lay transfixed. In Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s long journeys through the Sand she had looked every manner of creature in the eye, and in each of them she\u8217\'92d found some sort of kinship\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not so when she beheld the pale-white, bald, browless, lashless, silver-eyed Mazid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her fixation on this creature was broken when the Minder climbed down into the belly of the ravine. This short effort put the man out of breath, and he stood still for a moment before marching over to the Mazid and giving it a probing kick. The Mazid was stiff as a board. The Minder cursed his own luck, then picked the limb-bent creature up, put it upon his shoulder, and began to walk away. He was almost lost in the mist when Seb scrunched out of her bush and drew her boot knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  She crept along, making extra sure she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t slop too loudly in the muck as she closed the distance to the Minder\u8217\'92s misty figure. Stalking a man with his back turned triggered Seb\u8217\'92s instinct for the hunt, and she matched the Minder\u8217\'92s footfalls and kept herself ready to leap. Excitement swelled when the Minder strolled past the bodies of Rork and the Hrkan wagonmaster, for there were also horses to hide her noise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She picked up her pace. The first horse eyed her dumbly, oblivious to her murderous pursuit. Soon she was only yards away from the Minder, and when Seb could no longer contain herself, she screamed such a deep and wild scream that it surprised even herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Minder dropped his burden in fright. Seb plunged her knife into the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flinching shoulder. She yanked it out and the blade blurred against the back-swinged arc of blood before getting lost altogether as Seb rushed through a flurry of blows. The Minder twisted and fell into the sticky mud. He tried to scramble free, tried to shove aside her fury, but the man had only the one good hand. He raised his ornamented forearm to shield his face, but Seb\u8217\'92s knife was there between the golden chains, and it was there again between the ribs, and there in the stomach, and in the neck, then cutting through the bone in his flailing elbow. Seb jabbed at the man\u8217\'92s throat, and jabbed again, and again, and she did not let up until her knife slipped out of her hand from the glut of blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few gratuitous punches later, and the Minder was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sat back on the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s waist and admired the kill. It wasn\u8217\'92t clean, but the struggle had been quick, one-sided, and glorious. Seb admired her ultimate prize, the pale Mazid, who lay limp in the mud behind. Its eyes were stilled and its body was dead, as it was no longer bound to any will. The sight of it settled Seb into the realization that she\u8217\'92d succeeded where all the other Ayramun had failed, and an exultant cheer welled up in her stomach. She made to let loose victory, but her shout was chilled by the sight of a short, irascible pillar of black rags standing only a few yards away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the old witch Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some unseemly witchness had swept the woman down from her mountain cave, and there she stood in the mist. Her dark eyes quested the muddy ground, ignoring Seb and her glory. She followed some unseen trail towards the Hrkan wagon, and she hobbled over to it. Once there, she used her gnarled cane to prod at the body which had fallen out of the wagon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb quickly gathered herself up, and the limp Mazid as well, and hustled over to the witch to show off her prize. She held the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body out as an offering, expecting praise, but Elrahet merely glanced and nodded. She was more concerned with the dead Jandri youth at her feet and the wagon itself, which was packed to the boards with more dead Jandri youths. They\u8217\'92d been crammed inside the bed like poached pigs. Elrahet knocked one of their dangling arms with her cane and said, in her sneering way, \u8220\'93The Amalgamete has outgrown its suckling chin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sight of so many bodies unsettled Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach, even though she herself was coated in mud and the blood of a man she had just stabbed to pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said scornfully. \u8220\'93I can smell their Sparks, cursed to the flesh. Look.\u8221\'94 The dead boy at her feet was half-slipped from his white tunic, revealing his legs and uglies. Elrahet poked him in the stomach with her cane to drag the tunic further up, revealing a raspberry ring of darkness welling up under the skin and circling his belly-button.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was meant for food,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Food?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Food for the Amalgamete. We\u8217\'92ve not caught our Mazid a moment too soon, for the beast is grown enough to eat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet sneered at the implication that she could possibly be wrong. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me the Mazid,\u8221\'94 the Old witch snipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb lay the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blanket-weight on the witch\u8217\'92s stooped shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you take the boy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pick up the boy and carry him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet did not answer, for she never answered a question like, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91why\u8217\'92. \u8216\'91Why\u8217\'92 was asked of people who could not see the threads of purpose which weave a certain future. Elrahet could see them. It was rumored that she\u8217\'92d weaved some of them herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet waddled away, down the ravine. Her wet rags dragged behind and scraped the mud, leaving a slug-like trail behind as she bore the Mazid into the mist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb picked up the skinny boy and followed. }}