{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scrawny woman walking in front of Mandri, the one spitting her way through this dark cave complex, her name was Seb. The man walking behind Mandri, the short and stout man whose bread wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t baked all the way through, his name was Hill, and according to Hill, their two names were the only two things that Mandri needed to know. Don\u8217\'92t bother with \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91what\u8217\'92s going on\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91I can\u8217\'92t see where I\u8217\'92m going\u8217\'92, the only thing that mattered was that Seb was in front, Hill was behind, and that was the way things were going to be. If Mandri did so much as breathe too loudly for Hill\u8217\'92s comfort, that was sufficient cause for an open handed smack on the back of the head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unfortunately for Mandri, his once-dead-legs were as stiff as rods so every step begged a groan. Every bend of knee felt like he were ripping tendons apart. Instead of striding through the dark like Hill wanted him to, Mandri shuffled through it on sensitive feet, doing what he could to avoid the trash that littered the floor, and that was hard to do too as well, because the rock tunnel was a dumping ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a horde of trash piled all the way up the low ceiling. It was not a place for unshod feet. Hidden in the shadows of Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dancing torchlight were the picked-clean bones of small animals all scattered amongst splintered balkanut which looked like shattered skulls. Curved clay shards of wasted jars and all manner of organic waste was the worst of it. Mandri stepped in cold and gooey lumps of muck that glistened when it welled up in between his toes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he couldn\u8217\'92t figure what this substance was until Hill stepped in it, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Black Spark, Seb! Ya did it again?\u8221\'94 Hill was pointing down at a dark stain that soured the toe of his hard leather boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb shoved Mandri aside so she could get an eye on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Course not,\u8221\'94she protested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why can\u8217\'92t ya shit in the hole like everyone else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It always is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Chopper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This shit is half green, that means it\u8217\'92s you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb kicked a clay jar and sent it flying down the tunnel. "Who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the one pilin\u8217\'92 all this trash in here, huh? There\u8217\'92s a hole for all shit, too, but ya\u8217\'92ll too lazy. Get yourself together fore you come and pick on my habits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She turned a cold shoulder to Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s indignation, and she started off again into the dark. Hill grumbled a curse and nudged Mandri onwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri clutched his blanket tight around his naked shoulders. He was worried that something in the fetid clutter might brush up against him and somehow infect his wound. He searched the shadow-strewn ground for a clean edge of stone to scrape his shit-stained foot against, but found none. The tunnel was crammed with so much garbage that it all seemed part of the natural cave. In fact, not one bit of stone could be seen in the flickering torchlight, not even on the low ceiling, for that was mottled over in gray-green moldy growths. An utterly loathsome place. This was life in all its slovenly, pack-rat glory, and both Seb and Hill picked their way through it as if they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d placed each piece themselves, like pampered toddlers wading through scattered toys.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri recalled the ambush in which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been captured, and he could not understand how these two boorish bandits had managed to evade the clutches of the Skulsi. Seb herself was as unimposing as an outland poke could be, dirty and hungry looking. She looked like desperation itself, and not the dangerous kind of desperation either. She was that sad kind of desperation that any upstanding person could defeat by simply looking away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And Hill?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill had his plump pinky finger stuck halfway up his own nose, digging for gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave some for me,\u8221\'94 Mandri joked in judgmental tones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill 's eyes flashed, his cheeks flushed, and he gave Mandri a pulled punch in the ribs. He said to Seb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take the little dent out to the pit,\u8221\'94 and he marched past them both and turned into a sidelong passage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where you goin\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94 Seb shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To get Ayram,\u8221\'94 Hill shouted back. And with that, he disappeared, taking his torchlight with him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gutwipe,\u8221\'94 Seb muttered when Hill was good and gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wondered how he was supposed to carry on without any light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t think about tryin\u8217\'92 nothin\u8217\'92 stupid,\u8221\'94 Seb said coldly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t. I can\u8217\'92t see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb grabbed Mandri by the arm and helped him to his feet. She pushed him in direction she wanted him to go and the two walked for a spell, bumbling through the dark, toes and knees knocking into whatever happened to be in their way. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t long until they rounded a bend and came to yet another tunnel, one which gave way to the blinding light of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once out into the sun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heat, Mandri\u8217\'92s aching legs took the opportunity to collapse. Instead of slamming into rock, his knees splashed into warm, soothing sand. A sudden ecstasy shivered through him, and he dug his hands into it. He wanted to burrow into it like a sand flea. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya\u8217\'92ll get \u8216\'91im sorted,\u8221\'94 Seb commanded to someone Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t see. He was still blinded from the sudden appearance of day. It took a few wide-eyed blinks to wash out the bright white blotch which had burned itself into his vision. When it had gone he was surprised to find himself kneeling at the bottom of a colossal limestone bucket, a pit cave, with walls some fifty feet tall. The prenoon sun angled its light down the sides of this pit, leaving half in a crescent shadow. Dark figures milled about in that shadow, some standing, some sitting. They were all looking at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of them stepped forward. She was a dark Zosan girl, and her smooth face was framed by a tight white headscarf. The rest of her figure was shrouded to the ankles by a simple beige robe. It was a clean look, and despite the wear and tear that spoke of a life roughing it out in the Sand, this girl wore it all with a hint of regal bearing. She held her shoulders in a kind of self-important swoop that showed she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been trained in the art of woman-standing-still. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the Mazid,\u8221\'94 she said. Her statement was a simple matter of fact, but the way she said it suggested it was some keen insight obvious only to her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who are you?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked in turn. He was anxious to appear unruffled. He contemplated standing up but decided against it because he wasn\u8217\'92t sure if his legs could manage it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t speak without permission,\u8221\'94 the girl said as she wrinkled her nose. He supposed she could smell rot on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Moteah,\u8221\'94 she declared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said don\u8217\'92t speak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah shook her head in annoyance, then turned to the scraggly men and women behind her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what Seb says and get him fit for walking. And make sure he doesn\u8217\'92t speak.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She twirled around and marched past Mandri and into the caves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get him fit for a dog\u8217\'92s dick,\u8221\'94 said a grumbling voice as she disappeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up, Weeg,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You shut up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one mess with the boy \u8216\'91til Ayram\u8217\'92s sussed him out. I shouldn\u8217\'92t have to say it. But things bein\u8217\'92 what they are I\u8217\'92ll say it again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no one touches a hair on this prick\u8217\'92s head unless Ayram say so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few unhappy grunts followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 Seb continued, \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s got Papi\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When no one answered, Seb pointed towards Mandri with an open hand and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy needs robes afore we set out and Papi\u8217\'92s will fit. So, who\u8217\'92s got \u8216\'91em?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Papi\u8217\'92s not been dead two days,\u8221\'94 said one unhappy shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So? You think Papi cares what happens to his clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You take his clothes, then, Weeg?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who did?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb turned to a lounging man tucked right inside the bottom swerve of the pit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crescent shadow. She motioned for Mandri to follow her, and as she did, this burly fellow stretched himself out amongst a couple of burlap sacks, claiming them all with his splayed out arms and legs. Between the man\u8217\'92s beard, brows, and hair there was hardly a splotch of skin on him. There was a mouth on his head somewhere, because a stubby pipe was sticking out of his beard. The smoke swirling out of it stank of freeweed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded at this wiry black bush named Tob, but Tob did not nod back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The bastard can freeze and burn,\u8221\'94 Tob said dryly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is Tob,\u8221\'94 said Seb, as she sat down next to the man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob is an idiot,\u8221\'94 Seb added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re dried-up,\u8221\'94 Tob retorted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pointed to the bundle of clothes that lay between Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s elbow and armpit. \u8220\'93Those Papi\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob rolled onto his side and patted the bundle with care. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are. Make a nice pillow, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only way this Mazid here is getting them is if Ayram commands it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give them up,\u8221\'94 said Seb, undeterred. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woman\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what did I just say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Want to splain to Ayram why the boy is naked?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob took a thoughtful drag from his pipe. He held the smoke captive in his barrel chest for a long moment, and the exhale, when it came, was a sheepish attempt to obscure a reluctant, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pulled the bundle of clothes out from under Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bushy bulk. She tossed it to Mandri as Tob grumbled, \u8220\'93Last I checked we was called the Ayramun, not the Se`bun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never said we was called anythin\u8217\'92 else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri picked at the troublesome knot which kept the outfit wrapped tight. As he did, Tob was clear to stress, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need be remembering who those clothes belong to. They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s. Everything is Ayram\u8217\'92s here. Clothes on my back. Those clothes there. The food that\u8217\'92s coming to your belly. It\u8217\'92s all loaned out, if you like. Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s. Not yours. Not Moteah\u8217\'92s. And not Seb\u8217\'92s either. So don\u8217\'92t get confused by the way the women here act.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri finally pulled the plaited hemp string free, and unrolled the apparel onto the ground. There was a thick brown three-layered robe all crumpled up with salt and sweat. Next to it was a simple hoodscarf, brown as well. The dead Papi had no eye for beauty. There was also a pair of rawhide boots that, when Mandri put them on, seemed cut perfectly to size. Thankfully it was all in good shape. It would have been perfect if not for the blood stain around the collar and a long splotch of blood running down the left arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri finally had it all on, with the tails of the hoodscarf wrapped clumsily around his neck, he felt transformed. He was as pokey as the rest of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob looked him up and down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Papi wore when you killed him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Well I didn\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not supposed to speak,\u8221\'94 Tob said as he blew a puff of smoke in Mandri\u8217\'92s direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I ask why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A gruff voice rose up from the shadows behind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cause you a damned Mazid, you dent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The charge had come from Weeg. Weeg was a dirty and disheveled man who looked like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just rolled down a dune. Sand was stuck to his unreasonably flat and blocky face. His nose was a bulbous root\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 must have been broken a time or three.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pull off him,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t matter if he talks. Not like he can blow fire unless he\u8217\'92s allowed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down at his bloodstained sleeve. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t want me wearing these robes, I don\u8217\'92t need to. I\u8217\'92m fine with just my blanket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb chuckled at his naivety. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Won\u8217\'92t be fine when we head out into the Sand. That skimpy thing would leave your legs in boils.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better than wearin\u8217\'92 Papi\u8217\'92s robe,\u8221\'94 said Tob. \u8220\'93That robe is bad luck\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the warp to weft is three to one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t start,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This ain\u8217\'92t a matter of startin\u8217\'92 and stoppin\u8217\'92. A three to one weave is plain bad luck. That\u8217\'92s how it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb groaned and Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s caterpillar brow jumped at Mandri. \u8220\'93Women don\u8217\'92t know about luck, do they? Course, you don\u8217\'92t know about it either, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel a little bit lucky. I mean, I\u8217\'92m alive, aren\u8217\'92t I? Couple of fingers ago I thought I was dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you weren\u8217\'92t dead,\u8221\'94 Tob said emphatically. \u8220\'93You were body dead, sure, but no sparkless Mazid ever dies cuz it weren\u8217\'92t livin\u8217\'92 in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t look alive to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beady eyes livened up. \u8220\'93You nothin\u8217\'92 but a puppet. An everyone knows a puppet is nothin\u8217\'92 but bad luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bad luck on him means bad luck on us,\u8221\'94 said Weeg. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you all, Elrahet been readin\u8217\'92 the future upside down. That creature there is a curse. Sun as my light, that creature there is gonna get us all killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That so?\u8221\'94 Seb asked with a sarcastic bend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s so. Look what happened when we ambushed it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more n\u8217\'92 half of us dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb intervened again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were dealin\u8217\'92 with a Mazid and eighty damn Skulsi. We were always gonna lose people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Weeg scrunched up his ruined nose and it gave a buckling-crack as the cartilage snapped into a painful sneer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woulda been less dead if it weren\u8217\'92t such a shitshow, and you tell me, how\u8217\'92d things go down that way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you,\u8221\'94 said Tob.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb rolled her eyes and said derisively, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lemme guess\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we got unlucky?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right. And there\u8217\'92s things you need to know about Luck. Luck is like peelin\u8217\'92 plaster, you have to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb interrupted with a mule-like whine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob, you're the unluckiest bastard in the world. You don\u8217\'92t know shit about luck.\u8221\'94 She looked to Mandri through tired eyes and added, \u8220\'93He hides his face in all that hair cause he\u8217\'92s so damned ugly. And guess how he got those scars? The man got his head chewed up by a keenkedra.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I survived!\u8221\'94 Tob exclaimed. \u8220\'93Who touched tongues with a full-grown keenki and lived to tell about it? No one! None but }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . And why? Because of my luck.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lucky you survived, but you were as unlucky as a Hrkan prick to ever get swallowed by that lizard in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the thing!\u8221\'94 Tob exclaimed, almost shouting. His left eye was wide with excitement, revealing to Mandri that under all that hair the right side of his face was paralyzed. Something like that is usually obvious from the way the lips skew when a person speaks, but Tob\u8217\'92s mouth was little more than a hole in the black broom that was his beard, and the right side of it had an excuse for not moving as it was busy clenching his pipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need lots of bad luck to really know about luck,\u8221\'94 said Tob. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the always-lucky that don\u8217\'92t know a thing about luck because they don\u8217\'92t need to. They don\u8217\'92t step in any holes and they get to believin\u8217\'92 that holes don\u8217\'92t exist. But I\u8217\'92ve stepped in all the holes. I know my way around them by now. I\u8217\'92ve got Luck mapped out as well as anybody who ever lived.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That don\u8217\'92t make sense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob shrugged Seb off and stayed steady on Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I shoot an arrow at you, what says whether or not it kills you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cut in again, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck has nothing to do with it. It\u8217\'92s the gods that decide.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The gods are all dead!\u8221\'94 Tob retorted. \u8220\'93These days, it\u8217\'92s luck! Skill says whether or not you hit the target. You aim at the neck, an\u8217\'92 if you\u8217\'92re skilled, you hit the neck. Luck says whether it rips through the pipes or only scratches the throat.\u8221\'94 As proof of his words, Tob pulled up his beard to reveal, lurking under a scraggle of neck hair, a long white scar that wrapped around his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like someone tried to chop your head off,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A stunted bald man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been snoozing away perked up and shouted, \u8220\'93Chop!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All eyes turned to this man, alarmed, and Tob was quick to shout back with expressive hands, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No! No chop. No chop today.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94 the bald man asked again, disappointed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chop,\u8221\'94 Tob repeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The bald man pouted and lay back down. As soon his head hit his pack of a pillow he was snoozing again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob sighed and said to Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t say that word around Chopper unless you need something cut. And if you need something cut you better find him and let him do it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or else. Anyways, like I was sayin\u8217\'92, the arrow that did my neck was shot from only twenty paces. Busted right through me. And that arrow came from a Scweeman no less\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as skilled as any here with a bow. But he couldn\u8217\'92t beat my luck. I\u8217\'92d wager more than money that my good luck is what saved me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He says that, but he won\u8217\'92t ever actually wager anything,\u8221\'94 Seb snipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because it\u8217\'92s not right for me to take advantage of others in matters of luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about a wager on }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 asked the gruff Weeg, pointing a hateful finger at Mandri. \u8220\'93I bet ten wraps this walkin\u8217\'92 curse is gonna get us all killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cracked a confused smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we\u8217\'92re all killed, then how are you gonna come and collect?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Twenty wraps!\u8221\'94 Weeg shouted. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t need to collect cuz bein\u8217\'92 right is just as good. Boy\u8217\'92s a demon. Puttin\u8217\'92 him here in our midst\u8230\'85it\u8217\'92s unright. Who says he ain\u8217\'92t gonna roast us all in golden fire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet says it,\u8221\'94 was Seb\u8217\'92s reply, and somehow that was enough to end the argument. Weeg sneered for the sake of it, baring his crooked yellow teeth. After that he settled down, but not before getting in a final barb. \u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t trust this one to keep the piss out his pants.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb rolled her eyes, and Mandri took the opportunity to rest his aching legs by sitting down next to her, for she seemed to be the only person who would tolerate him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better get used to waiting,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s half of what we do around here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob overheard and added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They sat and waited in that crescent shadow in silence. This gave Mandri time to wonder how this ragged band of sand-spitting pokes had killed eighty Skulsi. On top of that, for some god-bothering reason, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d taken him captive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These people hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t captured him on accident, that was for sure. They knew to remove the Minder\u8217\'92s hand that gripped his heart and they knew how to put in a new one. That kind of esoteric knowledge was not in the archives of any ordinary band of outlaws. And they hadn\u8217\'92t captured him for ransom. If they wanted money there were easier targets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said quietly to Seb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I ask why I\u8217\'92m here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 was her brusque reply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Mandri was undeterred. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I only ask because I know there\u8217\'92s no love for the Hrkan world out here in the Sand. I\u8217\'92ve no love for it either. But if you intend to use me as a weapon as they were, I\u8217\'92m not going to play along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94 Seb asked with an inattentive sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve no intention of letting you use me to kill people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw you kill three men with one swipe of Mazidfire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was against my will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what you do isn\u8217\'92t up to you, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shut up after that, not because Seb was right, but because he remembered who she was. She was an outland poke, with poke being a reference to the wooden pokes that farmers attach to the necks of pigs to keep them stuck in their pens. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a fitting epithet for and dumb, for the people who refuse to move from where they stand on account of ignorance. Their minds are poked. And Seb wasn\u8217\'92t poked just because she hailed from an outland tribe, Mandri was not a bigot in that way. No, she was poked because she was a woman, and because women are just as poked as men. Mandri knew there was no point in reminding her how she was able to get a jump on his Minder. There was no point in detailing how he had, in the critical moment, wrestled control of himself away from his Minder\u8217\'92s grasp, thus giving Seb her opportunity to strike. There was no point because Seb would only ever see things the way she saw them, and that\u8217\'92s one of those tautological truths that Mandri often forgot whenever he\u8217\'92d find himself making the mistake of trying to communicate things the way }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  saw them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was poked. Weeg, Hill, Tob, Moteah, and the rest of them were all poked. And no doubt this Ayram, whoever he was, was poked. That was the only thing Mandri knew for sure about the leader of this band of pokes. Well, he also knew that Ayram was a man, and that, in all likelihood, Ayram had made himself Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Minder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri promised the sun that he would make Ayram regret it.}}