{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The ragged edge of the asphalt brushed the lawns\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 front fringes, which each fought a losing battle against gravel, road trash, and tire tracks, even on the south side of the street with its broad shoulder, the exurb\u8217\'92s only concession to pedestrians. The prouder houses had erected fences set back a couple of feet from the blacktop\u8217\'92s periphery; many other yards were mixtures of grass and dandelions that cried out for a mower. Tom shook his head when he passed the worst of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She was fighting him, also, not wanting to walk even a little, which didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t improve his mood, but that was nothing new for her. Sixteen years old, a bad hip, chronic gut problems, and now a sizable mass. The traveling vet was coming later that afternoon. His wife had wanted it that way. Better than in a clinic, she had said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When it was twelve PM, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll just put her in the back yard. No need to make her walk today, of all days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His wife had sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me finish this spreadsheet, then I\u8217\'92ll take her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d leashed Bitsy up and gotten his shoes on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And now, half-walking and half-dragged, she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wanting to do her business. Strange, because she usually finished by the second house down, the one with the split-rail fence guarding the flower beds. But now, they were in front of the hovel with the overgrown yard and the culvert full of weeds at the end of the block, which was more like four city blocks both ways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Just like her to act this way, especially today! \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Maybe she\u8217\'92ll do it on the way back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 All those years ago, his wife and daughter had come home from volunteering at the shelter with stars in their eyes. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d laid out every counter-argument: his work travel, his daughter\u8217\'92s living half-time with her mother, his wife\u8217\'92s job. He\u8217\'92d even made them go to the shelter to ensure none of them was allergic. And now his daughter was on her own, his wife was still working, and he was retired.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He was coming up to his house. He could go in, but that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d mean he\u8217\'92d be the one cleaning up any mess later.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So, down to the other end of the block where it dead-ended into the main street with the sharp curve. If he dragged her there and back and nothing happened, maybe she really didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to do anything.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At the shelter that day, he had spotted the Irish setter: unadopted, a male, majestic in its russet fur, sad in its crate. And the two of them had swept past him on the way to Bitsy. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how he had known he wasn\u8217\'92t mistaken: the nameplate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it the cutest name?\u8221\'94 his daughter had asked. What sort of question was that?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now someone had thrown a bottle on the shoulder, so into the road to dodge the shattered glass. This damned dog was going to get him run over.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She had been a scrawny thing too, not even twelve pounds, a mutt: wiry fur, probably some union of terrier and dachshund, who knows what else in the mix. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d gotten down on all fours, ruffled the dog\u8217\'92s fur, but nothing. And his daughter, who was allergic to everything under the sun, had neither a sniffle nor a red eye.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave it!\u8221\'94 He yanked on the leash. Finally, she showed some life. Why? Dead rat on the edge of the road, its carcass squashed by a tire. Do people take no pride in their houses? Ten seconds with a shovel to dump it into your trash bin. He almost made a note to come back and do it when he remembered he wouldn\u8217\'92t need to walk the dog this way again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The turnaround point, as far as he could reasonably make her walk, was in sight. Make it there and head back, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have done all he could. Everything would be out of his hands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Within a month after Bitsy had come to live with them, he had been able to work from home for a little while. That same week, his wife had to travel out of town and his daughter had been with her mother. He had to clean up three messes because he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get off the phone long enough to walk the dog between conference calls. He had almost taken her back to the shelter after day five.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At the sharp corner, she finally decided it was time. Eschewing the thick creepers to the side, she poised herself on the edge of the shoulder and did her business. Pulling a bag off the roll and placing it over his hand, Tom bent over and scooped it, then began to turn it inside out in preparation to knot it shut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She tugged at the leash, as if to head back home, but as he turned he saw the blur of movement, and the rabbit streaked across the road. She kept yanking, and now followed it into the street, while Tom fumbled with the bag, and he tried to maintain control of the dog, and he tried not to drop or smear the handful of crap, and the tires screeched, and the leash ripped itself off his hand, and the high-pitched yelping rose up just for a second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The car, a beater, angled toward the shoulder. Tom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes locked with the driver\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 high schooler, no one he knew from the neighborhood. He stepped forward, and the car peeled out, skidding a bit as the boy corrected the wheel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Tom shook off the bag and dropped down, ass on the creepers, legs bent. He looked at what had happened, then put his head in his hands as his salty tears spattered on the asphalt. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}