{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/3250/pg3250-images.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/3250/pg3250-images.html}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The humorous story is told gravely; the teller does his best to conceal the fact that he even dimly suspects that there is anything funny about it; but the teller of the comic story tells you beforehand that it is one of the funniest things he has ever heard, then tells it with eager delight, and is the first person to laugh when he gets through. And sometimes, if he has had good success, he is so glad and happy that he will repeat the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93nub\u8221\'94 of it and glance around from face to face, collecting applause, and then repeat it again. It is a pathetic thing to see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Very often, of course, the rambling and disjointed humorous story finishes with a nub, point, snapper, or whatever you like to call it. Then the listener must be alert, for in many cases the teller will divert attention from that nub by dropping it in a carefully casual and indifferent way, with the pretence that he does not know it is a nub.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Artemus Ward used that trick a good deal; then when the belated audience presently caught the joke he would look up with innocent surprise, as if wondering what they had found to laugh at. Dan Setchell used it before him, Nye and Riley and others use it to-day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But the teller of the comic story does not slur the nub; he shouts it at you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 every time. And when he prints it, in England, France, Germany, and Italy, he italicizes it, puts some whooping exclamation-points after it, and sometimes explains it in a parenthesis. All of which is very depressing, and makes one want to renounce joking and lead a better life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Let me set down an instance of the comic method, using an anecdote which has been popular all over the world for twelve or fifteen hundred years. The teller tells it in this way:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But it was Father Peter, the other priest, that we all loved best and were sorriest for. Some people charged him with talking around in conversation that God was all goodness and would find a way to save all his poor human children. It was a horrible thing to say, but there was never any absolute proof that Father Peter said it; and it was out of character for him to say it, too, for he was always good and gentle and truthful. He wasn't charged with saying it in the pulpit, where all the congregation could hear and testify, but only outside, in talk; and it is easy for enemies to manufacture that. Father Peter had an enemy and a very powerful one, the astrologer who lived in a tumbled old tower up the valley, and put in his nights studying the stars. Every one knew he could foretell wars and famines, though that was not so hard, for there was always a war, and generally a famine somewhere. But he could also read any man's life through the stars in a big book he had, and find lost property, and every one in the village except Father Peter stood in awe of him. Even Father Adolf, who had defied the Devil, had a wholesome respect for the astrologer when he came through our village wearing his tall, pointed hat and his long, flowing robe with stars on it, carrying his big book, and a staff which was known to have magic power. The bishop himself sometimes listened to the astrologer, it was said, for, besides studying the stars and prophesying, the astrologer made a great show of piety, which would impress the bishop, of course.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Those had been hard years for the old priest and Marget. They had been favorites, but of course that changed when they came under the shadow of the bishop's frown}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He had seen many ghosts in his time, and witches and enchanters, and once he was lost in a fierce storm at midnight in the mountains, and by the glare of the lightning had seen the Wild Huntsman rage on the blast with his specter dogs chasing after him through the driving cloud-rack. Also he had seen an incubus once, and several times he had seen the great bat that sucks the blood from the necks of people while they are asleep, fanning them softly with its wings and so keeping them drowsy till they die.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We others are still ignorant of sin; we are not able to commit it; we are without blemish, and shall abide in that estate always.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~a winning face and a pleasant voice,}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Why are programs still admitting?}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Because grad students are cheap labor. The more courses you can farm out to grad students, the fewer permanent faculty you need.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I}{\f0\fs24\b0 t's just as bad as you've heard, if not worse.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://twitter.com/BretDevereaux/status/1603885980154531840"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Take a quick look at this data}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Ignore the rest of the thread though, what the guy is saying is nonsense. There's nothing we can do "as a discipline" to fix this. The jobs are going away and they're never coming back. It's an unstoppable cycle of "no jobs > fewer history majors > declining history enrollment > fewer history courses to teach > less demand for faculty > no jobs", which is only made worse by the overproduction of Ph.D.s. It's a dying profession and I strongly encourage you to do literally anything else with your life and career.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians/comments/zp9pgv/i_have_been_hearingreading_a_lot_over_the_past/j0rv6y1/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b1 permalink}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Defending the rapist - deshaun watson situation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}