{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri to Purl - how did you do that? In the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - I can see the threads. Faint glimmer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - I can see them too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Make Purl more into weaves and threads - artist of textiles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl - Threads}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri - Paint with the Spark}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sees Purl playing with threads. They stick to her. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s special.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 AMALGAMETE - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri kills Elrahet, feels he is supposed to. Put\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Elrahet\u8217\'92s Spark in to Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo kills everyone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl is like fuck, explains that Elrahet was cosmically important.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Elrahet should have seen this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They go down to Shis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Mandri consumes Burgeon to find the way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Confront Pell, who says this is the end. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going to start with Obo\u8217\'92s Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - releases horde of demons}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - obo fights them off, tells others to run, but Mandri stays, Obo is ravaged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Mandri buried under bodies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Comes to, Obo is ruined, says, you idiot, you should have ran, I did this for you. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - Mandri sees the red threads of purpose lining to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Her Spark is weak\u8221\'94 - earlier to presage that Purl, with a stronger will, gets stronger.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Out in the desert Mandri himself manipulates a Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tries with Obo???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Down to Shis}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell makes it clear that she wants Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spark }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 First wave of demons come, Obo succeeds, but is ravaged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri is joined by others who come to help fight off second wave.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri gives Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark to Purl.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl reweaves threads to Pell.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell is destroyed}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri is looked at differently}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) Demons attack}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) Obo defends against overwhelming odds to try and save the others}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) Mandri sees the solution involving Obo/Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 4.) Eliminates Pell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 5.) Allows for Company to escape.}}