{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb hated the hours that came before an ambush. He hated the anticipation. It got him all giddy and as time dragged on without a release this giddyness went limp, leaving him frustrated. But Seb was working on maintaining an even temperament because he thought that it put him closer to righteousness, so he tempered his frustration with the knowledge that this whole self-eating cycle was a symptom of elevated expectations. The future was coming and with it came death or glory\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hard not to get excited and make expectations. He dreamed of death and glory. Either one would be a surprise, and expecting a surprise is the worst kind of expectation. And that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s why an ambush was always worse for Seb than whoever it was he was ambushing. He had been thinking about the moment for days, so his expectations were built up so bad that they\u8217\'92d hardened into a sense of impending doom, such that he felt he was certain to die. Then comes the surprise\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he lives through it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it didn\u8217\'92t matter that he\u8217\'92d lived through it ten times over because there were Ayramun who\u8217\'92d been through it twenty times and died on the twenty first. Meanwhile, travelers in the Sand might be expecting to encounter some gang of hard-up outland folk, but with the Hrkan dominance of the roads it was a rare chance indeed, so while it\u8217\'92s a surprise when outland folk materialize out a valley shadow, it\u8217\'92s a short-lived surprise. It wouldn\u8217\'92t be close to what Seb went through. These people were lucky they died so quick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rumored that the mind\u8217\'92s state at the moment of death gets crystallized and lasts for all eternity as the Spark drops out of Time. If one\u8217\'92s last moment is agony then it\u8217\'92s agony forever, but all this was highly theoretical. People point to death masks as proof that all final moments are peaceful. Like a deep sleep. But they don\u8217\'92t make death masks of people who get ambushed in the desert. Sometimes, if a sharpened point of iron implants itself in the forehead and scratches the right lobes that, well, that look of shock and surprise gets fixed on the skull, and its hard as stone. It doesn\u8217\'92t stay that way forever, though, because eventually some gum-toothed, flat-faced lizard will waddle in and rip the flesh from bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It could happen to Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skull. And that was real worry. This particular ambush was feeling more dicey than most. The plan to take out the Mazyd and its Minder had to play out exactly as expected, or else all the Ayramun would be killed. If a Mazyd were free to run amok amongst them, they would be killed. No ifs or buts. A Mazyd could wipe out an entire army by itself. And even if they }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  take the Mazyd down cleanly, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be the fifty-to-eighty men of unknown prowess that needed killing. If they were Hrkan Skulsi, they\u8217\'92d have more than a fighting chance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fifty-to-eighty Skulsi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe ninety.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were only thirty Ayramun with fifteen arrows each. Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rule of thumb was that arrows go roughly three-to-one, misses to hits\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 depending, of course, on the skill of the archer. He didn\u8217\'92t have an aptitude for numbers, but it seemed like there weren\u8217\'92t enough arrows. It would be close, and close was dangerous. A band doesn\u8217\'92t live long in the desert if they\u8217\'92re always scraping by.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He knew he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only one wracked with anxiety because of the rest of the Ayramun were quiet as docked mules. Even the three lizard brothers who never stopped joking around, they were quiet. Ambushes usually weren\u8217\'92t an exception for them. A gold caravan could be passing right by and they\u8217\'92d find humor in risking everyone\u8217\'92s discovery by tumbling a stone down a rocky slope, or blundering a fart and then claiming later that they couldn\u8217\'92t have helped it. But even those idiots were keeping low and moving slow, naught but skinny shadows being whipped to and fro by Moto\u8217\'92s whistled calls though the Junei hills. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was no room for because rumor was that a Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were as good as Moto\u8217\'92s rock crystal lenses. Rumor was a Mazyd\u8217\'92s ears were as good as a spade-eared bat\u8217\'92s. That caravan was close enough now that if a Mazyd truly was in their midst, then his superfine perception could undo their trap. When their troupe came to halt in narrow valley, Seb sneaked a peek over the crest of a hilltop and he could just pick out the brownish speck of that caravan against the white of the Junei plain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was staring, trying gauge the manpower when Moto barked a whisper at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb! Get down!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb spun around and Moto was staring daggers into him. Seb hissed like a lizard caught unawares, then reluctantly ducked back down into the shadow of the valley slope. Moto was the only one allowed to peek out over the hills and down into the spreading plain. He was the only one allowed because he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d said he was the only one allowed, and Ayram had given him that authority. Seb couldn\u8217\'92t argue it. If Ayram were in charge he could maybe wheedle the priveledge out of him, but there was no sense in pleading a case to Moto because Moto reveled too much in the power to say no. So Seb slid back down the valley to take up the hiding place that he\u8217\'92d scouted earlier in the day}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a decent valley, long, narrow, and steep-sided, and it bowed to the left which was good because it kept their hiding places out of sight until the last moment. Still, Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think it was as good as springing the ambush in the Junei Pass proper like they usually did. Moto insisted on doing it out in the hills on account of, \u8216\'91everyone expects to be ambushed inside the pass\u8217\'92. Moto insisted that the best thing to do was to mirror the caravan as they made their way across the plain, then meet them in the hills and attack while their eyes were set the gap in the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb appreciated the logic of it; work against expectations, but at a certain point the best land for an ambush was the best land for an for an ambush, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter if they know its coming. People worried about ambushes in bottlenecks because bottlenecks were the best place to ambush. A valley like this was no true bottleneck. Compared to the vast expanse of the Junei plain, sure, it would do, but the slopes were nowhere near the height or steepness of a mountain shelf. The Hrks could just scramble up them and maybe escape. Seb could picture it easy, like kicking off the top of an ant hill and all of a sudden it\u8217\'92s a free-for-all in all directions.  Sure, they\u8217\'92d leave the wagons, but wagons weren\u8217\'92t what the Ayramun were after. And if those boys were Hrkan Skila, then the last thing he\u8217\'92d want is to be sharing a slope with them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All this was building up into a stress that only deepened when Seb noticed the look on Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. The man was peering through his lenses, and his squinting eye was so bugged out that he looked like he seen straight through the stomach of Solraheen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was close enough to him to hear him whisper, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Young Papi, a scrawny, short, and excitable lad with a ratty face, was squatting nearby behind a stone. He heard Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s adumbration too, and he asked the man, \u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re headed for a different route.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Papi squeaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to move,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not coming through here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto ducked down from his hilltop sightspot and tucked his lenses back in their bag. He sat for a moment, elbows on knees, a perfect picture of contemplation, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They were going to come through here, but now they\u8217\'92re not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They changed directions?\u8221\'94 Papi asked, eyes as wide as the moon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. He was back to brooding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Papi said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they changed direction, then you think they know we\u8217\'92re here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to move,\u8221\'94 Moto repeated as he looked over his shoulder. \u8220\'93We need to hop over a few hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Big Dill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bald, blue-eyed, jug-eared head popped out from behind a boulder to share his opinion on the matter. \u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t move now!\u8221\'94, he said. \u8220\'93The Mazyd will see us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can move if we\u8217\'92re careful,\u8221\'94 Moto replied. He flicked his hand in the air as if Dill\u8217\'92s opinion were a fly. \u8220\'93The caravan is still a ways out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s upper lip curled up. It wasn\u8217\'92t a natural movement. It was something he did because he thought that flashing teeth made him look fierce. He said, sharply, \u8220\'93If you can see the Mazyd, the Mazyd can see you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Papi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s said, \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve should wait for Elrahet\u8217\'92s smoke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of the thirty Ayramun were scattered about on either side of the narrow valley, and every single one of them were staring up at three men. They couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear what was being said, but over the years they\u8217\'92d gotten good at reading body language from afar. Moto was doing a decent job feigning calm, but Papi and Dill\u8217\'92s pained expressions told everyone everything they needed to know. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto picked up his unstrung recurve bow and crawled back up towards the hilltop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Papi\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Seb called after him. \u8220\'93We should wait for the fog to move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn waiting for that witch!\u8221\'94 Moto cried. \u8220\'93If her shits not here by now, it\u8217\'92s not coming. We need to move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Ayram?\u8221\'94 Papi asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 said Dill. \u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let Ayram worry about Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From across the valley, Skitter whistled to grab everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention. Once their gazes were in hand, he pointed up to the Hias mountains behind. There, drifting out of the dark belly of the Junei Pass, was a grey, wispy mist. It was hardly noticeable, but all the same it was there and it was pouring down into the hills, growing thicker by the moment. Elrahet\u8217\'92s magic was coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The snooty look in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes evaporated. He beckoned Seb up to him, and Seb scurried. Moto said to him, \u8220\'93That damned fog is going to make it impossible to mirror that caravan. I\u8217\'92m going to get down to the plain to make sure I know exactly which path up they\u8217\'92re taking. I\u8217\'92m putting you in charge until I get back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb nodded. Dill overheard and was less enthused. He left his boulder and squat-walked over. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t do that,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Only Ayram can put someone in charge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care who\u8217\'92s in charge,\u8221\'94 Moto said scornfully. \u8220\'93Just don\u8217\'92t leave this valley. Don\u8217\'92t even think about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t anything in Moto\u8217\'92s words for Dill to argue with, though the wild look in his eyes and the veins spidering out of his shaven skull said he was trying to find it. Dill was a man who was always defending his place in the pecking order. The list of men who could give him short shrift was, itself, short: there was Ayram of course, and then barely Moto. No women. Moteah could probably take him if she were allowed a sword, but Dill would never admit it. He had a hard enough time admitting that he\u8217\'92d lose a brawl to Ayram. He\u8217\'92d have to be dead sober, and even then it\u8217\'92d be all, \u8216\'91you never know\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91if things happened like so-and-so\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91if I were proper mad I\u8217\'92d beat anyone\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hateful eye chased Moto as the man scuttled down the valley slope. At the bottom Moto dusted off his burnt orange robes and then did a glancing head-count to make sure all the Ayramun were where they needed to be. He broke his own law of silence by saying out loud, \u8220\'93My fellow foolhards\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sit tight, I\u8217\'92ll be back soon.\u8221\'94 Then turned around disappeared around the valley bend. He was gone in less time than it took Seb to fish another borcandi spine out of his sleeve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was chewing through his spines at a prodigious rate. Moto leaving just made the stress worse. It was never good for discipline when a leader leaves the group, even a much-begrudged deputy leader like Moto. Without a man to lead Seb knew it was only a matter of time before someone got a bright idea that needed taming. Seb figured Dill would be the first to act up, because that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just who he was. When Dill rambled back down to his boulder he was muttering insults and curses at no one in particular.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Loosen up, Dill\u8221\'94, said Forty. Forty was an older woman with a rascal\u8217\'92s disposition. She playfully twanged her bow at Dill; a mocking shot at his self-importance. Dill sized up this affront with a puffed-out chest, and said, \u8220\'93Big show, biiiiig show. But you better be careful, Shorty, \u8216\'91cause anything can happen in an ambush. With this mist rolling in, I might not know which way I\u8217\'92m shooting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Same goes for me,\u8221\'94 said Forty, tongue half-in-cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pipe down, Sol\u8217\'92s sake,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty gave Dill one final fleer, then the two marched apart and settled down to watch Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mist bleed out of the mountains. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The humidity had already reached them; Seb could smell the pleasant musk of moistened earth. And up in the mountains, the mist was no longer merely mist, congealing as it was into clouds of fog, and a fog with magick\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d purpose was no mere fog, it had a vanguard that spooled out into slender smoky tendrils that slithered down into the hills like snakes. Some of them twirled up into the darkening sky and there the wind caught them, lifted them up higher, and splayed them out like fingers on the hand of death. A low, rolling drum of distant thunder echoed out from somewhere deep inside the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair play to Elrahet,\u8221\'94 Papi said. Seb agreed. This was shaping up to be Elrahet\u8217\'92s finest bit of belly magic. It was, perhaps, too good. If he could see it, then no doubt a Mazyd could see it too. What a Mazyd would make of it, he could only guess, but nothing about it seemed natural. And just as it was all starting to coalesce into a ,  an misty fissure snapped into the sky over the mountain peaks, and from it a herd of storm clouds emerged. They crept out slowly, hesitantly, like cautious cattle out of the pen, but once they were out they began to billow as they fed on the cud of magic that issued forth from the stomach of Elrahet\u8217\'92s den.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two fingers later and these storm clouds were blotting out the sun. Their grey shadow drooped down over the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s valley, and not long after that the drifting fog mantled the nearest hill and fell upon them. Visibility dropped so low that Seb\u8217\'92s near-sightedness was no longer an impairment, for no one else could see much further than he. Though the valley bend was out of sight, they l, but they all looked anyways, because they all expected that at any moment, Moto would come jogging back to get them moving again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then it began to rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a sprinkling shower at first, little pricklings on the skin, a light peppering of the sandy rock and clay. This didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t last long, for the raindrops swelled and in half-a-hand they were no longer prickling but plunking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A bit much, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Papi said as he sheltered his bow with his short brown cape. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t she know I can\u8217\'92t shoot no good in the rain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll stop soon,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rain dribbled off the rocks and stony clay, and where there were depressions and scars in the earth the rain was pitter-pattering puddles into being. These puddles grew into boot-swelling pools that overflowed their limits. Streams poured down the valley slopes, following the run of furrows that ancient rains had been shaping with a gentle hand for a millennia. Seb figured it was more water in one short span than this stretch of the Sand had seen in twenty decades. It brought out the lizards\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or rather pushed them out. A little grey bonbon popped out of the clay right next to Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot. Its swiveling eye looked mightily confused by sudden downpour. It was so flustered that it didn\u8217\'92t have time to notice Seb\u8217\'92s heel come down on it\u8217\'92s head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb looked over to young Papi. The boy was upset that the wetness had gotten through his layers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Might as well be swimming,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Damn this goddamn rain!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The curse was hardly out his lips when a gnarled flash of white lightning split through the iron mist above.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CRACK-BOOM!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A chorus of startled yelps echoed out from the Ayramun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Papi looked like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d shat himself. \u8220\'93Elrahet\u8217\'92s never conjured more than a mist!\u8221\'94, he squealed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mizm, a grey-scruffed old-timer stationed across the valley grumbled out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That old witch is gonna get us killed!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Moto?\u8221\'94 came another ragged voice out the rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Screw that,\u8221\'94 said another. \u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From there the Ayramun began to bicker. The specific charges and insults being thrown across the weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t anything new, but the stress and seriousness was reaching a dangerous height. If it weren\u8217\'92t for the rain dampening folk\u8217\'92s fighting spirit there might have been a brawl. One man accused another of being a \u8216\'91pimpled frog-catcher\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a slur implying whoredom\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t begrudge them their bellyaches. This whole situation was a raw meal. None of them were prepared for this kind of weather. The ground under his butt was getting slick and muddy, and if it rained any harder it would be difficult to shoot a bow because the wetter his bowstring got, the more it lost its spring. And there was no telling what a pounding rain would do to an arrow\u8217\'92s flight because Seb had never shot in such conditions. He knew enough to know that it wouldn\u8217\'92t help. For an ambush where everything had to go right, this was downright bad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But ah, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an expectation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bad. They weren\u8217\'92t good, either, but they weren\u8217\'92t bad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This kind of thinking, this of breaking the into \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91good\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91bad\u8217\'92, this was a symptom of expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The truth was that everything was happening exactly as it was supposed to happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb closed his eyes and whispered a prayer to try and repress these simmering expectations:}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 A well without water is also filled with purpose,}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \tab An arrow in the dirt has also hit its mark,}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \tab There is no mystery below the surface,}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \tab There is no meaning above the Spark}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb drew his shoulders in against the rain. This plunking rain. This purpose-driven rain. The fog, the bickering, these were purposeful, too\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to what end, Seb wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure, but now that he was looking for purpose he could sense a great deal of it, and perhaps it was brewing something terrible. The Ayramun were about to intersect with destiny\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was wrong to say, for destiny is ever-present. There were no bit-part players here. Poor and ragged as they may seem, these Ayramun were people, and all peoples are descendants of the first man and first woman, each soggy, grumpy face was the culmination of a hundred thousand generations of toil, as many generations as the Hrkan Lords themselves, and so each were as important, as godlike, for if but one of them was missing then events would not unfold as they were meant to. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But lets not privilege the living. If the rock under his feet did not exist then he would not be sitting here, he would be sitting somewhere else, and thus the future, bounded by lines of immanence extending from the present, would wind a different weave. Yes, this very rock was sacred, as all things are sacred, as all things are filled with the Spark\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sacred power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb! Quit your fartin\u8217\'92 about!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The call had come from Dill. He and a few other miserable looking louts were down on the valley floor, straddling either side of a trickling stream that was building up in the middle of the valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s run. Seb was about to chastise them for doing Sol-knows-what when he noticed Moto standing in their midst. Seb leapt to his feet and filtered down the valley slope with the rest of the Ayramun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Down in the valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, Moto face was alight with an excitement that no one shared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong with you people?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re about to bag us a Mazyd and you look mad about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tizm, the old bent-backed wonder, kicked at the swelling stream and pointed to the sky and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The old witch has overcooked it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A refrain of agreement rained down. A few shushed, and then others shushed back. Moto tried to calm them all with plaintive hands, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People. Please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please my ass!\u8221\'94 said Tizm. \u8220\'93This rain is gonna ruin everything!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The rain is perfect,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s got the Hrks hunkered down in a valley finger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks?\u8221\'94 asked Papi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Moto with a wary grin. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Hrks we\u8217\'92re hunting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The admission that it was Hrks, not Blackwood Jandri men, sent a wave of discontent rippling through the gathered Ayramun. Moto tried to stem the unease by lying. Seb knew it was a lie because when Moto was working through a big lie he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d smile and whine at the same damn time, like people\u8217\'92s doubting faces were annoying to him. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve gone and lined themselves up against a wall for us,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Jumping them will be the easiest thing in the world, but we\u8217\'92ve got to hurry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Someone on the outer edge of the huddle blurted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this about Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto raised his voice above the rain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Minder and his Mazyd didn\u8217\'92t come with a Blackwood caravan. They came with a Hrkan guard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb rolled his eyes as another round of shouting broke out, followed by another round of shushing and counter-shushing. Moto again tried to calm those gathered with nothing but a pleading gesture. In the end he resorted to a sharp whistle, which shut everyone right up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The fact that it\u8217\'92s Hrks doesn\u8217\'92t change a damned thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dill, his bald head sticking up above the huddle like a veiny, boiled egg floating in stew, spoke up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All the better! I\u8217\'92d rather kill a Hrk than a Jandri man.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re bedded down like rabbits in a long, straight ravine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb felt compelled to ask a clarifying question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The one with all the karkle bushes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve all got karkle bushes in them,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The valley we standing in don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 said Moto, \u8220\'93All we have to do is sneak up and shoot some Hrks. It\u8217\'92ll be the easiest thing in the world. I know it\u8217\'92s raining hard, but I\u8217\'92m not asking you to feather a Hrk at ten-score yards. With this rain and fog we can get up close. You won\u8217\'92t miss. You can throw stones at them if you want to. You can stuff mud down their throats if you want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram?\u8221\'94 asked another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A quiver of frustration flashed in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face and he shot a quick, pleading look to the heavens before he said, \u8220\'93This is happening whether you like it or not. And it\u8217\'92s happening }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 now,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  before this rain and fog let up. Now let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s get moving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned and pushed his way past a few Ayramun and set off back towards the bend. After the briefest hesitation, big Dill marched after him, and at his encouragement, everyone else followed. Together they were small, sad herd of outland folk, a jumble of soggy wool and tired feet slapping the mud aside the stream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb kept to the back as they eventually climbed up and out of the valley and then crossed over a few others. They tramped through a flooding basin, and all the while Seb eyed the rainy mist with some suspicion, for he could feel Providence at work in that mist. Unlike the Providence that people pray for and expect, this Providence was providing something undesired, Seb was sure of that. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d once heard a Solitant say that while Gods provided the good, they also had to make room for it by taking things away. Removidence is what Seb called it. Or Destructidence. There wasn\u8217\'92t an established word for it, which itself was a telling sign of the spirit of the age. It meant that people only cared about their relationship with the Gods so long as they were getting something good out of it. These Ayramun were no different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Gugi found his way to Seb at the back of the wandering troupe, it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t to share in the . The skinny man\u8217\'92s face was agog with fear. The man clearly wanted to talk, so Seb indulged him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whaddya want?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya know where we headed, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s that cursed ravine, the one where I found that dead body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should say somethin\u8217\'92 to the others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t ever say shit so no one\u8217\'92s gonna listen to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb chuckled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They won\u8217\'92t listen to me either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They would. I would. That ravine is cursed, and people gonna die if we get down in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said if we moved that body out of that ravine, then the curse would be moved out with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just sayin\u8217\'92 shit. What do I know about curses? For all I know that curse is what brought this storm and lured them Hrks down in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you tryin\u8217\'92 to get out of payin\u8217\'92 me my burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi spat a wad of borcandi juice right where Seb was stepping, clearly upset at the thought that Seb could think about debts in a time like this. Before he could voice that concern, a muted horse\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whinny was heard through the splashing rain. Everyone instinctively crouched down and rushed to the of a sloping mound. They were still a few-score yards from the ravine where the Hrks were sheltering. Nothing of those troops could be seen through the mist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto doubled back down the line of the Ayramun, and crouched down next to Seb and Gugi. Voice low, he asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two scouted this ravine, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi and Seb both nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Any thing we should know about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi was quick to respond. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s cursed and we shouldn\u8217\'92t be here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cursed? What do you mean, cursed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This the ravine where we found that dead body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, sure, it\u8217\'92s cursed. Now, I need to know the lay of the land. I can\u8217\'92t see through this damned mist so I don\u8217\'92t know if there\u8217\'92s an easy out for them up on the eastern side.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto,\u8221\'94 said Gugi, leaning into his words, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m tellin\u8217\'92 you, this place is cursed. It\u8217\'92s gonna get us killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what? If it\u8217\'92s cursed for us, it\u8217\'92s cursed for them too. Doubly so for them, cause they\u8217\'92re sitting in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but we the ones who found the body! We the ones that been warned! Not them. Us\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto gave up on Gugi and turned to Seb. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there any way in and out of that long stretch that might be too easy for them Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Naw that stretch is mostly steep. There is one little nook on the other side that\u8217\'92s kinda like a stair but that\u8217\'92s it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How wide?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not that wide.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto paused to think, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want you two to go back a ways, and cross to the other side of the ravine where it\u8217\'92s safe. Then work your way back down the other side and then set up where that stair is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just us two?\u8221\'94 Gugi asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto turned and motioned towards his sister, Moteah, who was not at all enthused to be at her brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beck and call. Like Moto, she carried herself with an air of authority, though she was even more upfront about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said to her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get Dill and eight others to follow Seb and Gugi. You\u8217\'92re going to set up on the other side of the ravine, and we\u8217\'92re going to try and push the Hrks towards you. So be quick and be ready. There won\u8217\'92t be a whistle. When they come, they come.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah snuck away, gathered up Dill and the nearest eight Ayramun, then brought them to Seb and Gugi. Gugi wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to take charge, so Seb mantled himself and led them all back towards the mountains, keeping the course of the cursed ravine a few-score yards away to his right. When he felt they\u8217\'92d gone far enough, he led them sliding down into the steep ravine, and then they had a tough time scrambling back up the other side. Steep as it was they had to hip-boost it, and once up they strung their bows and headed back towards the Junei, keeping low and quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb knew what features he was looking for but he supposed there was no way he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d find the spot until he was already upon it. So thick was the fog that he wasn\u8217\'92t even sure if they\u8217\'92d come to the straight ravine stretch.  The kept going and going, for further than Seb had expected. Really, he didn\u8217\'92t know the land all that well and he\u8217\'92d gotten lost more than most and these two things worked together to plant a wriggling doubt in Seb\u8217\'92s mind. Had he led them too far? He could be sure. he heard the contented snorts of wagon ponies drinking their fill of rainwater.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb crouched down, and the rest Ayramun behind him did likewise. He ambled over to the edge of the ravine and slithered up against a big, solid boulder that leaned over the ravine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip. From there he could hear horse hooves stamping in the ravine\u8217\'92s stream, and if a horse was that close, then a Hrk might be closer. He didn\u8217\'92t dare peek over the boulder to get the lay of the scene, but when he heard the clank of wood on wood he couldn\u8217\'92t help himself. He steeled his nerves and peered over the boulder and down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Right below him were two horses still hitched to an empty wagon, and behind them were two more horses and another empty wagon, and whatever was behind them was lost to the mist. There was only one man. He was a natural Hrk, so far as Seb could tell, a natural Hrk with redblack hair and a full black beard that made his head seem massive. Clad in a sopping wet , he was darting to and fro amongst the wagons, prepping them against the rain with all the urgency of a man who knew the curse that water puts on a wagon that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been drawing dry. It swells the wheels up when they\u8217\'92re already squeezed tight by the thin, shrunk-on iron tire. The rain moves on and it all dries out again and then it cracks and sprouts gaps. Sand gets into the waxgreased innards of the wheelhubs and grinds against bronze bushings. The wagon gets harder to pull, and it will start to wobble as it\u8217\'92s pulled, and once it gets that bad its a desperate cause. Prophylactic measures must be taken. Seb was surprised to see only one man making an issue out of it. He was driving himself insane as he scampered through the rain and fumbled with the wheel tents that were ready-tied to the wagon bed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where were all the others?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb turned to his troupe behind him, and the confusion on his face must have been easy to read because Dill grumbled and invited himself up to Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rock. The man kept his vein-strapped bald head tucked against the rock\u8217\'92s hump as he peered out around it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upon seeing the wagons and the lonesome Hrk, Dill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s confusion surpassed Seb\u8217\'92s. His eyes searched for some sign of the enemy\u8217\'92s true number and found none.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah joined the two men at the boulder and quietly stole a look for herself. Her usually uptight expression didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t show the slightest hint of concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s goin\u8217\'92 on?\u8221\'94 Dill asked her in a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I know?\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your brother\u8217\'92s the one who went scouting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do I look like Moto to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, you do,\u8221\'94 said Dill. \u8220\'93If Moto sprouted tits I wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to tell you two apart.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow tightened even further. It wasn\u8217\'92t anger. Seb called it \u8216\'91severe disinterest\u8217\'92. It was one of Moteah\u8217\'92s two expressions, the other being plain old disinterest. Problem was, that look wasn\u8217\'92t a good way to deal with a man like Dill. The best thing to do was to pretend you didn\u8217\'92t notice him or what he was up to. Ignore him altogether. Moteah couldn\u8217\'92t do that because she was like some beautiful feral thing, too neat of foot to miss anything and so it was obvious she noticed everything and no one would believed it if she didn\u8217\'92t, even if she really didn\u8217\'92t. To a man like Dill, that look of severe disinterest was like  shirring meat on the bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bitch is leadin\u8217\'92 us into a trap.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not leading anyone anywhere. Seb is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb felt the eyes of both these schemers bear down upon him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t lookit me, I didn\u8217\'92t set this up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were still looking at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb pointed north, in the direction of the Junei Plain, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a overhang in the ravine down a ways. It could do as a cave. It could be that the Hrks have taken it up.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be a cock,\u8221\'94 said Dill. \u8220\'93This is a goddamned trap if I ever seen one. I bet my nut they know we\u8217\'92re here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dill turned to the iron mist behind them and cast about a wary eye, as if the dark boulders lurking in the haze were really Hrkan Skulsi in disguise. He unwrapped his bow from its cow-leather strap and strung it with an easy flick. The rest of the Ayramun caught on to excitement in his movements, and they strung their bows in kind. When all ten of them had crept up to the rim of the ravine, fists full of arrows and clenched in teeth, Dill decided that the time was right to strike. He gave his bow a pull to test the string, and then he stood up and loosed an arrow down at the unware Hrkan wainwright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The arrow didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have far to go. Almost as soon as the fletching was free from Dill\u8217\'92s fingers the arrowhead was planting itself into the back of that Hrkan neck. The man clutched and gurgled, then fell to his knees and splashed down face-first into the budding rainwater stream. His head was buried full in the running water, and downstream one of the horses whinnied and stamped when it found its drink suddenly awash with blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dill ducked back behind the boulder and gave Seb a contented grin, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just . They all waited in silent tension, but nothing but long enough that the rain started to let up, and the sound of the running water in the ravine was louder than the plunking of the droplets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dill moved from behind the boulder and made to climb down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb caught the hem of his robe and tried to pull him back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no one here,\u8221\'94 said Dill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto said we should wait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dill stretched is arms out like he was the , and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait for what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A signal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Signal to do what? What are we ambushing, the horses?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the Ayramun, a young one named Ritt, popped his head out over the rim and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s Hrks down there somewhere, I feel it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet down. The Hrks might hear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Much to Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dismay, and Seb\u8217\'92s amazement, Dill put his finger and his thumb to his lips and whistled out a three-chirp alarm. Bright and sharp. The sound cut through the falling sheet of misty rain like . The horse\u8217\'92s ears swiveled as they regarded Dill with some skepticism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dill stood there in the bottom of the ravine, arrow knocked, and waited for something to happen. When nothing did, he growled a curse and shot an arrow into the back of the already dead Hrk. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not stayin\u8217\'92 here no longer,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that, Dill marched across the ravine and tossed his bow up onto the other side and started to climb out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah swept up in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s periphery and shot an arrow right at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In clean dry air a gull-feather arrow with a whistling nock would trill with excitement when released, but soggy as it was, Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrow flew across the ravine without so much as a whine. Dill had no idea what hit him, and it hit him in the back, right inside the left shoulder blade and continued on through the heart. He fell backwards into the ravine and was limp dead before he hit the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb gasped and swiveled round to berate Moteah. It was against the rules to kill one of their own, even a throbbing cock like Dill. Killing an Ayramun was a privilege reserved for Ayram. But before he could get out a word, Moteah grabbed him by the breast of his robe and yanked him down behind the boulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb twisted her hand off him and held it firm in his wiry grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What ya kill \u8216\'91im fer?\u8221\'94, he demanded to know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah put her finger to her lips and shushed him. Seb sneered and then spat the whole borcandi blob that had been stewing in his cheek. He spat it right at Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. Moteah ducked out of its terrifying arc, quick as a cat, and the wad landed with a splat on Gugi\u8217\'92s chest. Gugi had been hiding low behind the ravine\u8217\'92s rim minding his own business. He squealed in disgust as he flicked the gooey gunk off his person. Moteah clapped his mouth shut with her free hand. Her eyes flared caution at the two men, and then she pointed with her chin to the opposite bank and mouthed a silent warning: Hrks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb let go of her wrist and stole a look around the boulder. There across the ravine were two shawled figures ambling out of the iron mist. At first he took them for Ayramun, but the one made a foreign gesture towards the other, and when Seb saw a flash of white under one of their ruddy cloaks he knew for sure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these were Hrkan men. As soon as he put this together the two figures paused, cocked their heads towards Seb like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d felt his thoughts ripple the , and they dropped down flat against the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb trimmed fast behind his boulder. He turned to Moteah and had to restrain himself from shouting. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They know!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cry was hardly out his mouth when from behind them, on their own cozy side of the ravine, a Hrkan horn of war thrilled the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BWEEEEEEEEoooooooooo}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hrkan battle horns are deep and drooping bleats that tremble the bones of even the most well armored lizards, and Seb was clad in nothing but rags. When the horn blast jumped up behind him it startled him out of his skin. He yelped and swore and swiveled around to face the terror, and there, deep in the fog, running right towards him, was a blurry host of men, Hrkan Skulsi, white coats flashing bright under their grey disguises. Maybe twenty or more. To Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes they were a leggy, white speckled blob moving along in silence, all business, just jogging right up like they were lost and about to ask for the road. The fact that they made no attempt to intimidate the Ayramun through screams and yells was all the more intimidating, because that was the thing about Hrkan Skulsi\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they were killers, not soldiers. The power of the Mazydai had long made armies obsolete so the kind of professional fighting man that the Hrkan world breeds is one who doesn\u8217\'92t make much of marching, formations, morale, and pushing the enemy off of land\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no the Hrkan Skulsi were all about the killing, killing in small skirmishes where frenzied ruled, and for anything more substantial they\u8217\'92d simply call in a Mazydai and its handler and have them deal with the trouble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The horn bleated again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 BWEEEEEEoooooooooooo}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Skulsi blob picked up speed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb felt a strange warmth running down his thigh and he realized that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pissed himself. Moteah loosed an arrow at the running blob of men and before she\u8217\'92d seen to the results, she took off sprinting north. Seb gathered his wits and took off after her, and the rest of the Ayramun followed. They trimmed the ravine, pursued by that mob of Hrks, while on the opposite bank those two figures from earlier had somehow multiplied into twenty. They were shadowing the Ayramun, silent like the others, bunched up against the ravine as they waited for the terrain to present an opportunity to close the gap and kill. Seb nocked an arrow midstride and shot it across but it flew harmlessly into the mist. Others had more luck\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Gugi put an arrow through the leading man\u8217\'92s leg, and the man behind him was struck down when an arrow rammed into the side of his skull. The two figures crumpled to the ground and became stumbling blocks for the men behind them. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was always exciting to see an enemy die. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Moteah jumped down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb wondered what insanity could have possessed her to give those Hrkan Skulsi a leaping chance, but this wonder was brief because in the next instant a thin, golden beam of mazydfire came ripping right by his ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The line of this blazing beam extended out in the misty distance. Seb ducked low and avoided its swipe, but the men behind him weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so lucky. The fire ran right through Gugi\u8217\'92s eye-socket and burst out the back of his head as if the flesh and bone weren\u8217\'92t there. As his body slumped down the rope of fire burned a kerf into his skull, and then the fireline\u8217\'92s fulcrum swiveled and the beam of death swiped a downwards arc through the air, cutting four Ayramun into uneven halves as the fire smashed into the earth, sizzling the soggy dirt as it went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As suddenly as it came, the mazydfire was gone. The unseen Mazyd had closed its mouth and what was left of that golden beam ran roaring into earth, leaving in its wake charred flesh, black glass, glowing stone and smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All those still alive threw themselves down the ravine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steep slope. Seb bumped into a karkle bush on the way down and rolled uncontrolled to the bottom where he flopped belly-first onto the muddy ground and slid with a splash into the ravine\u8217\'92s nascent stream. The rest of the Ayramun were already scrambling to their feet and fleeing along after Moteah, but Seb stayed put, elbows soaking in the budding waters, for there in front of his very eyes was the bush he\u8217\'92d seen that morning, the bush from under which he\u8217\'92d pulled that dead body. Its black twigs bloomed above him like a monument to fate. His mind was unpinned by the significance of it, and he felt that awesome humbling chill which only comes when one glimpses under the veil of all banality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to be careful. This was, he knew, all a kind of illusion. He stirred up in himself a soothing balm of calm, reminded himself that this was not fortune, fate, or destiny, for these are words which miss the weft of the Universe for those patterns which sparkle on the surface. Seb had a keener eye than that. In truth there was nothing significant about chancing upon this bush because everything that happens is significant, and when everything is significant, nothing is. This bush was just a bush, no more or less a major player in the divine plan as the mud squishing against his stomach, or even Seb himself. Yes, this bush was just a bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And yet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And yet he was supposed to crawl up under that bush and so he did. He crawled up under it, right where that dead boy had been, and watched through the brambles as the Hrks descended upon his straggling companions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Five of the leaping Hrks were shot down before their feet even touched the ground, leading to a lopsided melee in favor of the Ayramun. Yet the Skulsi, undaunted, charged on. Their feet flung mud as their powerful strides closed the distance as fast as lizards, and their flashed and like ropes on a ship. The fighting was brutal, and Seb cowered under the bush that he might not meet obligation of battle. His gut turned at the sight of one man sticking his boot on the back of another\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, suffocating him in the mud. This cruelty was paid in turn with knife stuck through his gut. Side whittled side until there were only two men remaining, two mud-grumbled men breathing hard with blades held out before them. Neither made a move as both were content to catch their breath.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Insert no rain?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb felt the itch of purpose stirring in his stomach. Perhaps the bush had reserved him for this very moment. Here was an opportunity for decisive action, and this was all anyone could ever ask for, clarity of cause and effect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 here the outcome of a battle turned with him. Seb twisted out from under his bush to fire an arrow at the man he took to be a Hrk, but just as he did, two figures stepped up to the lip of the ravine above him. The shorter one opened its mouth and a golden beam of Mazydfire burst out it and cut both combatants in two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb froze in fear at the sight of the Mazyd and its Minder. he decided that the best thing to do was to play dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had never seen a Mazyd before, and he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see much of it now. It was shorter than its Minder by a good foot, and its skinny, misshapen frame was wrapped up in black robes and a black cowl like a penitent monk. The rumors were that a Mazyd looked and moved like a human but its eyes were the icy . Seb couldn\u8217\'92t see the eyes, he could only see the its hands and the general gauntness of its face, which was white as sea flour, like the creature had been dipped in it. Its head was hairless as an egg. The Minder was a normal Jandri man, dressed in the standard scribal robes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rich blue with a blue hooded cape that mantled his broad shoulders like a pelt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another man joined the two figures up on that bank. Unlike the others, he was a natural born Hrk through and through\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 blackred hair, greying around the temples, with copper skin and eyebrows so thick they could flog lizardskin. At a glance Seb knew he was a grizzled veteran for his dark cloak was held together by a silver sunrose brooch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the mark of military command. This man marched up to the much shorter Mazyd bearing a look of such contempt that it seemed to Seb that he was about strike the creature, but he merely pointed to the dead down in the ravine and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain yourself!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mazyd said meekly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You killed one of my men.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know which was which.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you killed both of them?\u8221\'94 The commander then turned to the Mazyd\u8217\'92s Minder and said, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how you people breed these things, but something is going wrong. Each one is dumber than the last.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You preach to the choir, captain. You\u8217\'92ve only had to deal with it for a week. I am bonded to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well get a better grip on it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t blame me, blame the guild. They\u8217\'92ve been experimenting and this }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 thing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is the result.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell them to stop experimenting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe me, I\u8217\'92ve tried. But their married to their methods. They insist they\u8217\'92re balancing intelligence and docility, but then they bind me to this Mazyd which is neither intelligent nor amenable to instruction, and when I complain they tell me to bear it like a man, and move on. So bear it, captain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those are not my words, but theirs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Captin is buzzing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mazyd, caught like a child between quarreling parents, bowed its head respectfully and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Minder tskd in annoyance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What use does the captain have for an apology? Tell me, what can he }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  with it?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He can\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, that was a rhetorical question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the Minder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand was short rod of wood wrapped in braided leather. He held it up to the captain and said, \u8220\'93You may hit it if you like. It won\u8217\'92t hurt the creature, but I find it works out my frustrations nonetheless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain took the rod firm in hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Avoid the head or neck,\u8221\'94 said the Minder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The captain swung the rod and brought it down hard on the Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder socket. The whole arm sunk down and went limp, clearly dislocated, but the Mazyd\u8217\'92s face was unperturbed. Seb, trying hard to appear dead, winced more than the Mazyd did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Captain stepped back to appreciate his blugeonwork, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t make Mazydai like they used to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a wonder the Lords make use of these things at all,\u8221\'94 said the captain. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve long outlived their usefulness. We Skulsi can handle ruffians on our own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Minder appeared hurt by this remark. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Captain,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93the only reason you\u8217\'92re dealing with ruffians is because the outland tribes are too whipped by the Mazydai to become anything more than ruffians. Get rid of the Mazydai and you might find yourself on the front line of a real battle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean, a }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  battle?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I meant no disrespect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It sounded like disrespect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assure you, I meant no disrespect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Studying. Calculating}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Calculating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have time for this. We\u8217\'92ve work to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t have a captain of the Skulsi brewing discontent behind my back. Out with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At being addressed so rudely. And said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remember that you are here to make things easier for me, not the other way around, and I\u8217\'92d say that killing my men outright is a violation of that mission worthy of censure. If you were not a Minder I would have had you burned out for incompetency weeks ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Minder was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, if I were not a Minder you could do all manner of things. But fantasies are the domain of children and beggars, not soldiers who stand up straight. Sol\u8217\'92s light, we speak of the decline of the Mazydai, but if you are Hrkan Skulsi then I worry doubly for the Lordship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speak plainly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pomped up like you deserve something better than what you\u8217\'92ve gotten, like you don\u8217\'92t understand that I can speak to you how I want. Worry about yourself, captain, lest that self-important stomach growl too loudly and get a muzzle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Worrying about you is}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 worrying about myself.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that were true you would be a jealous guardian of your sentiments, given how easily I could end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt you have the control. Just the other day one of my men saw your Mazyd let a outland scout run free. It could have easily burned the man down, but it didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Minder looked upon his Mazyd with some concern and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that true?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said the Mazyd meekly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The scout posed no immanent threat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I tell you to spare our quarry if it posed no immanent threat?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I give any order that could be construed as a grant of mercy to any of these people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then tell me, why did you not burn his sockets clean with fire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mazyd gave no answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was not a rhetorical question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92m not sure\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 You\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92re not sure!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah! You see?\u8221\'94 the captain exclaimed. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve barely got a hold of that thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shut up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait until Lord Stryt hears about this. He\u8217\'92ll have you out in the pastures where you belong, minding sheep not Mazydai.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, kill that man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat began to glow gold and an eyeblink later its mouth was alight with the fire of the gods. A thin beam shot out, and a heartbeat later the captain crumpled to the ground. In the place where his forehead used to be was a black and smoldering bore-hole. What was left of his face was fixed in hurtled surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Minder tapped his foot. He looked down on his Mazyd with . He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t ever think about what you want or don\u8217\'92t want. You don\u8217\'92t have wants. Get creative with my orders again and I\u8217\'92ll have us both sent back to the guild for\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His words trailed off because the Mazyd wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t listening. It shuffled towards the ravine\u8217\'92s lip and began to climb down into it. Despite its apparent frailty, the Mazyd moved with dexterous sincerity. It hopped down to the bottom and became to walk towards Seb\u8217\'92s bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 the Minder spat. The Mazyd did not answer. It was nearing Seb\u8217\'92s bush, and it was close enough now that Seb could see the gaunt visage of it clearly. It was a ghoul of a person, dark eyes that flicked and when it settled on Seb he saw a shimmer of gold. A chill through skin ancestral fear of predator eyes glinting in the firelight, but there was no fire here, only the light of Seb\u8217\'92s own Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop!\u8221\'94 the Minder shouted. The word seemed to shake the Mazyd\u8217\'92s spine. It paused, struggling with each step, then continued on as if laden with chains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said stop!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again the Minder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s command shook the Mazyd whole. It stumbled forward, fell, but caught itself with outstretched palms. The exertion to stand back up was immense, as every contraction and extension of limb involved a great deal of shaking and jerking that it seemed the creatures joints were made of rusted iron.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Up on the ledge, the Minder pulled himself up to his full height.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93STOP!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every single muscle in the Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body snapped taut and hovered for a moment, unbalanced, then fell over stiff as stone. When it hit the muddy ground the sound was slight, as Mazyd in its black robes weighed no more than a tossed blanket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its eyes remained unnervingly alert. They swiveled in their sockets and settled again on Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bush. Seb lay transfixed in them. This was no spell or magic, no enthralling glare, but nonetheless Seb felt an obligation to this creatures . Only broken when the Minder came into view. The man picked the stiff Mazyd up by the hips and began to carry it off. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the man had turned his back on Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bush, Seb slithered out, drew his knife, matched the Minder\u8217\'92s footfalls, and stabbed the man in his back. As the Minder fell Seb\u8217\'92s knife followed him down with a flurry of blows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 again in the back, under the shoulder blade, in the neck, then severing the tendons in his flailing arm, and eventually the airway of the throat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the Minder dead, the Mazyd went limp as it was no longer bound to any will. For the second time that day, Seb picked up . But before he did that, he performed a quick search gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body, as the man owed him some burgeons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}