{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Insert bundle of arrows here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 In earlier chapter, seb says the hills are the perfect place to set up an ambush. Need to adjust to have him expressing misgivings about the location to jive with this one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Insert Seb twanging his bow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Young alzheimers guy. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He won\u8217\'92t remember your name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \line He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bend he fell straight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 men that can feather their arrows at ten-score yards}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Change this chapter to be the waning day as seb moves through it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Seb was chewing through his spines at a prodigious rate \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  later on he says they can last a whole day.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Uncomfortable - wont say it, will say that other person is uncomfortable and should accommodate them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Make rain letting up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Through the falling sheets of rain he}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Does not share \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91end of the world\u8217\'92 optimism - cliff.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The primary ravine is a bit better formed here - steeper walls. In previous chapter, have this mentioned, have seb search for an easy route down and into it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Gay guy = first you hate me because you thought I wanted to fuck you. Now you find out I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you\u8217\'92re even more mad.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Bet if I made a whistle out your bones it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92d sound like a shrieking woman}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Sweat veggies}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Spherical concretions budding out of the mountainside.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.onlyinyourstate.com/north-dakota/rock-formation-nd/amp"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.onlyinyourstate.com/north-dakota/rock-formation-nd/amp}}{\f0\fs20\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mineralized Dinosaur dropping - colorful poop}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The creation of the Mazydai had made armies obsolete, this in-the-mud skirmish, small.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 MAKE CAPTAIN SURPRISED}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 End on burgeons}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 False horizon in the hills.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 MINDER HAS ONE HAND!   }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Iolo}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The problem with christianity is the \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91us vs the world\u8217\'92 mindset. It gets so bad, the teams are drawn, that if \u8216\'91the world\u8217\'92 does something good, they ust be against it.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 banks darkened with tangled wood}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 water mantled with poisonous fog}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 posined thats so painful its best to strabgle them}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Knever}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 On}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Guy tries to shoot the mazyd.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Check Ayramun count \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91there were thirty ayramun\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Replace \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91rule of thumb\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The breath of a \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8216\'91ssssss\u8217\'92 voicelss air pushing through teeth}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 More indignation? When gugi tells seb he wants to hide under the bush\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93In the belly of the ravine? They\u8217\'92ll walk right over you.\u8221\'94}}