{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been possible to keep white robes clean in a journey through the desert, but the Vessels managed it. Probably, some secret oil bath held the cloth strong against the smear of sand and sweat. The men themselves, however, were not as robust. They unraveled the moment they saw the courtyard skewered with pilgrim poles. Half cried out at the smell, a few vomited, the rest became enraged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle was the only level head amongst them. He barked orders with clean diction, orders assiduously planned for unforeseen derangements. He reorganized his men into squares, formed a squad of the literate to anatomize the scene, dispatched messengers to the nearest outpost, and sent scouts ahead into the Pass. He ordered the Ayramun to be sequestered away in the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tunnel, calling them \u8220\'93provisional prisoners\u8221\'94. His final order was to send the squeamish away to seek the spring which fed the Goree\u8217\'92s tower. He had them look for foraging opportunities as well, \u8220\'93for the return journey\u8221\'94. Moto muttered something about how there wouldn\u8217\'92t be a return journey, implying death, and Pyetle laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are no pilgrims,\u8221\'94 he said with a self-assured smile. \u8220\'93We will kill whatever dwells in these mountains.\u8221\'94 And with that same presumptive smile, he ducked into a huddle of his commanders and began to scheme.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done his job well. He\u8217\'92d stitched his men\u8217\'92s courage back together. Those keeping watch over Mandri and the Ayramun felt comfortable enough to busy themselves with killing time. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One tall fellow with a tilted chin and rebellious teeth took bets on which of the Ayramun would be executed first. The stakes were hardtack crackers and chappash bricks. Near empty backpacks were emptied. One man pulled a secret finger of wine out of his bedroll.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elsewhere, another man, a veteran with graying hair, whined about his aching feet. He unlaced a boot and shook an impressive stream of sand out of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two shorter Vessels sized Ayram up. They debated between themselves if they could take the giant, two on one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A half circle of ribbing smiles dreamed out loud, in a competitive sort of way, about Moteah. They leered at her, and gagged as she was, all she could do was frown. Moto, however, was taking mental notes. A perfectly calm and stilled Moto was the angriest man Mandri had ever seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All this gambling, complaining, and ribaldry disgusted one sanctimonious Vessel. This man was younger than the rest, and judging by his straight nose and even brow, his hope for humanity hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been beaten out of him. He pointed to the pilgrims in the courtyard. He preached about respect for the dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Idle chatter drowned him out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then one of those pilgrims gave a gurgled moan, and the realization that those martyrs were still alive passed through the Vessels like some sort of hazing ritual; one big man elbowed another, told him to button up, and his victim suddenly agreed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol is watching,\u8221\'94 was the whisper which silenced a bunch of clapping laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wondered where the line was. Because all these men were content to piss about when they thought the only suffering happening here was a pair of sore feet. Somewhere between sore feet and being poled by demons, there was a line where these men would give or leave respect. That line probably marked what they thought they could take. Or, it was simpler than that, and only one man in this group knew empathy, and he bullied the others into complying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But none of them bothered to quiet Elrahet. This whole time, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been mumbling unintelligible things. How she was allowed to stand there in the shadows and mumble unintelligible things was a wonder. These Hrks might know better than to hold an old witch\u8217\'92s enthusiasms against her, but surely they had limits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet scowled at them.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you value your lives,\u8221\'94 she said to all those gathered, \u8220\'93you will begin your hunt before the hand is through.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of the larger Vessels stepped towards her. This man had broad shoulders and a nose that was impossible to reason with. He met Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s glare with a dumb look of superiority.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell him,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. Her words were halfway between suggestion and a malevolent threat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The scribe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Vessel chewed on a slip of hardtack. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle!\u8221\'94 he called, in between bites.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. The man was too engaged in a hushed sort of squabble which cracked into sharper voices each time a new point was raised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch says we should start already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle looked up from his huddle, then broke from it. He ambled into the tunnel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow. He crossed his arms and surveyed his line of captives. His long fingers bore silver rings, each band marking several years of study in logic, rhetoric, and calculation. They clicked as they gave his arm repeated, rolling taps. He said, grandly, \u8220\'93I would be a poor mirror for the Lordship if I were to blindly trust a witch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then sit!\u8221\'94 Elrahet scolded. \u8220\'93Stay! You Lordling\u8217\'92s pet! And when you gather the courage to take the Pass, do leave a bevy of men behind. You shall need their hands to tender your carcass to the knackers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle smiled politely. Then a pilgrim just behind him gave a wicked moan, and his smile flipped. Revulsion stilled his sparkling fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wanted to scream at the man, because while there were always good reasons to doubt a witch, it shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been possible to remember them. Clearer evidence of a common enemy could not be dreamed of. Those pilgrims, wrapped as they were around giant poles of wood, had been repurposed into a sculpture park. Their regenerating blood deepened the cracks of the courtyard brick before running down into the gutter at the base of the tower wall. That gutter was full, near to overflowing. These sculptures must have been suffering for at least a week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And where did all the wood come from? The nearest tree was a whole river away. The simple existence of these giant poles implied logistics, systems of procurement. More than one hand was involved in this torture, more hands and more time than the Ayramun had available to them. It would require a host of hands. The Greskalun, perhaps, could account for it, if they could be counted at all and weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dead themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All in good time,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, and as soon has he said it, one of his scouts came sprinting out of the Pass\u8217\'92s depths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man was possessed by panic. He sprinted wide around the pilgrim poles and pushed past every intervening Hrk. He found Pyetle in the mouth of the tunnel and gave a hushed report. Mandri tried to read the scout\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips, but only caught one word: demons. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle scratched his cheek. He looked at the dirt, agitated. His bright fingers pinched his beard. Now and then he looked upon Elrahet with a wary eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do keep your horn at your hip!\u8221\'94 Elrahet jeered. \u8220\'93Best not let them know that you are coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle stared at Elrahet as a caught-out child might stare at his mother. She gave a told-you-so right back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We march!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Vessels around him balked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t say it twice!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His shout was like lifting a rock to see all the little bugs crawl. In short order, the Vessels were all lined up, and the hunt was on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It began as a hurried march up the gently rising wagon path. Mandri moved somewhere in the middle of it, wishing he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been left behind. Two eager Hrkan Vessels made sure he was miserable. They were hard men, the type to smile but mean nothing by it; lip bite smiles, showing no teeth, a smile that says I don\u8217\'92t want know you. And they were tall. All these Vessels were tall. It must have been a requirement. The only things taller than them were the tips of their swaying spears, the red canyon walls, and Ayram, who was forced to walk somewhere near the lead. The giant was a towering black mast which frowned over all these hrkwhite heads and shoulders. It was some comfort to see him there, drifting along. It sort of gave the impression that these ignorant Hrks weren\u8217\'92t in charge, and they weren\u8217\'92t about to charge blindly into the grips of death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The path through the canyon branched, and the march turned left, diving into a spindly fissure where the rock curved in dramatic sweeps that towered overhead. Sunlight spilled down these sandstone fins to fill the chasm with a brilliant reddish glow. The mush of sand and fallen rock that was the floor seemed awash with cinders. Mandri kept wanting to stop and stare at warm hues he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never seen, but he was not allowed. This was a hunt, a fact made clear by a stone brick arch which spanned the gap, and would have held a gate if the iron bars weren\u8217\'92t twisted in a heap behind it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beyond this gate lay the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tallest plateau, stretching beyond vision. Cut into its eroded slope was a jagged crack. Nestled inside that shadow was an ancient stair.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri almost fainted. His aches and pains wanted nothing to do with that dizzying staircase and its thousand-something steps, each steep and uneven. They looked like a ragged line of stitches. And worse, a dark stain ran down them. Mandri guessed that somewhere up above, some unattended bucket of oil had spilled, found a groove, and then streamed all the way down to the bottom. If it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t oil, well, it could be any number of other substances; perfumed wine, red berry brine, or ink. It could be slurried excrement, because why not; demons ran amuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But he knew it was blood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because of course it was blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Blood explained the stain, and it explained the general unease creeping under his skin. It explained why his knees trembled and why, as he stepped to the stair, why he felt the urge to flee. }
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Vessel behind nudged him. He began to climb. He could not take his eyes off the stain, for it appeared it was still wet, and in places, streaming. The steps themselves were so slumped that he wondered if it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t age that bent them, but erosion from this stream. And now he imagined a fuller wash blood running the steps, washing his feet.  they looked almost like melted wax. When reached the top, he looked for the blood stain\u8217\'92s source, lifted his eyes and found himself standing at the rim of a massive crater.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He had trouble thinking through his astonishment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been expecting to see a flat expanse, a sort of table for the gods, but instead he was met with a plunging hollow so expansive that the opposite bank was a few shades bluer than the slope under his feet. And that slope was vast. His sense of vertigo had never been more acute. The Hrk behind him nudged the small of his back and he nearly vomited.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was landscape unto itself. In the middle of it, smack-dab in the center, was a large stub of rock.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Approach.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  And then the trail of hrkwhite cloaks, some of then already halfway down the bowl, were the size of specks. They reinvested Mandri with a sense of scale\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 absolutely enormous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never seen its like.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It looked a bit like a clay saucepot set upside down. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rounding wall was scrawled all over with geometric designs; diamonds, squares, and circles were everywhere joined together to make abstract faces; animal faces, demonic faces, faces inside of faces. An oval taller than ten men demarcated the edges of a fox\u8217\'92s gape. The nostrils of the fox were the eyes of a hawk, and the beak of the hawk was the tooth of the fox and also the skull of a mouse. This parade of creation wrapped all the way around the pottish structure like a belt.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the man-made wonders get their place in Hrkan art, and so by rights this building, and the crater in which it sat, should have been included. The Hrkan brush is especially attracted to the monuments of Outland tribes, for the glories of the conquered vitalize the glory of the conqueror. This godly saucepot would have been a resplendent jewel in a Lordly crown. The lack of its account in Hrkan art could only be explained by ignorance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Lords did not know of it. If they had, the building would have been captured in a painting a long, long time ago. And the Hrks would have an easy time capturing it now, for it appeared to be abandoned. If it were a living temple, incense smoke would be everywhere smeared into the sky\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blue, while dour voices chanted Old Jandri hymns with all the guttural intensity of a lizard litter brushed with the scent of a snake. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the end of it, for the curving wall\u8217\'92s innumerable faces\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those jackals, bats, and sows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they all collapsed into a swirl of lines just above a yawning entrance arch, giving the impression that all the world was being sucked into the mountain. This was a carnivorous beast. Most of those swirling faces were stained by that same dark substance which dripped down the stairs. Yes, that grand entrance arch was a blood-stained maw. Perhaps it had eaten the Greskalun. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Form up!\u8221\'94 Pyetle barked, his voice a little slimmer in this thinner air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Vessel grabbed Mandri by the neck and arranged him alongside the assembling Hrkan squares. When they were all formed up atop that table of rock, Pyetle began a formal review. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His stern eye ticked from face to face. He seemed upset. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri risked a sheepish glance to try and puzzle out what was fouling Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood, and of course, there was Elrahet, a hunched rock of a woman in this sea of hrkwhite robes. She and Pyetle stared each other down in some arcane contest of wills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sir!\u8221\'94 A Vessel shouted. \u8220\'93There is someone inside!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle spun around and hurried to the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blood-stained threshold. He drew his sword as if to do battle with the building, then peered inside its mouth. After a wary inspection, he shouted, \u8220\'93A torch!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A particularly eager Vessel unshouldered his pack, then pulled from it a handy stick with a resin-soaked wrap. He knapped sparks onto a bundle of tinder, encouraged a meager flame with a few blown kisses, then set the torch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head ablaze. This he offered to Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will take the lead,\u8221\'94 Pyetle commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pride swelled the Vessel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest. He strolled towards the mouth of the temple, torch held high. Pyetle kept close, sword at the ready. When they disappeared into the temple\u8217\'92s interior, a whole square of Vessels spilled in behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few garbled words echoed back out, along with a harsh rustling and then a single clink. An uneasy moment of silence reigned. After a uneasy finger passed, the Vessels nearest the entrance slackened into unconcern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells like stale piss,\u8221\'94 one them complained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale,\u8221\'94 said the other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then from the darkness, Pyetle bellowed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fetch the pokes!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  In short order, Mandri and the Ayramun were forced inside. The rest of the Hrks came too, for the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance hall was a grand, colonnaded affair, as wide as a Lord\u8217\'92s barge, thrice as long, the torchlight could only tease the distant wall. In the middle of this dimness, dug out into the floor, was a large octagonal fire pit filled to the brim with white ash. Wind had tossed some of this ash around the room, frosting the floor. On the other side of this pit, facing those gathered, was a man sitting cross-legged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle stood over him, and waved his torch back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man did not move. He sat slumped, arms folded into his green, ash splattered robe, chin-tucked as if sleeping. The only bit of visible skin was his nose which peeked out from under the fall of his long black hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prolly dead,\u8221\'94 Seb marked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think so?\u8221\'94 said Moto dryly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle ordered more torches made, and when these flared up they revealed a floor rich with the scattered remains of all manner of small creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin boned lizard legs, bats, birds, mice, and plenty of beetle shells, too. This was the den of a beast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heavy robes turned}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  these gruesome scraps over as s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 he waddled right up to that cross-legged figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move aside,\u8221\'94 she grouched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle opened his mouth to countermand her order, but thought better of it. Reluctantly, he stepped aside. When Elrahet was ready, she prodded the sitting man with her cane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head slumped onto his right shoulder, causing his arm to fall out his lap and his hair to fall away from his cheek. Then he fell onto his side. The thump of his impact kicked up a cloud of ash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared. She reached down and rubbed the man\u8217\'92s green robe between her gnarled fingers. \u8220\'93Viggy wool,\u8221\'94 she remarked. \u8220\'93The raiment of a prince. This was Greskal\u8217\'92s son.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle spread the light of his torch over the ruined prince. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this who who you\u8217\'92ve come to hunt?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93Though he came near enough to succumbing to the hunger. See there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An arm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s length behind the prince was a dark lump lying on the floor. That lump had a mop of dark hair and a human ear. It had a neck, and attached to that neck were a few links of spine. What mangled flesh there was appeared to have been munched on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted between this horror and green robed prince. \u8220\'93This young prince }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 ate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that man?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural scowl hardened. \u8220\'93Do not judge this boy. His Spark was brighter than any of yours.\u8221\'94 She poked around the fire pit with her cane and revealed, buried deeply in ash, a large stomach. \u8220\'93He cut his own stomach out at the neck, then tossed it into the fire. See there, it lured the rest of his intestines with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94 Pyetle wondered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To curb the hunger. Be glad he did, for if he had lost his battle, we would have two Burshageets to hunt instead of one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burshageet?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, tongue toying with the unfamiliar word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was too busy rolling the stomach around in its ashy bed to explain. And what a sight. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pink flesh was thick and stiff, seeming more like a tensioned muscle than a digestive sack. When she rolled it over again, some part of it squelched and fizzled, as if it were still digesting something. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grunted, then mumbled something unintelligible as she dragged the stomach closer with her cane. She knelt, drew out her Black knife, and with a quick, terrible stroke, she cut the thing open. Another quick flick, and her knife levered the stomach\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s halves apart. Elrahet peered into them to divine the future, or, perhaps she sought the past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knew very little about the art of divination. He knew only that the stomach was the seat of the Spark and that the organ was subdivided into regions, each with its own special significance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the stem, the gate, the portal vein, the sphincter, and so on. Most importantly, there were patterns in the folds of the interior lining. One could, with the right training, not only interpret the true meaning of events with those folds, but predict them altogether. But his was not a functional knowledge. He did not expect, after half a finger of silent staring, that he would understand anything here, but then the dissected stomach squirmed and both halves together burped up a puff of black smoke that spread unnaturally quick throughout the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It did not take a witch to interpret this sign. All knew by way of myth what a Spark looked like when it was snuffed out of existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The astonished crowd of Vessels backed away from the fire-pit. Half-eaten bones crunched under their feet. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evil!\u8221\'94 one cracking Vessel shouted, while another fell to his knees and muttered a warding prayer. A third man lowered his spear towards Elrahet with an aim to end her then and there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put it away,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said, voice low and measured. \u8220\'93Or don\u8217\'92t. You shall need it soon for the beast is near.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems to me that our quarry is dead,\u8221\'94 Pyetle countered. \u8220\'93I see a demon here, and he is dead. Though I must admit that there is more to all this than I originally suspected.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And more, still,\u8221\'94 Elrahet intoned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri surveyed the shadows for any lurking demon that might be scenting the air with a forked tongue. When he looked behind a glint of metal caught his eye. He looked closely, and yes, the torchlight teased a glint out of something hanging above the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exit. He had trouble interpreting what it was until one of the torch bearing Hrks walked underneath it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was an enormous golden mask of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a rare Old Jandri relic. The facial planes were bloated with healthy fat. Long, curved lines traced the contours of His cheery cheek and bulbous chin like tattoos. Heavy lidded eyes lent His visage a sense of serenity. It was a style was long outlawed by the Solitants, as it was sacrilegious to depict Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features so brazenly. One must not claim knowledge of such things. Only the most abstract representation, a circle, would do. Even stretching that circle into an oval so as to suggest a jaw was forbidden on pain of having to start all over again. And this mask was huge, at least two heads tall. Solitant sacral masks could be worn, but this was much too large. And when Solitant masks were kept out of the way, inset into a wall or ensconced within a small wood shrine, while this hung out in the open. It was even mounted on a bronze plate and pillowed with opalescent lizard hides that had been polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a beautiful sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Though none of it glittered as brightly as it should. A thick layer of dust dulled its luster. Fire-lorn ash speckled His face like freckles. All this could be forgiven because there was no one to attend to Him. What could not be forgiven was how His golden skin was darkly mottled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pure gold cannot tarnish. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Greskalun had polluted His flesh with impure metals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No wonder they had gone missing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They deserved whatever smiting they received.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And worse, standing at the foot of the entrance arch were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine. It was impossible to say for certain what this urine was for, but there was narrative proximity here which could not be ignored. Surely the Greskalun were bathing their god in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish. One indignity to wash away another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They should have settled for a smaller Solraheen,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked from the center of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A chill ran down Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spine as everyone in the room suddenly looked to him. Thankfully, one soldier had noticed Mandri staring up at the face of Solraheen, and this man pointed out the discovery as his own. \u8220\'93A sacral mask!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This drew the attention of several torches to the shadow of the entrance wall. Their approaching light revealed a design which stirred a thrill of disbelief, for there on the wall, arrayed around the golden mask in sharp sandstone relief, were one hundred and twenty triangles, the overlapping rays of the sun. The number did not need to be counted for the pattern exactly matched the sigil of Hrk. The only real difference between this wall and the Hrkan design was how the sharp points of these splayed sun-rays terminated into the mouths of worried faces. These faces were carved with such realism that Mandri actually felt repulsed by the threat of skill. He wanted, again, to flee, but the Hrks had crowded the exit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this doing here?\u8221\'94 one gruff fellow sneered. His warted nose sniffled as he spoke, as even the hairs inside his nostrils were stood on end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why should these pokes honor us?\u8221\'94 asked another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honor?\u8221\'94 The warted one gasped. \u8220\'93This is defilement! They mock us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They mock Solraheen!\u8221\'94 said yet another Vessel. \u8220\'93A mask of impure gold is damnable work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All agreed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One man called to tear the whole wall down, prompting another to stab the stonework with his spear. He aimed for the nose of one the light-swallowing figures, but it was the spear\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tip which cracked instead. A shard of the blunted iron went tinging along the floor, and into the echo of tinging metal there crept a cackling laugh, shrill and deeply amused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All men turned to face Elrahet. So low and close to the firepit was she, with all but her ancient face obscured by her pillowing robes, that she appeared to have reverted to some accursed larval stage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you not Hrkan men?\u8221\'94 she jeered. \u8220\'93Will none of you bow to the sigil of your Lordship?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The crowd of hrkwhite cloaks were loathe to hear her speak, much less tease them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have your histories forgotten this place already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She eyed them all with a cold and steady gaze. When she found Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s questioning glare, she answered it. \u8220\'93This place is a prison.\u8221\'94 Her lips curled, and Pyetle stiffened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The demon we hunt is imprisoned here?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Solraheen who was enchained in the bowels of this beast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow scrunched up tight. \u8220\'93The god of all creation? Imprisoned here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He did escape,\u8221\'94 Elrahet clarified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would have bet that He did. What could possibly contain Him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A word,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said as she appeared to float up to her feet. \u8220\'93Every mind is bound by the power of the word. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Duty. Honor. Oath.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  These words bind you to this moment as readily as Solraheen was bound by the repetition of His name. If you had heard the word blossom out of the tongues of the choir\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not the time for stories,\u8221\'94 Pyetle muttered as he glared at the crumpled body of the dead prince. He sneered at the wilted shoulder and twisted knee. Even for a corpse, the prince pose looked uncomfortable. Then his gaze turned to that black stomach still sizzling in the ash. He breathed deeply. \u8220\'93Something nearby needs killing,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yesss,\u8221\'94 Elrahet intoned. \u8220\'93But see that what needs killing here cannot be killed by }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t agree,\u8221\'94 Pyetle mused. \u8220\'93If Schisol Himself could be killed by a mortal blade, then whatever creature slumbers here can be killed by mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93None but the Mazid can\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry to disappoint,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said rudely, \u8220\'93but unleashing your Mazid would defeat the whole purpose of our being here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you will have doomed every Spark in this forsaken world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well if it makes you feel better, we will bring him along.\u8221\'94 And before Elrahet could push the issue, he shouted \u8220\'93Slate!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only Hrk in the room not wearing a headscarf stepped forward. This man, named Slate, was flat-faced with wide-set eyes and a bald, gleaming pate, presumably his namesake. He did not appear to be a thinking man. More than this, Mandri was struck by the sense that Slate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blocky head could not, even in principle, be painted. His chin looked strong from from the front but was rather steep and weak from the side, while his nose was practically a wall from the front, but barely there from any other angle. With a skull so wide and flat, no two-dimensional account of him could be made. It gave him the impression of having been sculpted by a middling hand who refused to use a reference model.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle told Slate to help him choose who to send back to the tower to give a report, but this was only a pretext. He was to pick and choose which of the Vessels would die, for those who remained would journey down into this ancient prison, down to its stomach perhaps, likely never to return. Slate pointed out the shifters, the fidgeters, the men too eager for eye contact. Curiosity, too, was taken a sign of weakness, for it was well known that a confident man has no use for curiosity, he knows exactly where he stands and why.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle waved all these suggestions away. He opted to send away the men with families, as well as the men who were nearing the end of their contracts. These men were gathered and dismissed until only thirty-odd Vessels remained. Pyetle kicked up a strut in front them as they condensed into tighter squares. His pace was building up to a speech.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen put you here,\u8221\'94 he said proudly, pointing to the golden mask above the entrance. \u8220\'93He guided you all through your long lives, so that you would be standing here and now. He guided each one of you to this very moment.\u8221\'94 He paused to let the weight of this obligation settle on proud shoulders. \u8220\'93You are not unlucky to be here,\u8221\'94 he continued. \u8220\'93I would tell you to get rid of that feeling, but I know that none of you feel it. You know that you are lucky. Few chance to meet evil with the clarity that you do now. And how will you meet it? Will you charge into the dark and kill what festers there? It is easy to say, \u8216\'91Yes!\u8217\'92, but are you willing to die to kill it? I am. I am, because I will die with the luxury of knowing exactly what I\u8217\'92ll say to Solraheen when I meet Him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What will you say?\u8221\'94 Slate asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll say send me back, so that I can finish the job!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate encouraged a weak hurrah, and Pyetle swept this mild feeling up by drawing his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of your name being nailed to the head of a demon as children parade it down the Whiteway!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of the women!\u8221\'94 Slate shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The meaty women!\u8221\'94 Pyetle roared to a swell of heartier cheers. And with their courage half-gathered, Pyetle marched into the dark passage that was barely there in the distant end of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri was forced to trudge along behind, though he did not share in any excited visions of meaty victories. It was almost like these Hrks had completely forgotten that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just seen a Spark dissolve into wisps of smoke.}}