{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Boethius - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So now you have committed yourself to the rule of Fortune, you must acquiesce in her ways,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93If you are trying to stop her wheel fromm turning, you are of all men the most obtuse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Their bellies swollen, eyes bloodshot, pus leaking from their mouths. Midriffs rotting and bursting in the heat of the day, flesh half-heaten by hungry dogs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The thrum of trade and traffic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Emperor Justin, Died from an infected ulcer on his foot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unsettled cities}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Procopius on Justinian - dissembling, crafty, hypocritical, secretive by temperament, two-faced, a treacherous friend and an inexorable enemy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85passionatly devoted to murder and plunder; quarrelsome and above all an innovator\u8230\'85quick to devise vile schemes and to carry them out and with an instinctive aversion to the mere mention of anything good\u8230\'85as if nature had removed every tendency to evil from the rest of mankind and deposited in the soul of this man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Calumnies heaped upon the man}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Truth came second to prurience.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Great works of the ancients were rationalized and improved by references to almighty god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of his toughest tasks was trying to negotiate a path through the difficult issue of schism and heresy within the imperial church. By the time of his accession, wranglings between arian and nicene christians, which had tormented the western empire during the barbarian invasions of the fifth century, had bee ncomplicated by another dispute, between chalcedonians and miaphysites, who disagreed over the exact nature of christ and the balance between his human and divine qualities. Today the issues at stake can seem arcane, but in the sixt  century they were enough to cause popluar riots and international diplomatic crises. Bishops had bee nmurdered by mobs for professing views at odds with their congregations.\\}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A keen persecutor of sexual deviance. Moral turpitude bothered justinian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neat mind\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and there was plenty of it to worr yabout.  \u8230\'85 homosexual priests persecuted; amputated alexander\u8217\'92s genitals and paraded him around on a litter\u8230\'85gelded. Many died in agony. \u8220\'93From then on there was fear among those afflicted with homosexual lust.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Justinian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reign was a decree that pagans were not allowed to teach students. \u8220\'93The emperor issued a decree and sent it to athens ordering that no-one should teach philosophy nor interpret the laws.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For while scholarship in persia and other eastern parts flourished, with libraries in baghdad and other middle eastern capitals preserving and transmitting copies of the works of aristotle and other non-christian greats, justinians reign, and the sixth century in genreal, was marked by a self-blinkering in the christian world. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One reason that the label, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the dark ages\u8217\'92 has proven so hard to unti from the neck of the middle ages is that for hundreds of years\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 between the sixth centry and the first beginnings of the renaissance inthe late thirteenth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the scientfic and rational insights of hte ancient world were forgotten or suppressed in the west. This was not simply an unfortunate symptom of creeping cultural dementia. It sprang from the deliberate policies of eastern emperors like justinian, who made it their business to hound out of their world the self-appointed but unfortunately unchristian guardians of priceless knowledge.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nika Riots - -this was the horse racing colors team in constantinople; sport and politics intertwined.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Spent his days swindling and his lunch hours feasting until he threw up.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Massacred 30,000 people in the hippodrome}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}