{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was dark and foreboding, yes, but the objects that lay strewn around the brown rock floor were too banal to be instruments of some evil scheme.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been raised from the dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That was interesting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps more interesting was that these ratty bandits had somehow captured a Mazid. The Mazidai were the cornerstones of Hrkan Lordship, yet }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One quick glance at this spot of sunlight was enough to imprint a white circle into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vision that stayed true wherever he looked. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But there\u8217\'92s mechanics to it. There\u8217\'92s little quirks you got to learn by experience. Like you may wonder why I was restin\u8217\'92 on Papi\u8217\'92s clothes, considerin\u8217\'92 they\u8217\'92re unlucky. I did it because when your sleepin\u8217\'92, unlucky things will drain the unluck out of you, and good luck things will drain the good luck out of you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but that\u8217\'92s only when you\u8217\'92re sleepin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94 The man\u8217\'92s stubby finger was jamming the air, trying to direct the understanding right into Mandri\u8217\'92s Spark. \u8220\'93Cause things work different when your sleepin\u8217\'92 than when your awake. Like if you\u8217\'92re awake in a river you sink, but if you sleep you float like log.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ever try swimming while sleeping?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh...no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t. I\u8217\'92ve tried. And when we\u8217\'92re awake and moving about and decidin\u8217\'92 things, it\u8217\'92s the normal mechanics of luck and things rub off onto you. But like I say, there\u8217\'92s quirks to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty sighed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s putting you on, Tob.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No he\u8217\'92s not, he gets it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty groaned and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He talks all this shit, but he won\u8217\'92t ever back it up with a bet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t bet,\u8221\'94 Tob said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not morally correct for me to be takin\u8217\'92 advantage of others in matters of luck. Not when I\u8217\'92ve got my stones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if Ayram wanted them?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob cocked his brow and his mood soured. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, they\u8217\'92re not your rocks, right? They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s. You said everything was Ayram\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that everything was Ayram\u8217\'92s,\u8221\'94 Mandri repeated. \u8220\'93 You said that everything is \u8216\'91loaned out\u8217\'92. That includes your lucky rocks, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tob glared at Mandri as if Mandri had just insulted his manhood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now why would you want to know about that?\u8221\'94 Tob asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just wondering. You said that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, No. I want to know what you\u8217\'92re on my lucky rocks for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You brought them up. I was just wondering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be out here wondering,\u8221\'94 Tob said. \u8220\'93Wondering about other people and what they\u8217\'92ve got or don\u8217\'92t got will get you into trouble. So you just worry bout your rocks and I\u8217\'92ll worry bout mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right you\u8217\'92re sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you not to get him started,\u8221\'94 said Forty. \u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you just sit down, and wait like the rest of us.\u8221\'94}}