{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76973/pg76973-images.html#Page_129"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76973/pg76973-images.html#Page_129}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Blackwood 1853? }{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 In ministering fully to his natural wants, man passes through three successive stages. First, the necessities of his material existence are provided for; next, his cares are assuaged and for the time banished; and lastly, his enjoyments, intellectual and animal, are multiplied and for the time exalted. Beef and bread represent the means by which, in every country, the first end is attained; fermented liquors help us to the second; and the third we reach by the aid of narcotics.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Nor is the lightening of care less widely and extensively attained. Savage and civilised tribes, near and remote\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the houseless barbarian wanderer, the settled peasant, and the skilled citizen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all have found, without intercommunion, through some common and instinctive process, the art of preparing fermented drinks, and of procuring for themselves the enjoyments and miseries of intoxication. The juice of the cocoa-nut tree yields its\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 toddy}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~wherever this valuable palm can be made to grow. Another palm affords a fermented wine on the Andean slopes of Chili\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sugar palm intoxicates in the Indian Archipelago, and among the Moluccas and Philippines\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 while the best palm wine of all is prepared from the sap of the oilpalms of the African coast.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 while the milk of their breeding mares supplies at will to the wandering Tartar, either a mild exhilarating drink, or an ardently intoxicating spirit.\~}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His fermented liquors, wherever and from whatever substances prepared, all contain the same exciting alcohol, producing everywhere, upon every human being, the same exhilarating effects!}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The aborigines of Central America rolled up the tobacco leaf, and dreamed away their lives in smoky reveries, ages before Columbus was born, or the colonists of Sir Walter Raleigh brought it within the chaste precincts of the Elizabethan court. The coca leaf, now the comfort and strength of the Peruvian muletero, was chewed as\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 he}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~does it, in far remote times, and among the same mountains, by the Indian natives whose blood he inherits. The use of opium and hemp, and the betel nut, among eastern Asiatics, mounts up to the times of most fabulous antiquity, as probably does that of the pepper tribe in the South Sea Islands and the Indian archipelago; while in northern Europe the hop, and in Tartary the narcotic fungus, have been in use from time immemorial. In all these countries the wished-for end has been attained, as in the case of intoxicating drinks, by different means; but the precise effect upon the system, by the use of each substance, has not, in this case, been the same. On the contrary, tobacco, and coca, and opium, and hemp, and the hop, and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Cocculus indicus}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and the toadstool, each exercise an influence upon the human frame, which is peculiar to itself, and which in many respects is full of interest, and deserving of profound study. These differences we so far know to arise from the active substances they severally contain being chemically different.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Tobacco, as every child among us now knows, is used for smoking, for chewing, and for snuffing. The second of these practices is, in many respects, the most disgusting, and is now rarely seen in this country, except among seafaring men. On shipboard, smoking is always dangerous, and often forbidden; while snuffing is expensive and inconvenient; so that, if the weed must be used, the practice of chewing it can alone be resorted to.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dried leaves, coarsely broken, are sold as canaster or knaster. When moistened, compressed, and cut into fine threads, they form cut or shag tobacco. Moistened with molasses or with syrup, and pressed into cakes, they are called cavendish and negrohead, and are used indifferently either for chewing or smoking. Moistened in the same way, and beaten until they are soft, and then twisted into a thick string, they form the pigtail or twist of the chewer. Cigars are formed of the dried leaves, deprived of their midribs, and rolled up into a short spindle. When cut straight, or truncated at each end, as is the custom at Manilla, they are distinguished as\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 cheroots}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For the snuff-taker, the dried leaves are sprinkled with water, laid in heaps, and allowed to ferment. They are then dried again, reduced to powder, and baked or roasted. The dry snuffs, like the Scotch and Irish, are usually prepared from the midribs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the rappees, or moist snuffs, from the soft part of the leaves. The latter are also variously scented, to suit the taste of the customer.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But it is the soothing and tranquillising effect it has on the mind for which tobacco is chiefly indulged in.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The active substances, or chemical ingredients of tobacco or tobacco smoke, by which these effects upon the system are produced, are three in number. The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 first}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is a volatile oil, of which about two grains can be obtained from a pound of leaves, by distilling them with water. This oil or fat \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93is solid, has the odour of tobacco, and a bitter taste. It excites in the tongue and throat a sensation similar to that of tobacco smoke; and, when swallowed, gives rise to giddiness, nausea, and an inclination to vomit.\u8221\'94 Small as the quantity is, therefore, which is present in the leaf, this substance must be regarded as one of the ingredients upon which the effects of tobacco depend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 second}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is a volatile\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 alkali}{\f0\fs24\b0 , as it is called by chemists, which is also obtained by a form of distillation. The substance is liquid, has the odour of tobacco, an acrid burning taste, and is possessed of narcotic and highly poisonous qualities. In this latter quality it is scarcely inferior to Prussic acid. The proportion of this substance contained in the leaf varies from 3 to 8 per cent, so that he who smokes a hundred grains of tobacco\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 may}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~draw into his mouth from three to eight grains of one of the most subtle of all known poisons. It will not be doubted, therefore, that some of the effects of tobacco are to be ascribed to this peculiar substance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The third is an oil\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an empyreumatic oil, it is called\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which does not exist ready formed in the natural leaf, but is produced along with other substances during the burning. This is supposed to be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93the juice of cursed hebenon,\u8221\'94 described by Shakspeare as a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 distilment}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76973/pg76973-images.html#f5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~It is acrid, disagreeable to the taste, narcotic, and so poisonous that a single drop on the tongue of a cat causes immediate convulsions, and in two minutes death.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 And who that has visited the hop grounds of Kent and Surrey in the flowering season, will ever forget the beauty and grace of this charming plant? Climbing the tall poles, and circling them with its clasping tendrils, it hides the formality and stiffness of the tree that supports it among the exuberant profusion of its clustering flowers. Waving and drooping in easy motion with every tiny breath that stirs them, and hanging in curved wreaths from pole to pole, the hopbines dance and glitter beneath the bright English sun\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the picture of a true English vineyard, which neither the Rhine nor the Rhone can equal, and only Italy, where her vines climb the freest, can surpass.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~This time he is not alone, but has taken to himself a coadjutor, in the person of M. Callery, once a missionary, and, since then, interpreter to the French embassy in China}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Vivisection}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(from\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latin_language"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Latin}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 vivus}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~'alive'\~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sectio}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~'cutting') is\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surgery"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 surgery}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~conducted for experimental purposes on a living organism, typically animals with a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_nervous_system"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 central nervous system}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , to view living internal structure. The word is, more broadly, used as a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pejorative"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 pejorative{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}{\f0\fs24\b0\super 1]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~catch-all term for\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Animal_testing#Definitions"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 experimentation on live animals{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}{\f0\fs24\b0\super 2]}{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}{\f0\fs24\b0\super 3]}{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}{\f0\fs24\b0\super 4]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~by organizations opposed to animal experimentation,}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vivisection#cite_note-Yarri-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 5]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~but the term is rarely used by practicing scientists.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vivisection#cite_note-Tansey-3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [{\f0\fs24\b0\super 3]}{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}{\f0\fs24\b0\super 6]}}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Human vivisection, such as live\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organ_procurement"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 organ harvesting}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , has been perpetrated as a form of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torture"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 torture}}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Levantine Rambles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~There is more of malice prepense about the Frenchman\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s egotism. Quite as amusing as his English rival, he makes us laugh twice as much; but probably he would be the last man to suspect the chief motive of our mirth.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Withdraw from his work all those passages in which Gerard de Nerval figures as the hero, and the corpulent octavos would shrink into pamphlets. As we read, fancy presents us with his portrait upon every page. It simpers at us out of a graceful vignette, or peeps through the fantastical wreaths of a decorative capital; draped in Oriental robes, surmounted with a Turkish head-dress, the scalp despoiled by Mahomedan razor of all its flowing honours, save one tress upon its summit, the beard trimmed in conformity with the latest fashion of Stamboul. Turn the page and behold him galloping, with drawn yataghan, and glowing with military ardour, in the suite of a prince of Lebanon, out for a foray amongst the Maronites. A little farther he languishes at the feet of the lovely daughter of a Druse Sheik, or exerts his influence\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 far from inconsiderable\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 to obtain the release of her captive parent. But however occupied, whether martially, amorously, or philanthropically, Gerard de Nerval is always before us, the principal figure upon his own canvass. He is nothing if not egotistical. As to the value and extent of his information concerning the countries he visited, it is impossible to rate them highly, since he admits that his knowledge of Arabic was for some time limited to the single word\~}{\f4\fs20\b0\i1 tayeb\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 it is good}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 which conveys, he says, an infinity of meanings, according to the tone of its utterance, and which he takes to be the root of the Arabic tongue. It is quite clear, from various passages of his book, that he attained no great proficiency in his oriental studies, and that for the greater portion, if not for the whole period, of his stay in the East, he was at the mercy of roguish dragomans and casual acquaintances. He began his peregrinations farther south than did Mr Neale.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76964/pg76964-images.html#Page_447"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76964/pg76964-images.html#Page_447}}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 In the moral and political sciences the friends of truth seem doomed to wage an incessant warfare with the advocates of error and the patrons of delusion. In these fields of inquiry no ground seems ever to be incontestibly won, and no conquest so securely made as to defy hostile challenge. Errors that had been refuted to the satisfaction of all thinking men, and consigned to the limbo of oblivion, are prone to appear in vigorous rejuvenescence, and to demand, like the heads of the fabulous hydra, a second extermination. In physical science the progress may be slow; but, a step in advance being gained, it can neither be lost nor questioned. The law of gravitation once proved, the most daring Pyrrhonist could not deny it without raising a doubt of his sanity; and the moment Pythagoras offered his hecatomb to the gods, no geometrician could ever be asked to redemonstrate that the square of the hypotenuse of a right-angled triangle was equal to the squares of the sides. In morals, and the mixed science of politics, so much is the case reversed, that no one position can be held as settled beyond the chance of subsequent controversy. To repine at such a result would be ridiculous, and would imply an unpardonable ignorance of an elementary law regulating every moral and political inquiry. No evidence in favour of any one proposition in these branches of human knowledge can ever amount to scientific certainty; and, not amounting to scientific certainty, no proposition can be determined so that it may not be opened up for fresh adjudication and discussion. These, accordingly, have ever been the fields in which moonstruck speculators have delighted to disport; it being impossible to demonstrate that any experiments made in these metaphysical regions have resulted in disastrous failures.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 The permanency of the fall being admitted, there fortunately is no room for mystifying the extent of that fall. The fiars prices of grain, judicially determined every year in the several counties of Scotland, and the averages struck in the great grain markets of England, furnish unchallengeable data, whereby the amount of the fall may be certainly estimated. Without encumbering the reader with statistics, we may mention, that after a careful collation of the prices, it would seem that the prices of grain during the last two years of unmodified Free Trade have fallen about one-third, when contrasted with its average price during the twenty preceding years of Protection. In several of the counties of Scotland, which we have compared, the fall ranges from 30 to 35 per cent. In the great county of Perth, the Yorkshire of Scotland, and which may be quoted as a fair sample of the Scottish corn market, the reduction amounts to a fraction more than 33 per cent. It is unnecessary to dwell upon this part of the case, because we are not aware that the amount of the fall in the price of grain has ever been questioned. Indeed, it is scarcely possible that it could be so. It was the permanency of the reduction that the Free Trade theorists so long and so strenuously denied\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 thus repudiating, with reckless effrontery, the promised blessing of their own policy.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Puerile}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 One of the stale and commonplace fallacies repeated\~}{\f4\fs20\b0\i1 usque ad nauseam}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~by the Free Trade economists, and greatly relied on by them, is the following. Farmers, say they, are inveterate grumblers. They have always grumbled. They grumbled in 1815, when the price of wheat was 80s.;\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and they give copious quotations from the evidence of practical agriculturists, taken by Parliamentary Committees, to prove their charge. The statement, and the intended inference from it, are based, however, upon an inexcusable ignorance, or a most criminal concealment of the facts. The unparalleled taxation and other expenses of the\~}{\f4\fs20\b0\i1 peculiar}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~period referred to, rendered even the 80s. a poor remuneration to the home-grower. In 1815 the annual expenditure of the nation amounted to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u163\'A3100,000,000, while the population was only 13,000,000\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 the rate of contribution being thus about \u163\'A37, 15s. per head. At present, the national expenditure is about \u163\'A352,000,000, and the population about 20,000,000, (Census 1841)\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that is, \u163\'A32, 12s. per head. The truth is, with wheat at 56s., we believe that the farmer of the present day would be better able to maintain his position than the farmer of 1815 was with wheat at 80s. It is marvellous to consider what unconscionable drafts the Free Trade sophists make upon the ignorance of their readers. Abolish taxation and lower wages to the Continental rate, and the energy and enterprise of the British farmer will enable him, even with his inferior climate, to compete with the agriculturists of more favoured climes.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}