{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meskalim was one of the last cities to rise when the holy continent was pulled up from the waters. On the earliest maps it was nothing but a nameless black dot sitting halfway down Jandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s western rib. Nobody cared for a small flesh market that merchants skipped on the way down around the horn and east to Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This all changed when a child slave slipped and fell into a hole. What that girl was doing in the foothills of the Hias mountains, so far from the city, only Solraheen knew. Perhaps Solraheen who led her there Himself, for when she was rescued from the earth, she was clutching a nugget of gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The shepherd who found her went back to that hole the next day with an oil lamp and a bit of climbing expertise. Twelve feet down, his eye caught the glint of a gold stringer slanting sideways through the granite. He followed that thin, jagged line of gold through a tight-fitting pocket, and there in that fracture he found a vein of gold that was wider than his arms could stretch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mines were driven into the hills. No real thought was given to managing the uncountable tons of rock that were pressing down on the blooming network of tunnels. When the people of Meskalim dug into the earth they put up wood beams and packed the walls tight with a stiffening mud, but that was it. They didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand that the granite there was fiercely jointed, and that a beam supporting one rock might be doing nothing for another just a few inches away. The odd cave-in should have served as a warning. One might be tempted to say these ancient peoples did not understand the danger because they were blinded by greed, but the simpler truth was that they were simply ignorant. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Still, Meskalim became a golden city on the maps of a golden age. Its thousand white domes were enameled with sacred geometries. Its boulevards were filled with all the peoples of the world. Its army was twice the size of any other. Its port was the very center of the earth. All of this because of gold. And who does not know that gold is Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stone? It is as bright and as immutable as the divine. Leave it in the dirt for a million years and it will stay as brilliant as the day it was interred. Roll it around in the hands and it provokes a yearning akin to spiritual rapture\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a yearning for more, for as much as one can get. The folk of Meskalim devoted their lives to that call. They followed it wherever it went, even under the city itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One day, a miner slammed his pick into the wrong hairline crack. The waters of the Shalbrum sea flooded in. When the thinned bedrock fell, the golden city above fell with it. More than five hundred thousand people were swallowed up in the slush of earth, though the number grows larger with each retelling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But humans are redoubtable creatures when gold is at hand, so it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for the city to be rebuilt from scratch further south. Meskalim the second swelled anew. This time, whenever a nugget of gold was pulled from the ground it was stored in a warehouse before being shipped across the sea, or down and around to Jeket. Folks feared the earth might open up at any time to eat their treasures, so common sense demanded that the wealth would be better used elsewhere. And so, for thousands of years, Meskalim\u8217\'92s temple was poor and its people poorer. Its streets weren\u8217\'92t laid out with any sense, much less paved, and these mucky avenues didn\u8217\'92t adhere to the natural contours of the land because when someone wanted to build a house they simply plopped it down wherever inspiration struck. And these houses were ugly things, shouldn\u8217\'92t be called houses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they were dwellings, crumpled plugs of mud, lumber, and straw with windowless walls all askew. There wasn\u8217\'92t a true roof beam in all the lower city. A horde of these things were smashed up against each other like one big deposit of mud that the Istil wind had, by chance, blown together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stand the sight of the place unless he was deep in a burgeon binge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unfortunately, he had to pace his hooch because he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t afford to be so run through that he couldn\u8217\'92t walk. He had to feather the drink\u8217\'92s effect, take sips every hundred staggered steps or so to keep himself bouncing off that point of no return. It was a dangerous game, taking off the edge in chunks, but it was one he was determined to play to avoid thinking about Pel\u8217\'92s bloody, haunting face. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was walking right there in front him, preternaturally tall, shambling along like a wight. Her long black robes were still splattered with blood, though the cloth was so dark one could hardly tell she was drenched in it. The rain helped with that too, it made everything wet so that she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stick out. She might have caused a panic otherwise. There were a few farmers muddling about, shouldering clod-mallets and rakes, leading donkeys panniered with baskets of shit. These men took one look at Pel and darted down alleys that did not lead to where they wanted to go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri saw his own reflection in a puddle. His gaunt face had a wild bearing. There was an otherworldliness in him. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t place why until he saw how his pupils were blown wide open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That was good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wanted them as wide as wide could be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The smallest slight of light should be able to get in there, bounce around, and blind him to all the ugliness. Even the muck welling up between his toes should be sparkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sipped his hooch. A big sip. An iris stretching sip. And now some of these sparkling bits of rain seemed tangible, like he could get the very essence of sunlight itself glommed up between his fingertips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sighed, and kept walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel was a mean old witch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Look at that shawl of blood. Poor Gil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He followed her to an empty crossroads surrounded by some of the blobbiest mud-caked slums in all of Meskalim. The roofs were all topped off with little nipple chimneys, and there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a door in sight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only rags hanging down to cover lamplit, onion-drenched interiors. Mandri lingered here for a moment, stooping like an idiot, back hunched, hair drenched, brown robe slipping off his shoulder, for he was struck dumb by the sight of his own hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He held it up high.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His own skin was sparkling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the hollow of his palm was a pool of that starry substance. He tried to touch the little sparkles, tried to rub them off, but that was no good because his fingers were sparkling too. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t merely wetness, he was sure of it. He was seeing something real.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He licked his index finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His tongue tingled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A heavenly sensation flooded his mouth, impossible to describe, something like apple-juice mixed with god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He squealed with delight, then bent down and scraped up a dollop of mud with his finger, for it was sparkling too. He licked it, and again, his mouth was flooded with that flavor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fool!\u8221\'94 Pel screeched as she doubled back to fetch him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see it!\u8221\'94 Mandri exclaimed. \u8220\'93A white glow! I can taste it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve had enough,\u8221\'94 Pel said as she snatched Mandri\u8217\'92s hooch out of his hand. She then threw the blessed drink into one of those nipple chimneys.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Off they went again, moving as fast as Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s slipping feet could manage. They hurried past empty stalls and long misty malls where the cold rain slapped the earth\u8217\'92s heat into steam. Somewhere in this ramshackle, mud-grey gloom was the base of Meskalim\u8217\'92s central hill. The upper half of the hill could be seen towering overhead, half shrouded in a cloud, studded with white buildings, each clinging to the steep rock sides like barnacles on a bloated corpse. These were the various offices of the local Hrkan government, as well as the mansions of the people who staffed them. The largest building was the residence of Salavan Soreen. All Mandri knew of the man was that, at forty-two, Salavan was one of the youngest Voices in the Lordly Choir. His palace claimed a privileged vista at the top of the hill\u8217\'92s southern cliff. Its wide balcony leered over the muddy rumps of the city below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel led Mandri straight to Hill Road, that winding, rising road, and there she stepped behind him and pushed him into a trot. It was hard trudging from then on. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs were completely out of wire by the time he made it to the top. He was almost too tired to be miserable, but when he saw Salavan\u8217\'92s walls, a clean and deep disgust zipped right into him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As a rule, Mandri hated walls, and Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall was among the most perverse. It was huge, four-men tall. Its only purpose was to stand there and look daunting so that poor Meskalimi didn\u8217\'92t get any ideas. Most walls that big in a place as wet as Meskalim were streaked with black and brown grime climbing up from the street, but Salavan\u8217\'92s wall was pristine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the plaster was as white as the day it was slathered on. No doubt Salavan spent more money cleaning that wall than he spent on bread for widows and orphans, or anything for anyone. Yes, that wall\u8217\'92s raw materials could buy at least a hundred slaves, and its maintenance, five slaves a year.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At least this wall was doing a job, keeping others out. Some walls on the lower rungs of Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hill couldn\u8217\'92t keep out a flying shit. Less than half the size, those walls were purely decorative. Imagine that, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 a decorative wall}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even trying to fend off the masses. All those stunted slabs were doing was advertising their owner\u8217\'92s allegiance to civilization\u8217\'92s disdain for god\u8217\'92s free and open space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood in front of the Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall, drooling. The burgeonsight warped all the wall\u8217\'92s dimples, scratches, and faint finger-drags imprinted there in the plaster. He couldn\u8217\'92t shake the feeling that the wall was daring him, like a schoolyard bully, to just try it and see what happens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A ways away, the wall was pocked by a squared arch, and underneath this arch was an ironwood gate guarded by two goons on either side. These men were huddled close to the gate so as to squeeze themselves out of the rain, though it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t doing them much good; they were as sodden as Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the best of light, a hired man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was an unsettling thing. A lifetime of trading violence for money fixes his expression into a state of permanent concern, and once the brow and cheek get slashed with scars, the whole thing becomes an angry mess. But blur that face with a little foggy rain, twist it with burgeonsight, and now that professional brawler looks like a demon sniffing around for stomachs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, those were two demons guarding Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gate. They had swords\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 short, street-wise swords clipped to high-waisted belts. They couldn\u8217\'92t be full-fledged demons, because this was not a prestigious post. Greater demons than these would be greasing the feet of backsliding priests, or tricking young beauties into thinking that taking it up the bum doesn\u8217\'92t count.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey!\u8221\'94 shouted one of these demons as he peeked out from under the arch. \u8220\'93Scram, boy!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Git yous butt gawn,\u8221\'94 the other demon said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not expect demons to have regional accents. This latter demon grew up in a sun-slum near Iskabat. The first had no doubt crawled out of a Jeketian gutter, for his lilt and swagger could only have come from someone who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d fought his way out of filth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel stepped out from behind Mandri, and both demons shrank back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Open the door,\u8221\'94 she snarled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Iskabati bowed and opened the gate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cutout door. He stepped aside, and Pel motioned for Mandri to enter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hesitated. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to go in, but he couldn\u8217\'92t see any alternative options. Ostensibly, there was an infinite number of possible paths his life could take. He could run away and hope to flee back down the hill. He could jump off the hill\u8217\'92s side and let his body break on the tumble down. He could steal one of those demon\u8217\'92s swords and make a little trouble before getting poked. Perhaps he could engage his wit and talk his way out this. But of course, he didn\u8217\'92t consider any of these options. Burgeons had this way of narrowing all life\u8217\'92s possibilities down to the one right in front of his face. This was why burgeons were so despised by so many; they dulled any sense of the future, leading to an unremarkable life. Mandri would argue that everyone walks through life\u8217\'92s infinite possibilities with their eyes set on a narrow array of options, so if sober people were ignoring an effective infinity, what was the harm in sipping on burgeons to ignore a couple more? Especially when all those options were bad. At least he wasn\u8217\'92t trying to build walls, those literal embodiments of the restriction of possibility. Yes, people who built walls were higher on fear than he had ever been on burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And without really knowing he was doing it, he stepped through the gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The door clanged behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shiver ran through his spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was amazing how fast he could come to regret a decision he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know he\u8217\'92d made.}}