{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first floor of the tower was nearly as dark as a cave, composed of a single hallway running north to south, and in the middle of this hall, on either side, were sets of wide oaken double doors that opened up into large dust-strewn storage rooms that nothing in them but stone pillars. At the end of the hall was a staircase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The second floor was a single room, pillars included, and four paces around the circumference, there was a narrow window. Scant rays of light filtered in through the slits in the eastern side, while the views through the windows to the west were obstructed by the forms of Ayramun jostling to get a better look at the Hrkan horse and rider as they trotted towards their leader on the sand below. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri watched all this from the staircase. Once he was ready, he ducked down into the dark of the first floor to dab one meager droplet of juice from the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon onto his tongue. No more than that; the idea was to escape, not end up catatonic like before. He then plugged the tiny hole he\u8217\'92d made in the burgeon with a tightly rolled scrap of woolen rag, and he stuffed the thing in his pocket for later. If he rationed it carefully, he could make it last a week. Then, maybe, he could steal another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat down on the fourth stair-step and waited there in the dark for the burgeon-sight to take hold. He knew it wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl got to him first.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Mandri?\u8221\'94, she asked from above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hide his disappointment when he said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here! I\u8217\'92m here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not wanting to seem , he stood up, and climbed up rest of the stairs to be with the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Out of the four Ayramun, Purl was the only one who wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t glued to the western window. She was sitting against the eastern wall, still strapped into her pack. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t take it off,\u8221\'94 Purl said to him when she noticed he was wanting to be rid of his own pack. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to be ready to run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It only takes a second to put it on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave it on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, and he plopped himself down right next Purl, pack and all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He leaned into her and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have any idea how we\u8217\'92re supposed to get out of this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram has a plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t seem like it to me. His words, if I recall, were, \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92ll figure it out\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When he says that it\u8217\'92s because he knows we won\u8217\'92t like the plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seems like he\u8217\'92s winging it to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you sweating?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m stressed. And my pack is heavy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s cold in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well, I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to say that burgeons make his heart beat faster, and that gets him worried and sweating about it even though it happens every time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you that sad about Obo?\u8221\'94, Purl asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sad, I\u8217\'92m\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know how to describe it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first time I saw Obo, I watched him kill thirty Ayramun, and if you asked me then if it was possible that I could feel anything but anger about him, I would have smacked you in the face for suggesting it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you can\u8217\'92t bring yourself to blame him, can you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s infuriating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sank lower into his pack, which was quite comfy with all the new additions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The thing that gets me is that I feel guilty,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing I could have done for him, so why do I feel guilty?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sighed and looked up at the ceiling. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Life is horrible. I can\u8217\'92t think of one person who isn\u8217\'92t miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God, you\u8217\'92re so dumb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who do you think has it good?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Most people who aren\u8217\'92t us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The most miserable sap I've ever seen was a Hrkan prince. I looked into his eyes and it was like he was already old, and it wasn't a \u8216\'91just-happy-to-be-here\u8217\'92 old, it was that joyless, \u8216\'91I-wish-I-could-be-you\u8217\'92 old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet those pilgrims on those poles would prefer to be a Hrkan Prince.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, yes, there\u8217\'92s levels to misery, but that doesn\u8217\'92t change the fact that everyone is some shade of miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  are miserable, and so you think everyone else is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Name me one person who isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t some shade of miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can lie all you want, but that doesn\u8217\'92t change the facts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get sad and I get over it. Miserable people don\u8217\'92t get over it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look me in the eyes and tell me you\u8217\'92ve gotten over losing your hand for no fucking good reason.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face scrunched up in revulsion, as if Mandri had just threatened to reach down and rip the scab off her wrist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re such a fucking prick,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Because I\u8217\'92m right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl fixed Mandri in her gaze and tried to tell him, with every ounce of persuasive power in her soft brown skin, and her freckled , that he was completely missing the point. It was an expression that Mandri had seen a thousand times on a hundred different faces and somehow he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d yet to ascertain its meaning. To him it meant the other person had run of out of arguments and so he\u8217\'92d won.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about Obo, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was not something he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d considered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s got every right to be as miserable as you, but he\u8217\'92s not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sat back and considered the truth of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was right. Well, she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 right,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  because Obo wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t human and so he didn\u8217\'92t count.   Still, it was a kind of revelation: Obo was the one thinking creature in this entire goddamn world who wasn\u8217\'92t miserable. Obo was capable of getting over the wrongs done to him. In this respect, he was like a dog, he had that forgive and forget. This realization triggered another: the reason, and why the dog worshipers of Solk had good reasons to worshiped dogs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, fuck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That droplet from the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon wasn\u8217\'92t doing shit. It wasn\u8217\'92t expanding the ceiling into infinity, it wasn\u8217\'92t swirling the colors of the floor, and it wasn\u8217\'92t tamping down on the sadness that was of Obo\u8217\'92s impending doom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri briefly considered gulping down the rest of the burgeon juice, then decided against it when his heart was strafed by the shame of not bearing witness to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s final moments. If he didn\u8217\'92t watch, then no one who cared would, and a memory such as this should not be the sole property of people who didn\u8217\'92t understand what was happening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So he shuffled his legs underneath him into a frog-like squat, and he leaned forward so that the great bulk of his heavy pack was centered on his hips, and then he stood right up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Going to watch?\u8221\'94, Purl asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Might as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He walked over to the western window where Moto, Moteah, and Seb were huddled. The window seemed to glow. At first, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t room enough for him between Moto and Moteah\u8217\'92s excited elbows, then Moto decided that these moments would be better spent doing something else, so he left and Mandri was able to squeeze himself into the picture before Seb and Moteah could close ranks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Mandri looked down upon the scene, his vision was flooded with the light of revelation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was not normal burgeonsight. There were no sparkling lights or glistening surfaces. What he saw was purpose itself, tangible purpose, not a thing that can be delimited with words, for each element of the scene was it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own irreducible purpose, and they were each connected to each other. Ayram. Elrahet. The Scribe, his horse, the Riga. Obo lying in the dirt. The valley mouth and the desert beyond it. The tower\u8217\'92s shadow ascribing the position of the sun. The tower itself. The stone that formed the window-sill under Mandri\u8217\'92s fingers. Every element here was wrought with the history of purpose, and Mandri could }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 see}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it, he could look at a thing and know its purpose, and these many threads were hereby joined by Mandrameen himself, for his purpose was to tie it all together, for his sight was the f man to capture the scene: the figures below arranged in a pyramidal frame; Ayram and Elrahet anchoring bottom corners, the scribe on his white horse at the top, with Obo on the ground bridging the gap between them. This was not mere symbolism - symbolism is what artists invent when they can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see the true purpose, no, this composition was a living, breathing arrangement put together by a divine providence, and such it was real, Purpose in and of itself, transformed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe, that dark Hrkan man, he did not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 represent }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hrkan power advantaged on a proud steed, he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that power, and in his lap was the Riga child, the very embodiment of Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assault on the sanctity of creation. Then there was Ayram, standing tall, not a symbol of the outland peoples, he was their paragon, and sidling up next to him was Elrahet, who was little more than old desert ways given human agency. In between these two parties was Mazyd Obo, a creature constructed for the sole purpose of setting the affairs of men in order, and look where he was, destitute in the dirt, scarred and cowering and naked as all looked past him as if he weren\u8217\'92t there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri lamented the lack of materials. If he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only had a stick of charcoal he could have started sketching on the smooth tower stone right then and there. As vivid as this vision was, he knew it flutter away as fast as it had come. If he didn\u8217\'92t sketch it out within the hour, details would be forgotten. One night\u8217\'92s sleep and they\u8217\'92d be lost forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was forced instead imprint the scene upon his mind as best he could with the mnemonic of repetition; notice the details, and then notice them again, and again, and again, and again, because the mind can remember words better than the things themselves. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to trust himself to reconstruct the .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The arc of the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow splitting the scene in half.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram on the left, Elrahet next to him, together a pair of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The white horse and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impatient tail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe cradling his Riga.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo splayed out like a legless doll.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sumptuous grays in the cool shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warm spectral ring where the shadow met the line of day.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dry slap of sprinting, leather-bound feet against the stone floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MANDRI!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purls yelled pulled Mandri out of his reverie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The urgency of the moment flooded in. As he ran towards the, that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d already forgotten if the Scribe\u8217\'92s horse was facing north or south. What else had he forgotten? The come down of every hallucinogenic high, where the logic of revelation breaks down and he was left wondering if meant anything at all, or if he .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If that was the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon, why was not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stumbled through the darkness of the Tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s first floor, and all knowledge of purpose was lost.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}