{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe have it so that this is the final battle to end all battles. This one was final. She had made a deal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The northern army, sweeping away to her right, belonged to her. She had worked these last few hundred years pulling the good peoples of the world up from despair to fight for her god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose. Her god had helped, but she had done the legwork.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Their enemy was innumerable, but more disorganized, drawn as they were from the filth of men, women, and demons. These miscreants poured forth from frothing holes near the southern seas. They sustained their long march to reach this chosen site by consuming each other. They chewed as they walked, with bits and pieces falling from their mouths. Their long battle line left a trail of picked clean bones behind them. Those who had eaten much had grown near to the size of god-eaters. Tall as small mountains, these immobile mounds of flesh had to be rope-hauled along rolling logs, brought here that they might birth more demons to swell their ranks.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 yet the neglected state roads and concrete pastures that trimmed every dried river bend reminded her home. There were sections of the Red River where cypress knees still cordoned off \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91wild parts\u8217\'92, but every two-hundred yards or so her raft would float past a massive stone cairn. At eye-level these grim monuments blended in to the sense of place, but she knew how they pocked the landscape, how their broad  bases flared up like pimples amongst the greenlands all way into fertile portion. It was depressing. The whole surface of the world was crusted over with history. It made her envious of the past, being able to walk or ride for days or weeks without sight or sound of another human being.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There would be significantly living creatures after today.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The world had been through too many ages. There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t enough to go around.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the next three hours, system statuses and observations were read out, a final redundancy meant to focus the crew. Moto knew it was an unnecessary procedure because he knew that he, Oya, and Alberto had each dreamed of this moment a thousand times over, and they had each run through the simulations a thousand times more. Still, he kept a little motivating fear around in  his thoughts to keep him sharp, because while the mission of The Experiment was worth dying for, absent-minded mistakes were not. Even after this final systems check wrapped up, and the three settled into The Experiment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s central command module, Moto kept on considering the many manners in which he might die during the next half-hour. Oya was the last to float in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the moment the planet was shifting just out of frame, but she could still make out the Atlantic Ocean with its magnificent phytoplankton blooms, thousands of miles long, glowing prussian-blue in whirling ocean gyres. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mountains there run like blisters, compliments of the tectonic crossroads upon which they sit, and the rivers resemble old, dry wounds scabbed over with salt. There is a very real sense of the mantle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boiling written into the crust. From here, it looks like life in the region evaporated centuries ago. Most of the colors dip into grey. Not enough green. It must be terrible down there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen saw all this, and decided it was time. He blinked out of existence, then reappeared in front othe}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His bright being stunned all eyes into submission. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Celebrants of war .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Though they did not worship him, they bowed. Though the hated him, they would not strike out, not here, for even they would abide by the oldest rule: neither of the god of gods could be killed in an act of treat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A meeting of the Envoys\u8221\'94, Solraheen said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whale demon with a human brain. The demon writhed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8221\'94 it rasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen pointed to the mountain top from which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 During the dances several \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91masters of ceremonies,\u8217\'92 bearing bunches of palm-leaves, went up and down, keeping a clear space\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 driving back the circle of\~spectators by striking these on legs and feet. Suddenly the performers scattered, leaving two of their number alone in the centre. These bent and touched the ground with their fingers, then almost immediately gripped and after a struggle, which caused the wildest excitement among the spectators, the taller and slighter of the two flung the other to earth and seated himself firmly astride the prostrate form\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to be lifted upon the shoulders of a friend and thus borne round amid the plaudits of the multitude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So it will be,\u8221\'94 the demon king said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were expecting assassins? I\u8217\'92m not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  scheming. A little prophylactic murder does give a little high, but all of this is different. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re working together on this betrayal.\u8221\'94 There was an eagerness about her. There was always an eagerness about her, and by the envoy\u8217\'92s judgment, that eagerness was fake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your voice low,\u8221\'94 the envoy said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94 Pellora replied, chuckling. \u8220\'93They can\u8217\'92t hear us. They\u8217\'92re too far away. In fact, even if They were close, I doubt it would matter. I doubt any of the gods were ever capable of hearing. Prayers go }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  through them. You know how they always keep themselves at a distance. I always took it as a sort of divine regality, but lately I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve begun to wonder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Friends?\u8221\'94 Pellora asked. \u8220\'93You were expecting assassins? I\u8217\'92m not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  scheming. A little prophylactic murder does give a little high, but all of this is different. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re working together on this betrayal.\u8221\'94 There was an eagerness about her. There was always an eagerness about her, and by the envoy\u8217\'92s judgment, that eagerness was fake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your voice low,\u8221\'94 the envoy said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94 Pellora replied, chuckling. \u8220\'93They can\u8217\'92t hear us. They\u8217\'92re too far away. In fact, even if They were close, I doubt it would matter. I doubt any of the gods were ever capable of hearing. Prayers go }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  through them. You know how they always keep themselves at a distance. I always took it as a sort of divine regality, but lately I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve begun to wonder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The envoy grumbled. Pellora grimaced in turn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please,\u8221\'94 Pellora said. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t pretend to fear them. Your god, my god, neither are in control.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know that you know,\u8221\'94 Pellora said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m only surprised that you came to me about it.\u8221\'94 She stood up and kicked her stool. Instead of clattering onto the stone, it blinked out of existence. \u8220\'93Maybe I shouldn\u8217\'92t be surprised, because you and I are so similar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are nothing alike.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On the other hand,\u8221\'94 Pellora continued, \u8220\'93Killing my god is a natural consequence of my philosophy. One might say my god demands it. Your god, however\u8230\'85I didn\u8217\'92t take you for a heretic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pellora, I will not countenance your foolishness. Not today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not a heretic? Do you have a different definition of the word \u8216\'91betrayal\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My god lives only to sustain this world against the likes of you and yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, what? You kill Him, and then you kill me, is that it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are going to use me to open the door so that you can kill me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not a schemer like you, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please. That\u8217\'92s not what\u8217\'92s happening here. You\u8217\'92ve lost faith.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t blame you. I have, too. Why would anyone struggle day after day, only to have every victory turned into What use is a victory if the remnants of those you defeat inevitably find some foothold to nurse their strength, and, in time, start the fight all over again? You crave a battle to end all battles. I crave the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 the envoy said, \u8220\'93You crave the end of all things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How will you do it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel sensitive to it. World changign to hear the voice of woman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How will I do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 what}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fulfill our agreement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What agreement? I want to hear you say it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How will you kill Them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill who? I aim to kill lots of people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will not indulge your sadism.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that where you draw the line? Killing your own god is an odd item to put below it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So long as you kill yours, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that is inevitable isn\u8217\'92t it. Both must killed so that we can finally kill each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How will you do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does it matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Friends?\u8221\'94 the Destructive said as she stood up and kicked her stool. Instead of clattering against the ground, it blinked out of existence. \u8220\'93I was not aware that we were friends. I\u8217\'92ve lost count of how many times }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  tried to murder me.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She gestured towards the Creative, whose scowl deepened still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prophylactic measures,\u8221\'94 the Creative argued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial raised a pacifying hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not here to arbitrate. I am here to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Little good talk would do,\u8221\'94 the Creative snipped. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 That one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  will never listen. Her god separated her mind from sense a long, long time ago.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 your }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 god is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please,\u8221\'94 the Impartial said gently. She glared at the Destructive to make sure the woman\u8217\'92s insult stayed unspoken. \u8220\'93I do not care if either of you listen to me, but it would be wonderful if you will stand still and be quiet while I speak. If it makes it easier, this will be the last you will ever hear from me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial Third picked up speed, then swept down to alight upon the stone with a whirlwind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative First scowled at her dramatic entrance. As the eldest, the Creative styled herself as the wisest, and her wizened scowl just about described her entire being. }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 In some ancient age she used to smile. The memory of it was buried in the wrinkles under her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Destructive Second did not appear to register the Impartial\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrival. She sat}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  on a suspended-cloth stool with her back turned to the circle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s center. Her shaved head was aimed at the red line of war which churned the world over. }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 Her white robes were near to slipping off her aged shoulders, and fashioned as they were from transparent silk they left nothing to the imagination, even where the material bunched. It was not seductive, and neither was it meant to be. The Destructive\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s dark philosophy was strange and laden with symbols; here, the transparency drew attention to the false boundaries which disguise naked and uncomfortable truths, or something of the sort. The Impartial did not much care for motivations or philosophies, only outcomes. And there was only one outcome when these two were involved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you for coming,\u8221\'94 she said to them both.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scowl deepened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Destructive remained aloof.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not summon you here to honor oaths,\u8221\'94 the Impartial continued. \u8220\'93I summoned you here as friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Friends?\u8221\'94 the Creative asked. \u8220\'93Are you not aware of how many times }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  tried to murder me?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Destructive stirred in her seat but kept her eyes on the horizon. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prophylactic measures,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial raised a pacifying hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not here to arbitrate. I am here to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Little good talk would do,\u8221\'94 the Creative snipped. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 That one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  will never listen. Her god separated her mind from sense a long, long time ago.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Destructive tilted her head back to stare at the onset of the stars. The amused crick in the corner of her lip was sharp as any insult.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please,\u8221\'94 the Impartial said gently. \u8220\'93It would be wonderful if you would both stand still and be pleasant for once. If it makes it easier, this will be the last you will ever hear from me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scowl softened. The Destructive\u8217\'92s smirk receded. }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 They both looked at her now as if realizing, for the first time, that she had her own internal world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will gladly stand for that,\u8221\'94 the Destructive said. She stood up, revealing the elegant figure she\u8217\'92d been concealing through posture alone. She heel-tapped her stool, causing it to fold, then collapse. Such was the stool\u8217\'92s design that it could be worn like a bag over the shoulder. The red cloth seat drew so much attention to itself, compared to her simple, see through robes, that she looked like a slave whose entire purpose was to mind her master\u8217\'92s footstool.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial cleared her throat. She tried to remember which event of thousands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this about?\u8221\'94 the Creative asked.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen and Schisol,\u8221\'94 the Impartial muttered. She then gathered her voice, and said, \u8220\'93I had a dream wherein I discovered how to contain Them. I assembled a chorus to chant Their names: Solraheen and Schisol. Each note entered on the finger, each new voice swelled the chord until the wash of noise did shake the earth\u8230\'85such was the echo in the valleys that one and twenty voices blossomed into twelve and thousands.\u8221\'94 The wind changed direction. The other two noticed it as well. Dwelling in this memory always made the world shift uneasily around her. \u8220\'93It did subdue Them,\u8221\'94 she claimed. \u8220\'93For an age of peace, it stilled Their being. Then I woke back up into the futility of this nightmare, and I decided then and there that I will no longer be Impartial.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve chosen a side?\u8221\'94 the Creative asked, impressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder whose,\u8221\'94 the Destructive sniped, \u8220\'93You are both so embedded in this world that you might as well have shared a womb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial hesitated, then breathed deep to keep herself from getting sidetracked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 This world is built upon conflict,\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Chaos, against stasis. When there is balance between these two, to my eye, there is beauty. Solraheen and Schisol were once the source of this balance, but Their two tongues have been set against each other. Why? You may say that They have always been set against each other, but it was never as horrible as this.\u8221\'94 Her eyes lingered on the fires of war which pillaged the west. \u8220\'93Tell me, where is the room for me and my title when both of you believe that coexistence is impossible? Then, tell me why you struggle at all if you truly believe in the inevitably of your cause. There\u8217\'92s no sense in it. It is the behavior of fearful creatures. I am tired of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then die,\u8221\'94 the Destructive said simply, as though death were a reasonable solution to any and every problem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial bit her lip. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know your hearts are the same as mine,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You are just as tired, and at all times, disillusioned. You fight for absolute victory, but every victory and defeat only disappears into yet another battle. You have lost all sense of proportion. You desire an }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 end}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . You crave a battle to finish all battles.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Naturally,\u8221\'94 the Creative said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want more than a battle,\u8221\'94 the Destructive added. She stared down the Creative\u8217\'92s scowl, gave a little scowl of her own, then a self-satisfied sneer. }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I want to hold her stomach in my hand. I want to corner her into an eternity of loss, then watch as my triumph sours her dying breath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see how she is!?\u8221\'94 the Creative wailed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you not want the same?\u8221\'94 the Impartial countered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I merely want her dead!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And so long as Schisol sustains her, you will never manage that. So, why fight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 The Creative\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s face screwed up into the only other look she wore: contempt for stupidity. It was near enough to a scowl, the main difference being a subtler narrowing of the eyes.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I fight for the same reason that leaves lap up the sun and the roots sip water, for the same reason the tree falls over and gives its life to others\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 I fight to maintain the world we were given. As should you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s why you fight,\u8221\'94 the Impartial stated. \u8220\'93You see, I have gathered you here to tell you that I aim to kill your masters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She paused, expecting incredulity. She heard only silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When They are dead,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93one of you to defeat the other. You desire an end? For my last act as Impartial, you will have it. I do not care which of you wins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative appeared confused, as if she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t properly parsed the Impartial\u8217\'92s meaning. The Destructive smiled a sort of manic smile which made plain her belief that the Impartial had lost her mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you finished?\u8221\'94 the Destructive asked. Her lips held back a chuckle, though her amusement played in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Impartial nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have said what I meant to say. You may leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Destructive shook her head, then zipped up into the air and made for the west, no doubt aiming to tend to the flames of war.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Creative watched her leave  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot kill either essence of the Divided,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It is impossible. I have tried. Learn from my mistakes and stick to your title. I know you wont, no one ever listens to me, so I won\u8217\'92t bother trying to convince you.\u8221\'94 She flew up into the air and sped towards the east, either to brand a fledgling civilization, or start a new one. Her numbers were growing slim.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Love can only land if it is looked for. This was the one life lesson which stayed steady across all her years. A love sent must land, or else it wheels about, and like a bird blown out sea it will panic, tire, then drown. The only way to avoid that grief is to never love, but that is difficult to do, so the next best thing is to never love unless someone waits for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait until they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  it,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 is what she preached, even if she could not practice it. She was the Impartial Third, a judge of fate, and being impartial, quintessentially so, she loved everyone and everything intensely. No one loved her back, but she could carry that. Twenty thousand years of unrequited love, she carried. This is not what broke her. What broke her would be called another life lesson, if only she could learn how stop those she loved from making mistakes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stood now at the edge of a barren plateau. She looked past her painted toes to contemplate the shape her skull might make after bursting on a sandstone stump far below. And oh, how the rest of her body would tumble before dislocating every joint in that dry riverbed. The red of the iron rich clay would hide the spill of blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She had seen this fate. She had seen how, on some future day, a chance rain would wash over the black peaks behind and sweep her bones out into the broader expanse of the desert. There, she would join two armies who had, this morn, slaughtered each other. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d loved those honored sons and daughters, and they\u8217\'92d slaughtered each other. Pick the reason: some Lord desired grazing lands which belonged to his neighbors. Or try: grazing lands were overgrazed, and now all must fear the night as hungry folk take to hopping fences. Was it an insult which forced this battle? Jealousy? A pattern of abuse inflicted on a child who became king, growing him into a monster? What did the cause matter when the consequences were rape and death and base enslavement and slaughter, and it was getting worse over all the world, all while the prayers of the oppressor were addressed to same god as the subjugated. She could nothing about it but plant cautionary tales and watch as her words were twisted into the exact opposite of what she\u8217\'92d meant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Down in that desert, those battle standards were planted }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 this morn}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , and already, history was moving on. In a week, the desert sun would bleach the colors. By the time her bones joined them, it would be impossible to tell who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s banner was who\u8217\'92s. Those honored sons and daughters could not say, not with gusts of sand piling into their mouths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She loved them, and there was sand piling into their mouths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They needed to be mourned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her bones should mother theirs, but there was not enough love left in her marrow to mourn them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No more!\u8221\'94 she said to the biting wind. \u8220\'93It must finish!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She threw her staff over the cliff. A few hard heartbeats later, it snapped and splintered against a boulder. The loud wood crack her certainty. She recalled the memory of wildflowers verging that ancient riverbank, endless fields of them. She longed for their aroma, that it might stick to her clothes again, and oh, how she would delight in the excitement every little butterfly and bee. Red-cheeked birds hunted those crazed swarms, and the meat of those birds fed foxes, and all of them, at different stages of life, from womb to carrion corpse, fed spiny lizards. The meat of the lizards fed eagles, and on the circle went. The Creative First and Destructive Second had measured out those fates, and as the Impartial Third, it had been her duty to cut them. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d cut them halfway down the difference. Her duty, her shame, because the only things growing on the surface now were lichens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Brown, fuzzy rags, those lichens; ugly, though she loved them for it. Interspersed as they were amongst the broken armies, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d soaked up too much blood. Too many fuzzy brown rags would die. This morn was the first link in a chain of catastrophes which would see their species extinct in less than twenty years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her weary sigh peeled into a whine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped off the cliff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her white robes clung to her body as she fell. The wind ripped tears from her eyes while the whistling in her ears promised peace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Death would be better for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Assuredly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Better for her, but only her. For those she loved, she needed to see the day through.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  A short term difference, maybe; depose a tyrant, end corruption, redistribute wealth. Long term, there was always another tyrant who would desire more grazing lands. Indeed the sweep of a great concentration and then dissolution of power. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  She recalled the memory of wildflowers verging that ancient riverbank, endless fields of them. She longed for their aroma, that it might stick to her clothes again, and oh, how she would delight in the excitement every little butterfly and bee. Red-cheeked birds hunted those crazed swarms, and the meat of those birds fed foxes, and all of them, at different stages of life, from womb to carrion corpse, fed spiny lizards. The meat of the lizards fed eagles, and on the circle went. The Creative First and Destructive Second had measured out those fates, and as the Impartial Third, it had been her duty to cut them. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d cut them halfway down the difference. Her duty, her shame, because the only things growing on the surface of the sand were lichens.}}