{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Many were thrown upon the ground and dragged by the hair, with faces and limbs begrimed with dust and blood.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Many were thrown upon the ground and dragged by the hair, with faces and limbs begrimed with dust and blood.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  game so wild and fleet }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 and the children clamored and cried with hunger.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 beckonings and wakeful curiosity;}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  us like hungry dogs, and beg of us with pitiful importunity. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  sun in his brightness paints rainbows and makes all the prismatic tints quiver and dance in a\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u235\'EBrial beauty.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thereon also rode noble knights and stout men-at-arms,[Pg 2]\~and these you could follow with the eye by their glistening armour, as they wound over hill and dale, mile after mile, with shining spears and shields and fluttering pennons, and anon a trumpet or two sounding the same keen note as that which rang out dreadfully on those bloody fields of France. The girls used to come to the cottage doors or run to hide themselves in the wayside woods to see them go trampling by; for Buckinghamshire girls love a soldier above all men. Nor, I warrant you, were jolly friars lacking in the highways and the by-ways and under the hedges, good men of religion, comfortable of penance and easy of life, who could tip a wink to a housewife, and drink and crack a joke with the good man, going on their several ways with tight paunches, skins full of ale and a merry salutation for every one. A fat pleasant land was this Buckinghamshire; always plenty to eat and drink therein, and pretty girls and lusty fellows; and God knows what more a man can expect in a world where all is vanity, as the Preacher truly says. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Surely a Being who can paint the heavens like that before us, with the sun as a centre from which all those gorgeous hues radiate,\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 who likens himself to a sun, has power to throw light upon the darkest paths. Believe me, Henry, according to his promise, He will be a shield to us in the coming storm."}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 pop out of the bottom of the icy storm cell and found cleaner air, it was able to quickly right itself.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moto curled up against the chilling darkness, and struggled to maintain a single, clean, conscious thought as the pain threatened to dice the function of his mind piecewise into an incoherent jumble of emotion. Moto knew that  such a fragmented mind is susceptible to sliding down the funnel of despair which sits underneath everyone\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s seat of consciousness. Here he was, crippled, in more pain than he had ever felt, and marooned on an alien planet in a far away galaxy with no hope of rescue. Perhaps if he had known that this was just the beginning, he might not have been able to clamber back up from this mental precipice by convincing himself that he was actually lucky}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m alive, he reasoned, and Oya is dead.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He did not spare a thought for Alberto.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  incorporeal hum that grew louder as the green flashed. The effect moved Moto into a trancelike state, though through it all, his existential self, his I-me-mine, did not completely disappear. In fact, there was enough of him left to sense his own impending doom, the stretching of time, the thinness of his life. Starting with the ever-slowing cosmic tick of the universe, he could extrapolate out, and understood that it would eventually stop ticking completely. At that point, time would freeze completely into a kind of reflective prism, crystallizing around whatever his last twinkling thought might be, and that would be death. }}