{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you had to build a road in a rainy place, how would you build it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I want you to think about it. How would you build a road to last so that it doesn\u8217\'92t wash away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never thought about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, but I\u8217\'92m asking you to think about it now, so answer my question. If you had to build a road in a rainy place, how would you build it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you everything you need to know to be able to see the road, so look for the road.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you care whether or not I look for a road?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to voice his opinion, though. Instead he furrowed his brow, looked at nothing in particular, scratched his chin and took as much pleasure as he could in the anticipation building in Moto\u8217\'92s stare before finally shrugging and saying, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tall Zosan recoiled in shock.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been out here before?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been everywhere where there\u8217\'92s people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing out here in the wilderness if you\u8217\'92ve got no experience with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You tell me. You guys are the ones who raised me from the dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before that. We found you found you dead in a ravine in the Junei. How did that come to happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d rather not talk about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like for you to talk about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s unfortunate, because you\u8217\'92re going to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You going to make me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not a Mazid, kid. I can make you do what I want. I want an answer. What were you doing dead in that ravine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THWACK}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see it coming. He was looking right at the man, but didn\u8217\'92t see it coming. Moto was shaking the sting out of his fingers by the time Mandri realized his jaw felt like a wallop. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An arresting threat in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes rooted Mandri to the spot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t belong out here Mandri. You\u8217\'92re gonna need adjustment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What a word to use, adjustment. Moto could have said one of twenty words that mean roughly the same thing, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He could have told Mandri that he \u8216\'91needed improvement\u8217\'92, and likely the two would have gone on to trade insults all the way to Minting Rock. The slap, all that did was sting. The sound of the word adjustment whistling out from under Moto\u8217\'92s pampered, well that ripped the lining right out of Mandri\u8217\'92s mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Funny how a word could do that, revert a budding man into a child - not even a child, in that moment Mandri was a sense organ, a bundle of light and sound and confusion incapable of comprehending what it was and what was happening to it.  And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just the word that did all this, it was the lifetime of indignities that had glommed onto it, a veritable wrecking ball, one his father had been forging for years, ever since the first time he\u8217\'92d caught Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist and told him to stop acting like a fag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All this, it was a hindrance to living. So, for the second time in as many weeks, Mandri decided to simply stop. He unshouldered his pack, let it hit the ground with a thud, and marched off. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto, ignorant of the explosion he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just caused, saw saw only disrespect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t walk away from me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I ask a question first?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need to give you a reason, now answer my question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why can\u8217\'92t we have a normal conversation? You ask a question, then I ask a question. Talk about the weather. Why you got to be all, \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92m in charge here, I do the asking\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Moto stops walking. Folds his arm. Looks Mandri up and down like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seeing a djinn. Mandri felt compelled to stop walking too, like he was tethered to mandri\u8217\'92s stare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, there\u8217\'92s is no place in Ayram\u8217\'92s graces for a scrawny boy who won\u8217\'92t do what he\u8217\'92s asked. I do what Ayram asks me to do. Ayram asks me to find out what you were up to in that ravine, so I am here trying to find out. So you tell me that, and we can get along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll make deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If a Mazid couldn\u8217\'92t make a deal, what chance you think you have?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you carry this sack for me, I\u8217\'92ll tell you anything you want to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto shifted his weight forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get the sense that you haven\u8217\'92t quite grasped the situation here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s why I want to ask some questions, but you won\u8217\'92t let me. I don\u8217\'92t even know where I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where you are is at the end of my patience, and if you need to ask a couple questions to figure that out then you aren\u8217\'92t going to last long out here. We left the last boy who got lippy half buried in a mudpan down in Kokuma.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Scary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand flicked up then slapped the impertinence out of Mandri\u8217\'92s cheek.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Careful where you step, Mandri. Don\u8217\'92t step over a rock that big or you\u8217\'92ll end up with fangs in your ankle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even looking at the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto put his hand on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. Mandri shrugged it off. There was an energy in his body that Moto felt, and that was something Moto recognized. Electric twitch of an animal, or a man, ready to fight for it\u8217\'92s life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be yourself,\u8221\'94 they say. Never mind that identity is defined by difference, that a person is outlined not by skin but by the relationship to other people. They pretend all that isn\u8217\'92t true.}}