{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Solraheen put His body between creation and the falling Fabled Black, He was buried at the bottom of a deep and pitiless crater. So ended his vigil of the earth. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d protected creation for an uncountable number of years, and with Him gone, it was corrupted in less than a thousand. Solitants tell the story as if it all happened yesterday. Solraheen was buried, then a drought ravaged the world, spreading the Sand\u8217\'92s extent to every corner of the continent. For a time, the Old Jandri peoples persisted, but then the Ukut river dried up. With the river gone, the tribe called the Gairo could no longer sustain themselves up on the Ukut plateau, and so they swept down into the Sand\u8217\'92s Middle Portion. But it was not the Gairo who ended the Old Jandri world, it was the people whom they butchered and displaced\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hrks. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrks wandered the Sand for one hundred years until, at last, Arnaggu led his people out of their suffering and into the Watered Portion. Little in the way of art or architecture survived their barbarian charms. Every Old Jandri shrine and temple had their arches broken and their eternal flames snuffed out. It is said that the only thing that truly survived intact was belief in Solraheen, for the Hrks could not deny what they could see with their own eyes, buried there under the crater at the mouth of the river Jek. The Hrks claimed that holy crater as their own, and inside of it they built their city, Jeket. From there, they conquered the world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  It reminded him of the Stria which hangs in the entrance hall of the Temple Krait. This painting is large, two men tall and one wide, and in a technical sense the painting is a masterwork\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the scene overflows with silk-satin of every color, and silk-satin is a challenging material to paint because it inevitably moves, the reflections change, and so most painters make use of mannequins and glue to keep the folds still, but Stria, inspired by Solraheen, could capture its likeness without reference. The actual subject is a white-robed young man and a red-robed young woman standing in a narrow, window-lit room. Their postures seem confused, their backs are turned to each-other, yet both look over their shoulder at the other. Some say it depicts a boy preserving his honor by refusing the temptations of the young beauty, while others say it is the girl who preserves her virtue by shunning the advances of a besotted youth. The controversy has led to several murders, even though the priests of the temple accommodate either interpretation, for the temple praises chastity above all other virtues, and surely that is the message, for the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dome can be seen in the painting, through the window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an unsubtle signal taking place between the two subjects. The girl is thrusting her thumb between two of her fingers, and the boy accepts by making a circle with this thumb and middle finger. It would seem, then, that the temple\u8217\'92s dome is no chastely crown, it is the watchful eye under which two lovers plan a tryst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandrameen pointed out these suggestive hands to a temple attendant he was told, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Young man, your mind is overwhelmed with lust.\u8221\'94 While that might have been true it didn\u8217\'92t matter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Stria was clearly intending to make a mockery of all these prudes. And it was much the same with those crumbling statues of Duror\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This first chamber of Minting Rock was an oblong egg shaped room with Mandri hanging out in the middle of it like an uvula. The bowl shaped bottom of this chamber was carved to look like a liquid, with a tide of concentric rings rippling down it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concave surface into cresting waves, all in miniature, all of it polished to a sheen as smooth as a Hrkan Lord\u8217\'92s table. Amidst this black stone sea were four stone demons, twice Mandri\u8217\'92s size, carved from the solid rock and holding up the ceiling, full and dynamic figures, scaled and snarling, with backs bent against the room\u8217\'92s gentle curve. Mandri might have thought them real if Hill wasn\u8217\'92t there amongst them, torch in hand, rummaging about the packs scattered around the demon\u8217\'92s feet. Despite the unparalleled quality of the craftsmanship on display, the Ayramun were treating the place as a storage space. Hill paid Mandri no mind as he continued to be pulled upwards.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was then that he noticed that Mazidobo was in the room with them. The lamplight hardly reached him on the far side of the room, yet his pale head was lying there in the black like a misplaced egg. He was still playing dead, but he kept one eye open, squinting out at the world. Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but laugh, and Obo smiled back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s funny?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s nothing\u8230\'85nothing at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb looked over at Obo and back at Mandri, trying to gauge the meaning of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lingering smirk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my leg,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Just have to laugh at the pain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stared down at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blood-splattered leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The demon that bit you, what\u8217\'92d it look like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It looked a bit like those statues down below.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri went on to describe the demon that bit him, as best as he could remember, bulging eyes and all. As he laid out the extent of the horror, Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s borcandi spine slowly slipped out of his lip and dropped to the floor, and when Mandri finished describing the feeling of the demon\u8217\'92s toxin squeezing his insides, Seb gulped, realized he\u8217\'92d dropped his spine, and then fumbled around in his own shadow for it. Eventually he found it, pinched that slobbery mess back up and stuffed it right back in his cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I been out here thirty somethin\u8217\'92 years,\u8221\'94 Seb said as he rolled the borcandi around his mouth with his tongue, \u8220\'93An I never seen no demon like that. Nothin\u8217\'92 nearly like a man. Demons come in all kinds\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lizard-like, beetle-like, bird-like, mostly small-like. Man-like demons crawlin\u8217\'92 out the ground is a bad omen. You seen any other demons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I don\u8217\'92t think so\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 except for this old woman. Well, I thought she was an old woman, but she could fly and eat Sparks. You ever seen anything like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb rolled the borcandi spine around his mouth. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She could do what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri answered plainly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She flew right into my ox\u8217\'92s chest and ate its Spark. She had fangs. It was horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t even }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 heard}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  of}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 a thing like that. You best work on your storytellin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 some, cause that\u8217\'92s not close to believable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw what I saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t see shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How would you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you\u8217\'92re a burgeon biter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons have nothing to do with it. I saw what I saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I been biting burgeons since you were in the womb, an when I see folks turn into demons and start eatin\u8217\'92 Sparks, I don\u8217\'92t go believin\u8217\'92 it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s admission to biting burgeons set Mandri\u8217\'92s stomach itching, because if Seb were a burgeon biter then he\u8217\'92d likely have a few bulbs in his pocket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri cringed at his own question because he sounded so desperate. Dying had quelled his bone-crave for burgeons, but there was still a little hole in the pit of his stomach which food or water couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fill. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bent over, brought his sun-leathered face even with Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and like any self-respecting burgeon biter, he dodged the question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t see no woman eat no Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , they talk about ridiculous things and they look scared while doing it because they're worried their words will have them out as being ridiculous. They bite hard on things like borcandi spines and burgeons to keep from talking too much. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From the outside, Minting Rock already looked unstable, like a god-sized bliggu nut standing tip-toe on its stubby stem.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then the Hrks built Jeket on top of Him and they took that eightfold sun and put their own sign, an eight-fold compass rose, right in the middle of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But, ancient corpses don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t smell\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at least Mandrameen didn\u8217\'92t think they did. At least one of these graves had to be recently inhumed. Probably, it was the first one he\u8217\'92d touched\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the middle hole on the right hand wall. From what he could see of that corpse, it didn\u8217\'92t seem particularly fresh, though from his position on the floor he could only see bits and pieces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was now standing right behind her, hovering over her shoulder, chewing on a fresh borcandi spine. He was munching it right by her ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re blocking the light,\u8221\'94 Purl snipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb moved back, then cleared his phlegmy throat and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t do anything yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This needs to be cured. Now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanna question him first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two can talk while I\u8217\'92m working.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb crowded once more into the light. In his hand was a knife with a blade as long as the string of spit which dangled down from his lip. He handled the knife playfully, limp-wristed, and he swung in and out of his own cast shadow. Twice, the handle threatened to slip out of his seemingly careless fingers and Mandri flinched. If Obo was concerned about the blade slicing into his stomach, he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t show it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb swallowed back the flood in his mouth and said to Obo, with a little more diction, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like listenin\u8217\'92 to you talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pointed the knife straight at Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s unfortunate,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93Because I like to talk.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This drew a gurgling hiss from Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You killed good people in those hills,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry to hear that. In my defense, I didn\u8217\'92t have time to separate the good from the bad, as they were all shooting arrows at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, like they was the ones that started it,\u8221\'94 Seb scoffed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, where is this coming from? You of all people should know I don\u8217\'92t kill when I don\u8217\'92t need to, because I could have killed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , but I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. I had every chance, but you were no threat to me, hiding under that bush.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 hiding}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Seb seethed. He was bending over now, with his blade near enough to Obo\u8217\'92s cheek to kiss it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no need to justify a cowardly act,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I would have done much the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flashed thunder and his jaw went stiff. He pulled back, pulled the knife away, and somehow the distance was even more threatening, for he seemed all the more likely to snap and pounce.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean to offend you,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93In a sense, it\u8217\'92s a compliment, because to call a man cowardly is to confirm that he is not a coward\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a coward, but not a coward. I know you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not a coward Seb. But you are the most cowardly man I\u8217\'92ve ever met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s insult nearly knocked the borcandi spine from Seb\u8217\'92s cheek. That would have been the second time the crunched-up spine had dropped. The man simply didn\u8217\'92t have enough teeth to keep it nestled, and to make it all even more difficult, Seb kept half the spine hanging out to keep it dry so that it\u8217\'92d last longer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, you\u8217\'92re blocking the light again,\u8221\'94 said Purl as she sat back in the folds of her robe. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you have something better to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sipped a breath and twirled his blade about in little circles as he tried to think of an excuse to say. Mandri could tell that he was not a man who could leave a conversation without feeling like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d won it, and when a man\u8217\'92s not got the gift of wit, a knife will often do. Thankfully, a shout for Seb came echoing out from the corridor behind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Count your blessings,\u8221\'94 said Seb, and though the words were meant for Obo, it was Purl who whispered thanks to the heavens when Seb left to heed the call.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to sit down and revel in a final moment while a battle unfolded. He\u8217\'92d never seen a battle before.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d once seen an alley fight with ten men, six against four, a dispute over some patch of land out in the country.  The six outnumbered the four, but if you only took raw bulk into consideration, the four had the upper hand. Elbows cracked skulls and there was a lot of blood, but it wasn\u8217\'92t a proper battle. It was more of a skirmish. Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t sure where the line between a skirmish and battle was, and he hoped that these proceedings could shed some light on the matter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  He was about to ask Obo his opinion,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}