{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Solitants say that when the world was pulled up from the waters it came out as a solid whole, one earth surrounded by one ocean. When the sun rose it rose for everything at once; birds, beasts, humans, and the twin brother gods: Solraheen and Schisol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Schisol did not like this arrangement. Humanity was trampling all over his brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sacred gardens. Humans needed to be kept apart. Schisol smashed his fists into the ground and split the land in two. In one cataclysmic afternoon Jandri became an island continent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How great the trembling must have been when the Hias mountains were torn apart. How incredible it had to be to see an ocean of fish, shark, and whale tumble into green valleys. It is said that for a day all the ocean beasts frolicked in fields of tulips and , and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s why the waters of the Shalbrumon sea flow so fast today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Schisol is the unwitting idiot. He had pushed Jandri out into the ocean, and in so doing, he pushed it closer to the sun. The unremitting heat bore down on the the lush environs, withering them down to dust. In his bid to save the his brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s garden from the ravages of humanity, Schisol had destroyed it instead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To add insult to injury, humans made it over to Jandri anyways. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meskalim was one of the first places to be settled on the new continent, and yet on the earliest maps it was nothing but a nameless black dot sitting halfway down the Jandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eastern rim, if it was dotted at all. Nobody cared for a small flesh market that merchant barges tried to skip on the way to Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This all changed when a young slave daughter slipped and fell into a hole. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What that girl was doing in the foothills of the Hias mountains, so far from the city, only Solraheen knows. Some say that she was lured down into that hole by a demon, because the entrance to that abyss was nothing but a black sliver in the grass\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 impossible to find unless you knew where it was. But that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all back matter, for what\u8217\'92s important is that when the girl was rescued from the earth she was clutching a nugget of gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shepherd who found her went back to that crack the next day with an oil lamp. Not twelve feet down and his eye caught the glint of a gold stringer slanting sideways through the granite. He followed it through a tight-fitting pocket, and there in that fractured bit of earth he found a vein of gold that was wider than his arms could stretch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mines poured into the hills. This was long before the times of Hrkan science and Mazyd lords, so no real thought was given to managing the uncountable tonnes of rock that were pressing down on the blooming network of tunnels. When the people of Meskalim dug into the earth they put up wood beams and packed the walls tight with a stiffening mud, but that was it. They didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand that the granite there was fiercely jointed and that a beam supporting one rock might be doing nothing for another just a few inches away. It all looked like one big rock in the dim light of torches. The odd cave-in should have served as a warning. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One might be tempted to say these ancient peoples didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand the danger because they were blinded by greed, but that wasn\u8217\'92t the whole truth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they simply didn\u8217\'92t have the knowledge to understand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meskalim became a golden city on the maps of a golden age. Its thousand white domes were enameled with sacred geometry. Its boulevards were filled with all the peoples of the world. Its army was twice the size of any other. Its port was the very center of the earth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of this because of gold. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gold. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As bright and as immutable as the divine. Leave it in the dirt for a million years and it will stay as brilliant as the day it was interred. Roll it around in your hands and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be struck with a yearning akin to spiritual rapture\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a yearning for more, for as much as you can get.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The folk of Meskalim devoted their lives to it. They followed the gold wherever it went, and it went everywhere, even under the city itself. At the peak of the frenzy a person could go anywhere in between Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s three hills, dig straight down, and likely as not they\u8217\'92d pop out into a tunnel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then a miner slammed his pick into the wrong hairline crack. The moment his iron smacked the granite wall, a jet of water shot out, and the waters of the Shalbrumon flooded in. When the thinned bedrock fell, the golden city above fell with it. More than five hundred thousand people were swallowed up by the earth, though the number grows larger with each retelling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Humans are redoubtable creatures when gold is at hand, so it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for the city to be rebuilt from scratch further south. Meskalim the second swelled anew, though it would never be as grand as the first, for whenever a nugget of gold was pulled from the earth it was stored in a porthouse before being shipped across the sea or down and around to Jeket. Folks feared the earth might open up at any time to eat their treasures, so common sense demanded that the wealth would be better used elsewhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And so, for a thousand years, Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s temple was poor and its people poorer. Its streets weren\u8217\'92t laid out with any sense, much less paved, and these mucky avenues didn\u8217\'92t adhere to the natural contours of the land because when someone wanted to build a house they just plopped it down wherever. And these houses were ugly things, couldn\u8217\'92t be called houses - they were dwellings, crumpled slugs of mud, lumber, and straw with windowless walls that were all askew. There wasn\u8217\'92t a true roof beam in all the lower city. A horde of these things were smashed up against each other like the place was one big deposit of mud that the Istil wind had just happened to blow together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was where Mandrameen was born, and he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stand the sight of it unless he was deep in a burgeon binge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately, he had to pace his beer because he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t afford to be so run through that he couldn\u8217\'92t walk; that witch might pop out of the clouds and smash right through his belly like she\u8217\'92d done to Gil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to feather the effect, take sips from his beer-skin every hundred staggered steps or so to keep himself bouncing off that point of no return. It was a dangerous game, taking off the edge off in chunks, but it was one he was determined to play to avoid thinking about\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85well\u8230\'85thinking about most things, really.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rain was helping him with that as well. The constant patter of a wispy rain that always seems to be on the verge of letting up was an opportune distraction. And, dare he say it, Meskalim looked somehow pretty in the white light of a sun softened by a carpet of raining cloud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surely, though, this beauty was the work of the burgeons. Mandri had seen his reflection in a puddle, and his pupils were blown so wide open that the smallest ounce of light could get in there, bounce around, and blind him. Every surface sparkled. The falling rain dazzled. Cool muck welled up between his toes as he splashed along Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s streets and this, too, was flecked with radiant light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The more Mandri drank, the more he became convinced that this was more than burgeons playing with light and wetness. It seemed as if the sparkling bits of light themselves were tangible, like he could get specks of light themselves glommed up in between his fingertips and lick them. He stopped and stared at one spot the more he became convinced that the burgeonsight was revealing to him the true nature of things, that a kind of oily celestial film coated all matter, and we could night see it because we did not have the sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He lingered in the middle of an empty crossroad, surrounded by some of the blobbiest mud-caked slums in all of Meskalim. Each roof was topped off with little nipple chimneys protruding from their roofs. Mandrameen stood there, motionless, back hunched, hair drenched, brown tunic slipping off his shoulder, for he was struck dumb by the sight of his own hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His own skin was sparkling. The hollow of his palm was a pool of that celestial substance. He tried to touch the little sparkles, tried to rub them off, but that was no good because his fingers were sparkling too. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wetness. If it were specular wetness the sparkles would have rolled over the skin as his hand rolled in the light. They stayed put, as if glued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He licked his index finger. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Immediately his mouth was flooded with a flavor he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never known. It was as if he\u8217\'92d bit down on a bloated melon and the burst all over his tongue, only it didn\u8217\'92t taste like any melon at all. It didn\u8217\'92t taste like anything he\u8217\'92d ever tasted. It should only be described by comparing it to abstract things. It tasted like the smell of a field of wildflowers. It was honey mixed with the the vigor of youth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He squealed with delight. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He bent down and scraped up a dollop of mud with his finger, then licked it. Again, his mouth was flooded with that flavor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He rushed over to one and underneath were some clay pots, dry ones. He knelt down and liked the handles, the rim, the body. Again he tasted that divine flavor. There was a little grey pup shivering under that awning, and Mandri picked the little beast up by it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scruff and licked it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He squealed with delight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The pup yipped in fright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A disgusted voice shot out of the rain, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get lost you freak!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen dropped the pup and spun around, feet sliding in the mud. He raised his hands to defend himself, but there was no one there. Nothing but glistening mounds of mud, soggy doors, and the sound of rain plunking off broken clay pots that lay strewn in every nook and cranny.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see the Meskalimi eyes peeping out at him, but he could damn well feel them. They were judging him. Did he not look insane? Here he was, a too-skinny young man standing in the muck, hackles raised, having just licked the hide of a poor little pup like a maniac.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do not see what I see!\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get lost!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri shuddered and turned from side to side. He still couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t place the sound. There could be more than one voice coming for his throat}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see Sol\u8217\'92s light!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93GET LOST!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That shout came from just behind Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He yelped and took off running.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He ran and ran, following the road wherever it was going. He stopped when he realized that he was liable to slip and crack his skull. He hands on his knees, to catch his breath, then realized he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d dropped his beer-skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He thought about going back and trying to find it, but that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t possible. He didn\u8217\'92t know where he was. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is one way to orient oneself inside Meskalim: memorize all the faces of Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s central hill. The hill towered over the rumps and clumps mud that was the city proper. The hill itself was studded with proper white buildings, each, each clinging to the hill like barnacles to a washed up corpse. These were the various offices of Hrkan government and the mansions of the people who staffed them. It just so happened that when Mandri looked up at Meskalim\u8217\'92s hill, he was looking at the house of Salavan Soreen. It claimed a privileged vista at the top of the hill\u8217\'92s southern cliff face. Its balconies leered over the rest of the city below, over Mandri. Reminded Mandrameen what the hell he was doing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He set off at a determined trot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stole a knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who leaves a short-sheafed knife laying outside in a ?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Someone who wants it stolen, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s who.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Further along, he stole a blue linen sash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who leaves a sash like that out in the rain?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Someone who wants it washed, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s who\u8230\'85but it could also be someone who wants it stolen. There was no way for Mandri to tell whose it was, and who was he to deny one potentiality of desire for the sake of another?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d gotten the sash knotted up around his waist, he found that if he bent forward a bit, then the bulge of the knife\u8217\'92s handle would get lost amongst the folds. So he walked that, stooping a little, all the way up Meskalim\u8217\'92s hill. It was hard trudging. His legs were completely out of wire when he came upon Salavan\u8217\'92s house.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or rather, he came upon Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall. The damned thing was in his way. If he was going to kill Meskalim\u8217\'92s governor, he need it to move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need was another reason to hate walls. Walls had gone too far beyond their original purpose. The first walls were knee-high stacks of stones set out in pastures to mark boundaries between goat herds\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those are pure walls, wholesome walls. Along with the first settled villages there came palisades to defend against barbarian raids. Those could be forgiven. The day the wall moved }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 inside}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a city, to circumscribe a rich man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ground, that\u8217\'92s when the wall became perverse. For almost all of Jandri\u8217\'92s history, a people, a tribe, they lived, worked, and shared together\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 then came the Hrks and the interior wall, setting in stone for the rest of time a division between those that have, and those that haven\u8217\'92t have.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall was huge, four-men tall. Most walls that big in a place as wet as Meskalim are streaked with black and yellow grime dripping down to the street, but Salavan\u8217\'92s wall was pristine. Its plaster was as smooth and as white as the day it was slathered on. No doubt Salavan spent more money cleaning that wall than he spent on bread for widows, or bread for orphans, or anything for anyone. That wall was more important than human life, more important than Mandri\u8217\'92s life. That wall\u8217\'92s raw materials could buy at least fifty Mandrameens. It\u8217\'92s maintenance? At least five Mandris a year.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least this wall was doing a job, keeping him out. Some walls on the lower rungs of Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hill couldn\u8217\'92t keep out a flying shit. They\u8217\'92re purely decorative. Imagine that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a decorative wall\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s not even trying to fend off the poors, its just letting them know they aren\u8217\'92t liked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stood there in front of Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall like an idiot. The burgeonsight was warping all the little dimples and scratches and faint finger-drags that were imprinted there in the plaster. Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t shake the feeling that the wall was daring him, like a schoolyard bully, to just try it and see what happens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a squared-out arch in the middle of this wall, and underneath this arch was an ironwood gate guarded by two thugs on either side. These brawny men were huddled close to the gate so as to squeeze themselves inside the narrow shelter of the arch. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t doing them much good. They were as sodden as Mandri. Like everything else, the burgeonsight was making them sparkle. That didn\u8217\'92t stop them from looking like demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the best of light, a Meskalimi thug\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face is an unsettling thing. A lifetime of trading violence for money fixes a man\u8217\'92s expression into a state in a permanent of concern, and once the brow and cheek gets slashed with scars, the whole thing takes on a look of putrefied misery. Blur that face a little with rain, twist it a little with burgeonsight, and you\u8217\'92ve got a demon\u8217\'92s face that could chill the bravest spine. And that\u8217\'92s what Mandri saw when he looked at those two thugs guarding Salavan\u8217\'92s gate, he saw full-blooded demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And they had swords\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 short, street-wise swords clipped high up on the belt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was hard for Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s to fight back the thought that those two men really were demons. If he hadn\u8217\'92t seen a demon-witch fly into his ox and rip out its stomachs, he might have been able to do it. The logic was driven by the unsettling thought that Salavan might a greater demon than even Pell. That was a reasonable thing to expect, considering it was Pell who had told him to go to Salavan\u8217\'92s house, and if that was reasonable, then it was also reasonable to say that the two men guarding that gate weren\u8217\'92t men, because if Salavan was a demon, well, what demons do is they drag people to hell, they don\u8217\'92t employ them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It could be that these two were merely thralls caught in some enchantment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind ran through a number of other possibilities, none of them good. He settled, tentatively, on the idea that the burgeonsight revealed the truth and showed these \u8216\'91men\u8217\'92 for what they were: actual demons. They couldn\u8217\'92t be fully-fledged demons, because fully-fledged demons would be tasked with more important things than watching a gate. They would greasing the feet of backsliding priests, or tricking young beauties into thinking that taking it up the bum doesn\u8217\'92t count.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It then occurred to Mandri that he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know why he was actually seeking out Salavan Soreen. Ostensibly, he was here to kill him, but until this moment, standing stupid in front of a blank white wall, he hadn\u8217\'92t actually considered that he could just not showing up. Pell had told him to go and see Salavan, and now here he was, seeing about Salavan. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Perhaps he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fully in control of his own faculties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell had puppeteered him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or it was the burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked at the two demons and asked them bluntly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you demons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two demons, faces swirling, laughed like he was a dog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Git yous butt gawn,\u8221\'94 one of them said. His vowels were as stubborn as a mule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do demons have regional accents?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is Shis that big?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sounded more like this demon grew up in a sun-slum near Iskabat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other had no doubt crawled out of a Jeketian gutter. Insert jeketian detail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri caught his wits and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here to see Salavan Soreen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two demons looked at each other. Hackles up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of them asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatchu gotta knife fur?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked down and saw that he was gripping his knife so tight that his knuckles were white. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.. Uh\u8230\'85 sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The demon from Iskabat pulled his short sword from its scabbard and he brandished it at Mandrameen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come an get dem fingahs cut.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stepped back and waved his hands in clear submission. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here because Pell sent me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pell sent you?\u8221\'94 the Hrkan demon asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Iskabati demon snorted and and Hrkan slouched up again against the gate. Evidently, they had been expecting him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Iskabati waved his sword and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poop the lil\u8217\'92 hippy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Drop the knife.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you dumb? You\u8217\'92re not getting inside with a knife.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seemed unwise to give up the knife. If Mandri handed it over and passed through the gate, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be ambling into the clutches of a demon king without the means to defend himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Probably, he would die. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What good was a Mandri wielded knife against a demon king?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d die with or without it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could run away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where would he go? He would probably die in a gutter within a week. And that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work anyways, because no doubt Pell was slinking in the shadows somewhere nearby.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If there were alternative options, Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see them. Burgeonsight has a rooting effect, it roots a person into the present, makes it hard to see into the future. There were an infinite number of possible paths his life\u8217\'92s direction could take, and presumably some of these didn\u8217\'92t lead to a quick death. Burgeonsight narrowed it down to just one: go through the gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some people say that this is why burgeons are bad for a person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spark. They say that burgeons make people ignorant of the future and so they don\u8217\'92t plan for it, and the next thing that happens is a ruined life. Mandri would argue that everyone walks through life\u8217\'92s infinite possibilities with their eyes set on a narrow array of options. So if sober people are ignoring an effective infinity, what\u8217\'92s the harm in taking a burgeon to ignore a couple more? At least he wasn\u8217\'92t trying to build walls\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those literal embodiments of the restriction of possibility. What\u8217\'92s worse than burgeons is building a wall and funneling only the \u8216\'91good\u8217\'92 things through the gate. These people are higher on fear than Mandri had ever been on burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He dropped the knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Hrkan demon opened the gate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cutout door and motioned Mandri in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door clanged behind his head, and a shiver ran through his spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s amazing how fast he could come to regret a decision.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0}