{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One afternoon they stumbled upon a smooth black column sticking up out of the sand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 plain granite, not Fabled Black}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You should read it,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s gotta sign on the bottom. Funniest shit I ever heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wandered around the column\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s base, while the Ayramun lounged for a while in the column\u8217\'92s long shadow. Since Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t read Old Jandri, he had to turn around and let Obo translate the words graven into a stone plaque.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The first bit is too scuffed to read,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93But the rest says, \u8216\'91Things are said of her Kings that are shameful to relate, in particular regarding Sixa the Very Great, the first King whose seat was in Duur. The falseness of those infamous lies can begin to be suspected by noticing that, with refined cunning, they all make reference to alleged incidents that in themselves are unverifiable. Let it hereby be declared and known\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Sixa the Very Great never had relations with a cow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They made this whole column to announce this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91Moreover, King Sixa\u8217\'92s son, King Shura the Extremely Great, who didn\u8217\'92t permit even as Prince that in the temples his errors and sins could be concealed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 never hid his true sins and defects. Whoever wishes to know them has only to read his ten-thousandth Kingly Decree or hear his heavenly vision from the good harvest of 1021. In none of these is it revealed that he is the result of mixed breeding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re making that up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was sitting on the column's plinth nearby, and she answered for Obo. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This column wasn\u8217\'92t put up by Shura, it was put up just to make fun of Shura.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But why put it in the middle of nowhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t the middle of nowhere,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93This desert was once the womb of cities.\u8221\'94 She gestured broadly out at the Sand with her cane. The landscape was raw and subtly colored by a host of stubby, gray-green pencil weeds and crawling bushes. In the distant south was a line of dune-brinks, topped with smoky spindrifts, and in the distant north, flying high, was a flock of wheeling, screaming blackbirds fighting over the scraps of some unseen corpse. There were no cities in it, nor even the ruins of one. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Each mound of dirt you see was once a city.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every quadrant of the horizon was studded by at least four or five humongous mounds which Mandri had taken to be the natural work of the earth. They were even standing on a mound. The thought that what was under his feet was a city was laughable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They aren\u8217\'92t Hrkan cities, mind, these cities here were small and made of clay. Houses of unbaked brick, plastered with clay. Thatched roofs covered with clay. Each year, a fresh coat of clay. The rains come and the clay washes down from the walls and roofs and into the street, so the city grows up and up and up.\u8221\'94 She stabbed the mound with her stick. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it all started.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From then on, Mandri never called the Sand empty. It was as empty as a graveyard, which is to say, not empty at all.}}