{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wry smile spread thinly scribe, and the man cast a suggestive glance at the army behind him. He leaned forward in his saddle, made a joke of assessing Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s motley crew, and then he said to Ayram, in apparent disbelief, \u8220\'93You have complaints my terms?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe chuckled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever complaints you may have can be assuaged. We come only for the lord Mazyd, and we will give you a fair offer. Now, you and your outland clan have broken the law, and so Nature dictates that you should be tromped under by a Hrkan boot, but Prudence dictates that this matter should be resolved cleanly, quickly, and peaceably. Now, here is what is going to happen if you \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram nodded, as if . He looked up at the sky as if he were contemplating. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One thing my father taught me, is that it is not possible to resolve a conflict peaceably if both sides do not truly understand eachother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not the time for your haggling arts. Speak what you want plainly and if it is reasonable it is yours. The sparing of your lives is already a monumental gift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it is important that you understand the nature of my complaint with your terms. It\u8217\'92s not a simple as you have something that I want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram marches up. Smacks the guys horse in the head and it crumples to the ground. Guy scambles to get away pitifully, but Ayram leapt upon him as fast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, what seems my complaint to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beast, am I? For killing your horse? I\u8217\'92ve seen you break the legs of a thousand of my horses just to rid a road of their encumbrance. And the death of this single horse offends you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram turned to his band of outland clay. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems I have not made my complaint clear enough to this man! It\u8217\'92s time you understand how it feels to be outland clay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forthwith he brought the point of his spud bar down with the speed of a blur and plunged it into the back of the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, pinning it to the ground. The bar was so thick and so little of the , that in the schock of the moment, he , and ripped the wide open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He let loose a A blood curdling scream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94 Ayram yelled, his voice boomed through the tunnel. \u8220\'93Couldn\u8217\'92t have put it better myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scribe screamed, into garbled words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Harber of the Shon, I curse you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! We\u8217\'92ve come to an understanding!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clutching his arm. Through the pain, Mandri saw in those ex, a realization dawn that he might be about to die. Confronted with the prospect of his own death sharpens him. Eyes once bright and, now red and annoyed, and already his skin looked sallow. His breath, out of control, channeled into a simmering anger.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}