{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stretched his legs in a futile attempt to recover from the rigor of death. He wanted to stand up and walk around, but he was forced by circumstance to sit and wait in the bottom of the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limestone pit. He watched the sun as it crossed over to noon. Its light shone straight down into the pit, leaving no shadows in which to hide. As a result, most of the Ayramun had retreated into the tunnel. Seb stayed to keep watch over Mandri, and Mandri stayed because he preferred the warmth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He set his back against the rock and shut his eyes. He had nearly fallen asleep when a crowd of ragged pokes came scrambling back out into the pit, about fifteen to twenty of them. They all sat down, away from Mandri, chattering excitedly like children. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri watched them blather. He tried to pick up some hints about what was going on, but then some hidden signal passed between them, and these sand-dusted, black-hooded, desert-beaten men and women fanned out to ring the pit cave\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s circle before promptly snapping to attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Out of the shadowed tunnel came a black-robed giant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had never seen a man so tall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first thought that came to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind when he saw the man was, \u8216\'91Oh, shit.\u8217\'92 The second was more considered: \u8216\'91This must be Ayram\u8217\'92. Then next came, \u8216\'91No, it\u8217\'92s Arnaggu.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Arnaggu was the first Hrkan Lord, a true conquering hero, the inspiration for the genre of the conquering hero. In some ancient age his image was carved into the flat face of a massive granite monadnock that towered above a nameless windswept plain. The relief itself sat four-hundred feet off the ground, and the battle it depicted stretched all the way across the flat, shaven granite, some six-hundred feet wide. At the bottom of this great image was a horde of Old Jandri tribesmen dressed in the garb of slaves\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 naked torsos and skirted hips. Their limbs were splayed out like flattened lizards. Their faces were fixed in silent screams as they were crushed under the sandals of Arnaggu\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s army, a tidal wave of men. Arnaggu himself was depicted ten times larger than any other, and he stood at the apex of the piece, wading through the carnage. His upper torso and head were the only parts of the relief carved fully in the round, such that Arnaggu seemed to be tearing himself out of the rock, eyes wild yet brow untroubled, the look of kingly rage, as if he\u8217\'92d just heard whispers of rebellion and was dead-set on cutting out the treacherous tongues with his blade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandrameen saw this relief when he was sixteen, and at first blush a prickling sense of awe stippled his skin. To contend with Arnaggu was to contend with the entirety of the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram must have been Arnaggu reborn, a true giant, with a stern countenance seemingly carved from stone. His hair was wrapped up in a black headscarf, and his piercing blue eyes were tucked under thick, black, mothy brows. His long, gaunt face was sunk into a bread loaf of a beard, an Old Jandri style beard called an Unky beard, named after the warrior poet Unkileen, who was himself named after a mountain. Ayram wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ten-men-tall like Arnaggu, but he was as tall as two whole Mandrameens. And the way he moved, with his too-long legs wrapped tight in faded black wool and swinging in a loping gait, he seemed possessed of that skinny-legged power that hides inside a horse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here was a conquering hero in the fashion of old, and true to the form, his glare was imperious upon his prize: Mandrameen the Mazid. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb whispered in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear, \u8220\'93Stand in the center.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fighting back his own fierce timidity, Mandri stood himself up and walked to the center of the pit. The Ayramun watched him like a pack of whipped hounds waiting patiently for a greasy hand to divvy up their meal. A few of them muttered insults, but Mandri paid them no mind. He was concerned instead with Ayram. The giant still had both his hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was not Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s new Minder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man probably couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be made a Minder even if he wanted to, as it was doubtful his great paw would even fit inside Mandri\u8217\'92s chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scanned the meager crowd for some sign of a recent wrist injury and saw none.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Ayram turned to the cave from which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come and shouted, \u8220\'93Elrahet!\u8221\'94 His voice was deep and sonorous, as only the manliest tones could claw their way out of his cavernous chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An old woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice came grumbling back from the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light, I\u8217\'92m coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was stunned to see a witch come hobbling out of the dark, clouded in a mass of ruffled black tatters. She moved with deliberate care as if drugged, or drunk. Mandri guessed drunk because she walked with that familiar rhythmless shuffle of blurred instinct. She would have fallen if her thigh-high cane of withered driftwood wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there to steady her. After one worrying stumble Mandri saw her left arm pop out of her robes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her left hand was missing. In its place was a weedy poultice wrapped to her wrist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here, at last, was his new Minder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spine seemed to shrivel as this witch joined the Ayram\u8217\'92s side. Together, the pair stared Mandri down like disappointed gods. Against such scrutiny, Mandri could only stare at the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your name, boy?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at me, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked up and tried reckon with the absurd jut of the giant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You been crying, boy? \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your eyes are all red and witless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old witch stepped forward, steadied herself on her gnarled cane. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His body has not yet recovered from death,\u8221\'94 She said. \u8220\'93His face is still stuffed with blood.\u8221\'94 The shadow of her cowl hid a sneering squint that folded so much age around her eyes that the eyes themselves were little more than black seeds thumb-pressed into her sockets. And those seeds were moving, they flitted underneath those wrinkles, studying the outline of Mandri\u8217\'92s figure as if they could see the smell of death exuding out from him. Eventually they fixed on his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How is it?\u8221\'94 she asked flatly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri instinctively set his hand atop his wound as if to guard it, but quickly recomposed himself so as to appear untroubled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t feel a thing,\u8221\'94 he muttered, and that was mostly true.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s horrible,\u8221\'94 the witch corrected. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s better if he feels the hand\u8217\'92s presence as pain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s no matter,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, inflecting his words with encouragement as he set his own great hand upon Elrahet shoulder. \u8220\'93You have the power now to command it. Command it to kneel to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not recovered,\u8221\'94 the old witch croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneeling is no great burden. Command it to kneel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet shrugged off Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s giant paw and stepped forward. Mandri sensed she had no clear picture for how to control him, and she was clearly eager to simply get it over with. Her command was a soft but direct, \u8220\'93Kneel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri simply stood there like some god-touched idiot. For all the witch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s accoutrements, it seemed she had little actual power. His chest felt nothing more than a tickle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet took a deep breath, straightened her back, and when she gave her command again she stabbed the sand with her cane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not move. Instead, he cocked his ear and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could you say that again? I didn\u8217\'92t quite catch your meaning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri risked a glance at the giant, who caught his eye and muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems he does not want to kneel. Try one more time. And say it with urgency! Think of yourself as a fat Junkite Queen hungry for meat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet gave a heavy sigh and took a few steps closer to Mandri. Her knees slapped the black tatters of her robe, sending the ragged hem swinging to and fro.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For a moment, her eyes fretted over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then she began to circle as a vulture circles carrion. As she moved she mumbled a guttural speech devoid of natural pauses where she might take a breath. This chilling speech weaved itself into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears and he began to feel his thoughts and feelings flee him. By the second circling he was so far removed from the moment that he almost didn\u8217\'92t see the witch\u8217\'92s good hand drop her cane. It plunged into her ragged robes and emerged with a curved, golden knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a knife he had seen before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In fact, it looked exactly like the knife that the demon witch Pel had used to slaughter his ox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet snarled when she noticed him noticing her. Mandri could not look away for he had seen Elrahet lick her withered lips at the sight of his stomach. And she was holding that accursed knife. It shone bright in this noon-day light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet lashed out with her blade faster than Mandri could flinch, and the blade sliced the air right in front of his belly-button. Mandri stiffened, an involuntary jerk, and now it was clear that this witch was ensorcelling him through her speech. He could actually feel Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grating words pulling his mind down out of its perch and into a pleasant quietness, where nothing existed but a haze. It was an effect he had felt before when his previous Minder muscled for control of his will, but the witch was not done. She continued to circle, and every time her mumblings crescendoed into a witchy bark, she\u8217\'92d lash out with her blade and slash the air just above Mandri\u8217\'92s skin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 above his arm, his shoulder, right in front of his nose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and each time Mandri felt some part of himself snap, as if every time she cut the air she cut one of his desires, unmooring his mind from the future so that it would drop a little further down into this trance and become a pure passenger of the moment. Soon it seemed that the only functional parts of him were his legs, which kept him standing, and his vision, though that was blurring into a whitish pucker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Command it to kneel,\u8221\'94 Ayram demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt his heart squeeze. An unfamiliar urge bubbled up out of his gut and he almost vomited right as Elrahet shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The word that flew out of her mouth was not her own. Mandri supposed it was magic, for the word shivered the sand underneath his feet, and a cool air blew up from nowhere and billowed the skirt of his robe. And more than that, when the word passed out of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat it wrenched at the Spark inside his stomach. He wheezed as his insides twisted, doubling him over in pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he caught his breath he opened his eyes and saw he was still standing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stood back up straight and put on a grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come now,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93If you could command me you could do it with a whisper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet snarled at his sardonic grin, then brought her wounded left arm out into the air. She aimed the weedy poultice at his chest as if it were a weapon, and as she closed her eyes the thin line of her mouth trembled in concentration. Mandri could feel for the pulse of her fingers gripping his heart. She began again to circle, this time cross-stepping sideways, facing him. He struggled against the her mumblings as they dragged him back down into her thrall. He plunged into a vision of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s severed hand stuck inside his chest. Her dead fingers squeezed a malformed slug of muscle that passed for a heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93KNEEL!\u8221\'94 she screamed, and the concussive word rattled the pit\u8217\'92s chalky walls then rebounded right back at Mandri, rattling his ribs, then bouncing into the cave beyond, echoing into unseen corridors, slamming into every dead end, sending faint rejoinders back out. That this powerful shout had come from such an ailing, ancient woman was the least incredible thing, for the air between herself and the Mandri was alive with a sprinkling of sand, as if her very shout had somehow thwacked the dusty ground between like an invisible whip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders jerked downwards, pulled by an unseen tether, and for a moment, it seemed as if he would kneel, but when the last echoing remnant of the Elrahet\u8217\'92s command faded out of the air, the tension snapped, and Mandri was still standing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost!\u8221\'94 Mandri exclaimed, surprised by the effort. This was a wholly different experience to the joint-locking immediacy of his previous Minder. Though the effort had sapped much of his strength, Elrahet did not fare better, for she wobbled and collapsed to her knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, a smirk playing on his lips. \u8220\'93Is that what you wanted me to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This little barb deflated the reverent atmosphere and a chorus of jeers rang out from the Ayramun. Some called for justice for their dead companions, others seemed to seek blood for the sake of it. Ayram himself stood silent, arms crossed, clearly unsettled by what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just seen. It was clear he\u8217\'92d been expecting his witch to work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he was ready speak, he blew a shrill whistle to quiet the crowd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stepped forward, so that he could properly look down his nose upon Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you not kneeling?\u8221\'94 he asked. It was as much a threat as question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood defiant, not because he was particularly brave, but because he simply didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care how he\u8217\'92d be treated. But he played up the bravery anyways. He said to Ayram, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not kneeling because I don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram nodded back towards Elrahet. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is your Minder, yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why are you not kneeling?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Her will must be weak.\u8221\'94\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In truth, Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a clue as to why the witch had failed to make him kneel. But true to form, that did not stop him from speculating. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t actually think a Minder can force me to do anything. A Minder can only stop me from doing something they don\u8217\'92t want me to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram thought for a moment and seemed to find Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suggestion absurd. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the difference between commanding you to kneel, and stopping you from standing? There is no difference. Kneel, or stop standing, I don\u8217\'92t care which.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if you are unsatisfied, your woman could always try again, but I suspect you\u8217\'92ve chosen the wrong person to be Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram turned around to consider his witch who was still on her knees, cringing against the pain that seemed to emanate from her left wrist. She held it out above her lap, as if it were on aflame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try again,\u8221\'94 Ayram commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet bared her teeth, then gathered Mandri in a deadly stare. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said once that I have not recovered. I need not say it again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram gritted his teeth as he chewed on the witch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words. This did not seem to be an acceptable excuse but he let it be. He turned back to Mandri and shouted, \u8220\'93Someone toss me a dagger!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A bone-handled dagger came flying into the center of the circle and buried itself in the sand near Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. Ayram picked it up. The blade was no bigger than a butterknife when compared to his massive hand. He set the blade\u8217\'92s edge up tight against the side of Mandri\u8217\'92s neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kneel,\u8221\'94 he said, drawing out all the tyranny endemic to the word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But by now, Mandri was committed to his rebellion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Threats of violence can no more compel me to action than a word from my new Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram actually growled, and with a chest so cavernous it seemed his growl had already echoed before escaping his throat, giving the unsettling impression that two men growled at once. And to make sure Mandri got the point, he rotated the dagger so that it began to dig into the skin. He added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t do what I want, then I have no use for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck tensed up, but he remained remarkably unconcerned. \u8220\'93If all you want me to do is kneel, I\u8217\'92ll kneel. But I suspect things won\u8217\'92t end there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are a weapon. I shall use you as one uses any weapon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unfortunately for you, I possess strong moral convictions and I lack any sense of self preservation. I\u8217\'92m not going to kill for you. Not willingly. I\u8217\'92d honestly rather you killed me now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked as he let the dagger bleed Mandri just a little.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is,\u8221\'94 Mandri said through clenched teeth. \u8220\'93You should know that I was fine with dying back when I still had my own Spark. Now that my stomach is empty my death would lose nothing. You might as well threaten me with a good time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared up at the sharp nose poking out from Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bread-loaf beard, and just beyond that were two blue-ice eyes staring down at him, almost glowing. It seemed the giant was truly considering slitting Mandri\u8217\'92s throat, and he only relented when Elrahet cleared her own with a rumbling croak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is unneeded,\u8221\'94 she grumbled as she pulled herself up to her feet. \u8220\'93We should be walking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shrugged her words away and began to pace back and forth. His left hand clasped his right behind his back, while his right hand twirled the bone-handled blade like a toothpick in between dexterous fingers. It was a grand show of furious thinking, one which went on for far too long. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I may interject,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93I have a potential solution to this little quandary we all find ourselves in.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked, feigning interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems that I have something you want, and you may have something that I want. And it\u8217\'92s worth considering what happened to my last Minder when\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about we bargain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few chuckles rose from the Ayramun, and Mandri thought he knew why\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram was big enough to simply take what he wanted. Like Tob had said, everything here was his. Ayram stared Mandri square and put quite bluntly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then don\u8217\'92t call it bargaining,\u8221\'94 Mandri replied. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll share gestures of goodwill. We can start small, if you like. I would gladly kneel before you if you would only show me some kindness in return. I don\u8217\'92t ask for much, as kneeling is no great demand. Give me a mouthful of water and I will kneel. I will grovel, if you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why wouldn\u8217\'92t it be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram considered the offer, then he snapped his fingers at one of the nearby Ayramun and demanded their waterskin. The skin was tossed, Ayram snatched it out of the air, and he unplugged the cork and took a drink. His beard bulged as he swished the water around his mouth, and after he swallowed and smacked his lips he wondered aloud, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know a Mazid needed water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Mandri answered. \u8220\'93And without a Spark in my stomach, I don\u8217\'92t need food either. Again, this is about demonstrating a principle. I am not asking for water so much as asking for a sign of goodwill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you first,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93Give us a gesture of goodwill. To demonstrate the principle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri promptly dropped to one knee and bowed his head. And there was no mockery in it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this bend of body and limb was honest, pure obeisance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful,\u8221\'94 Ayram mused as he took a moment to appreciate the gesture. \u8220\'93But I too am a man of convictions. And unfortunately for you I possess a strong sense of self preservation. It goes against my nature to share water with a creature who does not serve me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram let this little betrayal of trust hang in the air. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until Mandri raised his eyes in aggravation that Ayram tossed the waterskin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A chorus of mumbled grumbles sounded out as the waterskin, that sign of goodwill, flew through the air and landed against Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s genuflecting knee. Ayram silenced his people\u8217\'92s complaints with a glare, meanwhile Mandri simply nodded his thanks and set the skin aside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what will it be, then?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked. \u8220\'93What will you take in exchange for killing my enemies?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want my freedom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s laugh was a bellowing slap, and when the sound finished ringing around the pit he said with magnanimous charm, \u8220\'93What happened to those moral convictions? I thought you said you\u8217\'92d rather die than kill another. But you\u8217\'92ll kill for your own freedom?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, you aren\u8217\'92t the only ones who want to use me to kill people. But I suspect you are the only ones I might be able to persuade into letting me be. What I\u8217\'92m trying to do is limit the damage I wil be forced to inflict. If you promise to give me my freedom, then I would use my fire to kill whoever you wish. After that, I\u8217\'92ll go my own way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll kill anyone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Within reason. I\u8217\'92m not going to engage in any unnecessary cruelty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ever heard tell of the Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ever heard of a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to kill demons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if I ever see one, I will be sure to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t speak of some nervy campfire demon. I speak of the king of demons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a beast called the Amalgamete. What I want you to do is open your mouth and spit Mazidfire into its belly. Is that something you are willing to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was stunned by this request. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d assumed these outland pokes were the usual doomed revolutionaries seeking an end to the Hrkan lords. Instead, they were a delusional outland cult dead-set on fighting fantasies. In all likelihood, this \u8216\'91Amalgamete\u8217\'92 was just another epithet for a Hrkan Lord. Or perhaps it referred some rival leader of another band of pokes, one more barbaric and frightening than even Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe Ayram was a demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man had the build for it. He was unnatural.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the moment, Mandri decided it was best to play along.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As I said, in exchange for my freedom, I\u8217\'92ll kill whatever you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In exchange\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ayram repeated in disbelief. \u8220\'93You would put conditions on killing the great evil of our age?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is correct.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow jumped into an incredulous arc, but before he could get out a word, Mandri mounted his argument.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say I kill this evil\u8230\'85now there\u8217\'92s a new great evil, isn\u8217\'92t there? Only next time it\u8217\'92ll be a regular old murder, won\u8217\'92t it? When will it stop? I won\u8217\'92t play that role. If I had my own bright Spark, then my body and my will would be my own and I could walk away and leave the world in peace.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beard split into an expansive smile. \u8220\'93You want me to forge you a Divine Spark? I\u8217\'92ve been mistaken for a god before, but never Solraheen Himself!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Spark was stolen from me. Could one not be returned in a similar way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All eyes turned to the scarecrow witch, Elrahet. Naturally, the mysteries of the Spark were her domain. She simply shook her head and stated, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Spark taken can never be returned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it can\u8217\'92t be done,\u8221\'94 said Ayram firmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not say }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Elrahet snipped as her hand twisted tight on the knobby head of her sand-smoothed cane. To Mandri\u8217\'92s great surprise, she even savored a sneer at her leader. \u8220\'93But nonetheless, it is not worth pursuing. A Mazid is a kind of creature for which no true Spark exists. Giving it one would require a sacrifice greater than I can summon. Better to wring the will out of the boy. I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  wring it out of him.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then its settled,\u8221\'94 said Ayram before adding aside to Mandri, \u8220\'93Besides, I would never trust you with your freedom. Imagine a Sparkless sword which could wield itself\u8230\'85that\u8217\'92d be the end of all of us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, he gave a sharp whistle and marched back into the cave. The rest of the Ayramun jumped up and grabbed their things. They shuffled past Mandri and on into the darkness. Seb stopped at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side and told him to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri thought about staying put and causing as much fuss as possible. He had every right to make these people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lives as miserable as they were making his.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then he considered what passes for torture in this part of the Sand and he wondered how he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever had the courage to stand up for himself in the first place. But he didn\u8217\'92t wonder long, for the answer was simple: he was as much a stubborn poke as the rest of them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gathered what was left of his common sense and hustled after Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fluttering cloak.}}