{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Hi OP,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I'm a Mandaen myself and the other commentors aren't very far off, but let me give you the perspective straight from the Mandaean's mouth. Jesus wasn't even evil by choice as we see it, but something in his teachings, by choice or not, perverted the sanctity of relgion as we see it. Religion was never meant to be an economic or political enterprise, and our belief in this goes back to our ancient relationship with the ancient Jews (we are very likely one of the "Lost Tribes" of Israel). As such, we disagreed with the idea of a "holy land" or "chosen people" and insisted that all conflicts can be solved with effective nonviolence. We are a matriarchal religion that puts an emphasis on respect for all life, while reconciling science and faith. We believe in evolution and a big-bang type event, even though we also believe in archons and deities that are in a larger "congress" of sorts, and that the god we believe in, Manda-ad-Hai or "knowledge of life" or "The Great Life" is but a being in control of this part of the universe. Manda means knowledge in Aramaic, therefore, Mandaean means "People of Knowledge".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Since I mentioned that we started out alongside the Jews in the Jerusalem/Sinai/Jordan Valley area (with some wiggle room for a presence in Egypt, though unconfirmed), most likely branching off thousands of years ago but still living alongside one another. Then the Babylonians invaded in 597 BC, and many Jews and Mandaeans were taken as perhaps a combination of prisoners of war or just as intellectual/skilled citizens as part of the Kingdom of Babylon. That was the first wave, but not all of us had left. The second wave from Jerusalem to Babylon happened when the Judeo-Roman war happened in 66 AD. Most likely, Mandaeans fled because we did not want to fight and die over land (explicitly against our teachings) and went to where kin were, in Babylon. On the way, some ended up staying in the Harranian Peninsula of Syria, where evidence of Mandaean and Jewish communities have been found in context. We may have ventured as far as Yemen along with the Jews as well. And so, for more than 2,500 years or so, we have considered Babylon a home. How did we survive as a pacifist, baptist community? Well, socioeconomically we were artisans and scientists. We were a valued and influential member of society, education was paramount for us, and keeping traditions of peace alive were just as important.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We are also referenced in the Hebrew bible as the "Nassorayim / nassoraeans" (sp?), as a higher priestly class akin to, if not higher than the Levites and Cohens. Revered Semetic scholar Rudolf Macuch, a Jew himself, wanted to revive Hebrew in the late 19th century along with many of his peers at the time since it had been largely lost outside of the Middle East as a language. So, Macuch studied Mandaic (Eastern Aramaic, analogous to Talmudic Hebrew from Babylon) and filled in the gaps that had been lost in Hebrew (Western Aramaic from Jerusalem)...and incredibly, he created the first Mandaic dictionaries. We didn't even do this, because we don't write things down unless our existence is threatened, which is understandable. That's why scholars and historians alike may say there is no evidence for our existence before the Christian era, but we have in fact, but a very secretive group away from the spotlight for much, much longer than the time of Christ.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Here's where it gets even cooler: Christianity obviously mentions the followers of John. But we aren't his followers, we staunchly believe we are his direct descendants, and by relation of course, related to his cousin, Jesus of Nazareth. Our side of the story is that John was ever beheaded, he had kids and lived a peaceful life baptizing until the end of his days. Not only that, but when Jesus came to John to be baptized, John was worried, and a bit reluctant, but pitied Jesus and his eccentric ways enough to say "sure". The rest as they say, is history.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Oh and this is important: why do Muslims consider us people of the book? Did they just take the Jews' and Christians' word for it? Maybe, but there is a story in the Hadith (newer volumes of the Qur'an added hundreds of years after the prophet Muhammad died, recognized by the Shiites but not by Sunni's as I understand it) That Mohammad went to the desert for 40 days (that old biblical trope) and met a people of higher knowledge who were protectors and keepers of God's original teachings, who wore, white and baptized in the fresh water rivers. So, he asked them if he could learn, and they of course said yes. If you see how Muslims pray, they wash their hands and hold them up, letting the water run down without touching anything else. Sound familiar? This is the sterile technique surgeons use. "Nobody touch me I'm sterile!" = "Nobody touch me I'm spiritually clean".}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We are the original baptists, and we founded the right of Mikveh in the river, before it went to the closed baths, perhaps with an inlet and outlet making it an extension of a nearby river, a method used by ancient Jews and modern Mandaeans alike, but Mandaeans still push for baptism in the river. By the way, the "sacred living water" is called Yardina in Mandaean..YRDN...JRDN...Jordan...The River Jordan. Awesome, huh? Water is one of the five supreme entities. We believe life evolved and propagfated from fresh water, living water, that most likely came from some extraterrestrial source of some kind. Maybe comets, maybe aliens, all we know is it came from the World of Light, somewhere in the Polar North in astronomical terms. We bury our dead with their heads pointing toward this region of the universe because we believe that is were all souls go, and were Manda-ad-Hai, the creator and arbiter of this world came from.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The whole point about being a Mandaean is to create peace and gather knowledge through the human experiences of faith and science. We believe that war, poverty and disease will always be the bane of mankind, and that we will meet our end that way, but we should never give up hope, since we can always find some measure of peace combating those destructive forces with peace, prosperity and health. This is why we baptize and keep an emphasis on a "clean" life, both physically and spiritually, in order to combat disease. We believe mourning creates mental illness and hatred, which is why we never mounred the loss of our home in Jerusalem, just as we tell ourselves not to mourn the loss of Iraq/Iran after well over 95% of us have left the region in the last 25 years. We are human beings, flawed as any others, we believe environment and upbringing shapes people, not their race or faith. This optimism in the inherent good is paramount in our lives so we can keep contributing positive things to the world. No politics. No army. No war. Mandaean teaching tells us to "actively seek out injustice and oppose it with knowledge, not iron"...meaning, we aren't some cliche pacifists that siolate ourselves in order to live peacefully, we actively engage with our communities and neighbors to create a greater peace for all. Our reputation is concentrated and very respected within the circles of Iraq and Iran, but without any political or military influence, we quietly went about our business without anyone seeing us as a threat. People trust us, revere our legacy and mourn our loss from the region. Today, we live in more than 36 countries around the world and want to rectify the opinion that religion is not a force for good but for ignorance, we believe that God gave us brains to use and help our fellow man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Oh and women are paramount, because they are the center of families, therefore empowering women without being patriarchal is very important for understanding community health in a public health perspective. We are baptized with a religious name base don the time of day and year you are born and then the last part of the name is your mother's religious name. The final result of all these practices is a resilient, skilled, revered community of people who love humanity despite it's flaws because we understand that we must leave the world a better place than when we entered it. Simple. Be kind, gain knowledge and skills, and use them to create a secure and happy life of dignity for yourself, your family and as much of your community as you possibly can. Never neglect the world, because your soul won't be filled with good deeds. Sounds about as biblical as it gets...and yet...we have nothing to do with Abraham....PLOT TWIST! He was never one of us and we don't believe he was a prophet, mainly because he circumcised himself. If he just baptized and practiced self-cleaning like we did, he probably wouldn't have gotten that legendary STD which more moderate historians and religious experts believe to be the real reason he did the old snip-snip. But that's a story for another day. I've said enough...for now.}}