{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hrkan robe have red green and blue trim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Need to maintain Spark colors - Gold for Elrahet/Pel, grey/scintillating white for people. Animals have all other colors}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Robe livery mirrors colors of solraheen, in order of importance - White for Lords and their Voices. Red for Solitants. Green for admin. Blue for scribes. Yellow for righteous pilgrims. White with all colors for soldiers. - Black for Mazid/Riga/etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 What color would a Minder have - Grey?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gently and respectably close the mouth of the unbeliever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CONSISTENCIES:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Are the threads of fate showing specific future trajectories or more vague \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91desire lines\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  need to set up pros and cons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t show sparks pre-burgeonsight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Skulsi \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  different name? Single syllable?? Something more attached to lore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 --[O]utland}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 SPindrifts appear only in GOREE PASS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have said once\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -did I put that elsewhere earlier???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Consider\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Salavan}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In truth,\u8221\'94 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Salavan}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91If you can believe it\u8217\'92. Where else? This is a pyetle thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 We use kaleidoscopic in SHULGI, make sure it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not used anywhere else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mandri no sweating as Mazid. No fluids. No food.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Triage body Functions - in Fabled Black, in Journey}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Slaveback mountains - currently in FabledBlack/Journey}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eight Hrkan Lords, used to be the none, but coalesced out of the Voices.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eight Portions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pitted Portion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Empty Portion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fertile Portion}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb rejects the fabled black knife as this represents the rejection of agency - its blasphemous to suggest that her ways are higher that gods ways}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ther are three types of artist .Beginners Thieves - these are the bulk. Professionals. THey plunder baubles from reality, smash them together, and pretend they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve done something Creators- the true artist. They forge the new. A new thought. A new idea. A new}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Has nothing to do with what an artist makes, because they dont make anything. They just move things around.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 superstition and all the nastiness and abominations of daily life were necessary, since in process of time they worked out to something sensible, just as manure turns into black earth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 profesisonally religious}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 restlessness is a sin}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a woman who would never be painted. Too slight for a statue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Survival is tricky because there are not enough places to hide in the desert.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cost of the canvas vigram paints on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mulberry fiber. Thick and strong and smooth. The paper itself could afford a slave. The depth and richness to allow undertones to show through.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t afford to wear the flesh on his bones.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why would I provide you the emotional labor of giving you an answer??? }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shakes his hands violently. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What are you doing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I love the feeling of blood tingling my veins.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He mistakes his own ignorance for a corruption in others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Purl laughs, she covers her mouth, as if to prevent it from escaping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skin tone, golden ochre, mousey brown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the words more spit than sound }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anglo saxon legend - grendel - merch stapper- border walker- boundary crosser}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to have paint be something other than colored dirt. Principle of the universe here. The illusion is sacred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to see all his art at once because then there\u8217\'92s nothing left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 gallery is a graveyard}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aborigines did not believe there was such a thing as inevitable natural death. Death resulted either from homicide or witchcraft.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 something something '}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 spending a year dead for tax reasons' }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 after he reads, the pages become weak, stressed.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the knife\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge of being. A metaphor which cannot sustain pressure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slaveback mountains}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was wearing someone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. Like those puffy things had bene sewn on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pees in post minting rock - make reference to how little there is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Journey\u8221\'94 - Mandri\u8217\'92s demon - mandri is timing the burgeon and need to line this up with what has come before.???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solitants are surgeons of the self, knowing precisely how much to harm in order to heal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Medicine - You know how much you have to hurt in order to heal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANDRI\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92S LEGS SWEAT IN CH.1!!!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a name that hurts to sayif you have a sore throat. a language that hurts to speak.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 what use is an afterlife if you don't inted to use it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 celebrating diminishing achievements with cruder monuments.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mean to shoot him, so I reloaded and shot him again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Chalkwalker}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \endash  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cauldron chain - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Percieve this one object without entraining everyting else in the wordl.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hand gesture- jonathan gorard - pulling something out and throwing it in the air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there are those he see the chaos in themselves and become fascinated by it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Consumed by the body}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab So that it can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Feed the Spark}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab So that it can}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Move the flesh}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab So that it can be}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He smiled at the thought that he could mean such different things to different people, and he sobbed at the realization that all he was, and all he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever been, was that very difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He begged them both to stay, for he could never be lost so long as someone else was present. And in the end, they agreed, though Moto was sure to add, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll think better in the sun.\u8221\'94 So, they waited for the sun to rise and bring the fresh white light of day. Maybe then they would know what to do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}