{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried on three separate occasions to finagle some burgeons out of Seb. He was denied each time, and each time Seb grew angrier. She got so mad that she threatened to kill Mandri, and when that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, she threatened to kill the burgeons. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t believe her, but that night Seb pulled out one of those beautiful God Eye burgeons and threw it as far as she could.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thankfully, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much difference between night and day in the desert, as far as light to find a burgeon is concerned. The moon and stars together were almost as bright as the sun, and so Mandri went scampering after that loose burgeon like a cat after a mouse. It took some doing, but he eventually found it, much to Seb\u8217\'92s chagrin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t use it now, for these were prime walking hours. The world was blue and comfortable, if a little cold. It would be better to save that blessed burgeon juice for the droll, daylight hours. Yes, he would ride contentedness for as long as it lasted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He passed by distant dunes that had dark streaks running down their faces. Obo called them weeping dunes. Large weeping dunes. The dark lines were streaks of water seeping out onto the surface. Obo said that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen dead bodies of men at the feet of weeping dunes. They\u8217\'92d been trying to sop their dried tongues on the damp sand. He called it the cruelest thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the water is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 there}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  but you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t drink it. You\u8217\'92ll only get a mouthful of sand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}