{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Most of human history is irreparably lost to us. Our species,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Homo sapiens}{\f0\fs24\b0 , has existed for at least 200,000 years, but for most of that time we have next to no idea what was happening. In northern Spain, for instance, at the cave of Altamira, paintings and engravings were created over a period of at least 10,000 years, between around 25,000 and 15,000\~bc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  knowledge of the past is almost entirely a collective delusion. You hardly know yourself and yet you claim to understand the narrative of thousands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~it is clear now that human societies before the advent of farming were not confined to small, egalitarian bands. On the contrary, the world of hunter-gatherers as it existed before the coming of agriculture was one of bold social experiments, resembling a carnival parade of political forms, far more than it does the drab abstractions of evolutionary theory. Agriculture, in turn, did not mean the inception of private property, nor did it mark an irreversible step towards inequality. In fact, many of the first farming communities were relatively free of ranks and hierarchies. And far from setting class differences in stone, a surprising number of the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s earliest cities were organized on robustly egalitarian lines, with no need for authoritarian rulers, ambitious warrior-politicians, or even bossy administrators.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 To make that shift means retracing some of the initial steps that led to our modern notion of social evolution: the idea that human societies could be arranged according to stages of development, each with their own characteristic technologies and forms of organization (hunter-gatherers, farmers, urban-industrial society, and so on). As we will see, such notions have their roots in a conservative backlash against critiques of European civilization, which began to gain ground in the early decades of the eighteenth century. The origins of that critique, however, lie not with the philosophers of the Enlightenment (much though they initially admired and imitated it), but with indigenous commentators and observers of European society, such as the Native American (Huron-Wendat) statesman Kandiaronk, of whom we will learn much more in the next chapter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Revisiting what we will call the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91indigenous critique\u8217\'92 means taking seriously contributions to social thought that come from outside the European canon, and in particular from those indigenous peoples whom Western philosophers tend to cast either in the role of history\u8217\'92s angels or its devils. Both positions preclude any real possibility of intellectual exchange, or even dialogue: it\u8217\'92s just as hard to debate someone who is considered diabolical as someone considered divine, as almost anything they think or say is likely to be deemed either irrelevant or deeply profound. Most of the people we will be considering in this book are long since dead. It is no longer possible to have any sort of conversation with them. We are nonetheless determined to write prehistory as if it consisted of people one would have been able to talk to, when they were still alive \endash  who don\u8217\'92t just exist as paragons, specimens, sock-puppets or playthings of some inexorable law of history.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The political implications of the Hobbesian model need little elaboration. It is a foundational assumption of our economic system that humans are at base somewhat nasty and selfish creatures, basing their decisions on cynical, egoistic calculation rather than altruism or cooperation; in which case, the best we can hope for are more sophisticated internal and external controls on our supposedly innate drive towards accumulation and self-aggrandizement. Rousseau\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s story about how humankind descended into inequality from an original state of egalitarian innocence seems more optimistic (at least there was somewhere better to fall from), but nowadays it\u8217\'92s mostly deployed to convince us that while the system we live under might be unjust, the most we can realistically aim for is a bit of modest tinkering. The term \u8216\'91inequality\u8217\'92 is itself very telling in this regard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Since the financial crash of 2008, and the upheavals that followed, the question of inequality \endash  and with it, the long-term history of inequality \endash  have become major topics for debate. Something of a consensus has emerged among intellectuals and even, to some degree, the political classes that levels of social inequality have got out of hand, and that most of the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s problems result, in one way or another, from an ever-widening gulf between the haves and the have-nots. Pointing this out is in itself a challenge to global power structures; at the same time, though, it frames the issue in a way that people who benefit from those structures can still find ultimately reassuring, since it implies no meaningful solution to the problem would ever be possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 After all, imagine we framed the problem differently, the way it might have been fifty or 100 years ago: as the concentration of capital, or oligopoly, or class power. Compared to any of these, a word like \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91inequality\u8217\'92 sounds like it\u8217\'92s practically designed to encourage half-measures and compromise. It\u8217\'92s possible to imagine overthrowing capitalism or breaking the power of the state, but it\u8217\'92s not clear what}{\f0\fs24\b0 e}{\f0\fs24\b0 liminating inequality would even mean. (Which kind of inequality? Wealth? Opportunity? Exactly how equal would people have to be in order for us to be able to say we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve \u8216\'91eliminated inequality\u8217\'92?) The term\~\u8216\'91inequality\u8217\'92 is a way of framing social problems appropriate to an age of technocratic reformers, who assume from the outset that no real vision of social transformation is even on the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Debating inequality allows one to tinker with the numbers, argue about Gini coefficients and thresholds of dysfunction, readjust tax regimes or social welfare mechanisms, even shock the public with figures showing just how bad things have become (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Can you imagine? The richest 1 per cent of the world\u8217\'92s population own 44 per cent of the world\u8217\'92s wealth!\u8217\'92) \endash  but it also allows one to do all this without addressing any of the factors that people actually object to about such \u8216\'91unequal\u8217\'92 social arrangements: for instance, that some manage to turn their wealth into power over others; or that other people end up being told their needs are not important, and their lives have no intrinsic worth. The last, we are supposed to believe, is just the inevitable effect of inequality; and inequality, the inevitable result of living in any large, complex, urban, technologically sophisticated society. Presumably it will always be with us. It\u8217\'92s just a matter of degree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Today, there is a veritable boom of thinking about inequality: since 2011, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91global inequality\u8217\'92 has regularly featured as a top item for debate in the World Economic Forum at Davos. There are inequality indexes, institutes for the study of inequality, and a relentless stream of publications trying to project the current obsession with property distribution back into the Stone Age. There have even been attempts to calculate income levels and Gini coefficients for Palaeolithic mammoth hunters (they both turn out to be very low).}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c01-fn1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s almost as if we feel some need to come up with mathematical formulae justifying the expression, already popular in the days of Rousseau, that in such societies \u8216\'91everyone was equal, because they were all equally poor.\u8217\'92}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The ultimate effect of all these stories about an original state of innocence and equality, like the use of the term \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91inequality\u8217\'92 itself, is to make wistful pessimism about the human condition seem like common sense: the natural result of viewing ourselves through history\u8217\'92s broad lens. Yes, living in a truly egalitarian society might be possible if you\u8217\'92re a Pygmy or a Kalahari Bushman. But if you want to create a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 s}{\f0\fs24\b0 ociety of true equality today, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to have to figure out a way to go back to becoming tiny bands of foragers again with no significant personal property. Since foragers require a pretty extensive territory to forage in, this would mean having to reduce the world\u8217\'92s population by something like 99.9 percent. Otherwise, the best we can hope for is to adjust the size of the boot that will forever be stomping on our faces; or, perhaps, to wangle a bit more wiggle room in which some of us can temporarily duck out of its way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What if, instead of telling a story about how our species fell from some idyllic state of equality, we ask how we came to be trapped in such tight conceptual shackles that we can no longer even imagine the possibility of reinventing ourselves?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91When it came to violence in pre-state peoples,\u8217\'92 writes the psychologist Steven Pinker, \u8216\'91Hobbes and Rousseau were talking through their hats: neither knew a thing about life before civilization.\u8217\'92 On this point, Pinker is absolutely right. In the same breath, however, he also asks us to believe that Hobbes, writing in 1651 (apparently through his hat), somehow managed to guess right, and come up with an analysis of violence and its causes in human history that is \u8216\'91as good as any today\u8217\'92.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c01-fn11"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~This would be an astonishing \endash  not to mention damning \endash  verdict on centuries of empirical research, if it only happened to be true. As we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll see, it is not even close.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 We can take Pinker as our quintessential modern Hobbesian. In his magnum opus,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(2012), and subsequent books like\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Enlightenment Now: The Case for Reason, Science, Humanism, and Progress}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(2018) he argues that today we live in a world which is, overall, far less violent and cruel than anything our ancestors had ever experienced.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c01-fn13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, this may seem counter-intuitive to anyone who spends much time watching the news, let alone who knows much about the history of the twentieth century. Pinker, though, is confident that an objective statistical analysis, shorn of sentiment, will show us to be living in an age of unprecedented peace and security. And this, he suggests, is the logical outcome of living in sovereign states, each with a monopoly over the legitimate use of violence within its borders, as opposed to the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91anarchic societies\u8217\'92 (as he calls them) of our deep evolutionary past, where life for most people was, indeed, typically \u8216\'91nasty, brutish, and short\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Since, like Hobbes, Pinker is concerned with the origins of the state, his key point of transition is not the rise of farming but the emergence of cities. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Archaeologists\u8217\'92, he writes, \u8216\'91tell us that humans lived in a state of anarchy until the emergence of civilization some five thousand years ago, when sedentary farmers first coalesced into cities and states and developed the first governments.\u8217\'92}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c01-fn14"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 4}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~What follows is, to put it bluntly, a modern psychologist making it up as he goes along. You might hope that a passionate advocate of science would approach the topic scientifically, through a broad appraisal of the evidence \endash  but\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 t}{\f0\fs24\b0 his is precisely the approach to human prehistory that Pinker seems to find uninteresting. Instead he relies on anecdotes, images and individual sensational discoveries, like the headline-making find, in 1991, of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91\u214\'D6tzi the Tyrolean Iceman\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91What is it about the ancients,\u8217\'92 Pinker asks at one point, \u8216\'91that they couldn\u8217\'92t leave us an interesting corpse without resorting to foul play?\u8217\'92 There is an obvious response to this: doesn\u8217\'92t it rather depend on which corpse you consider interesting in the first place? Yes, a little over 5,000 years ago someone walking through the Alps left the world of the living with an arrow in his side; but there\u8217\'92s no particular reason to treat \u214\'D6tzi as a poster child for humanity in its original condition, other than, perhaps, \u214\'D6tzi suiting Pinker\u8217\'92s argument. But if all we\u8217\'92re doing is cherry-picking, we could just as easily have chosen the much earlier burial known to archaeologists as Romito 2 (after the Calabrian rock-shelter where it was found). Let\u8217\'92s take a moment to consider what it would mean if we did this.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Romito 2 is the 10,000-year-old burial of a male with a rare genetic disorder (acromesomelic dysplasia): a severe type of dwarfism, which in life would have rendered him both anomalous in his community and unable to participate in the kind of high-altitude hunting that was necessary for their survival. Studies of his pathology show that, despite generally poor levels of health and nutrition, that same community of hunter-gatherers still took pains to support this individual through infancy and into early adulthood, granting him the same share of meat as everyone else, and ultimately according him a careful, sheltered burial.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c01-fn15"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Neither is Romito 2 an isolated case. When archaeologists undertake balanced appraisals of hunter-gatherer burials from the Palaeolithic, they find high frequencies of health-related disabilities \endash  but also surprisingly high levels of care until the time of death (and beyond, since some of these funerals were remarkably lavish).}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c01-fn16"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~If we did want to reach a general conclusion about what form human societies originally took, based on statistical frequencies of health indicators from ancient burials, we would have to reach the exact opposite conclusion to Hobbes (and Pinker): in origin, it might be claimed, our species is a nurturing and care-giving species, and there was simply no need for life to be nasty, brutish or short.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Yanomami are an indigenous population who live largely by growing plantains and cassava in the Amazon rainforest, their traditional homeland, on the border of southern Venezuela and northern Brazil. Since the 1970s, the Yanomami have acquired a reputation as the quintessential violent savages: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91fierce people\u8217\'92, as their most famous ethnographer, Napoleon Chagnon, called them. This seems decidedly unfair to the Yanomami since, in fact, statistics show they\u8217\'92re not particularly violent \endash  compared with other Amerindian groups, Yanomami homicide rates turn out average-to-low.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c01-fn18"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 8}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Again, though, actual statistics turn out to matter less than the availability of dramatic images and anecdotes. The real reason the Yanomami are so famous, and have such a colourful reputation, has everything to do with Chagnon himself: his 1968 book\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Yanomam\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u246\'F6: The Fierce People}{\f0\fs24\b0 , which sold millions of copies, and also a series of films, such as\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Ax Fight}{\f0\fs24\b0 , which offered viewers a vivid glimpse of tribal warfare. For a while all this made Chagnon the world\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s most famous anthropologist, in the process turning the Yanomami into a notorious case study of primitive violence and establishing their scientific importance in the emerging field of sociobiology.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We should be fair to Chagnon (not everyone is). He never claimed the Yanomami should be treated as living remnants of the Stone Age; indeed, he often noted that they obviously weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. At the same time,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 a}{\f0\fs24\b0 nd somewhat unusually for an anthropologist, he tended to define them primarily in terms of things they lacked (e.g. written language, a police force, a formal judiciary), as opposed to the positive features of their culture, which has rather the same effect of setting them up as quintessential primitives.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c01-fn19"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 9}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Chagnon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s central argument was that adult Yanomami men achieve both cultural and reproductive advantages by killing other adult men; and that this feedback between violence and biological fitness \endash  if generally representative of the early human condition \endash  might have had evolutionary consequences for our species as a whole.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c01-fn20"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 0}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This is not just a big \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91if\u8217\'92 \endash  it\u8217\'92s enormous. Other anthropologists started raining down questions, not always friendly.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c01-fn21"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Allegations of professional misconduct were levelled at Chagnon (mostly revolving around ethical standards in the field), and everyone took sides. Some of these accusations appear baseless, but the rhetoric of Chagnon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s defenders grew so heated that (as another celebrated anthropologist, Clifford Geertz, put it) not only was he held up as the epitome of rigorous, scientific anthropology, but all who questioned him or his social Darwinism were excoriated as \u8216\'91Marxists\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91liars\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91cultural anthropologists from the academic left\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91ayatollahs\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91politically correct bleeding hearts\u8217\'92. To this day, there is no easier way to get anthropologists to begin denouncing each other as extremists than to mention the name of Napoleon Chagnon.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c01-fn22"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The important point here is that, as a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91non-state\u8217\'92 people, the Yanomami are supposed to exemplify what Pinker calls the \u8216\'91Hobbesian trap\u8217\'92, whereby individuals in tribal societies find themselves caught in repetitive cycles of raiding and warfare, living fraught and precarious lives, always just a few steps away from violent death on the tip of a sharp weapon or at the end of a vengeful club. That, Pinker tells us, is the kind of dismal fate ordained for us by evolution. We have only escaped it by virtue of our willingness to place ourselves under the common protection of nation states, courts of law and police forces; and also by embracing virtues of reasoned debate and self-control that Pinker sees as the exclusive heritage of a European \u8216\'91civilizing process\u8217\'92, which produced the Age of Enlightenment (in other words, were it not for Voltaire, and the police, the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 k}{\f0\fs24\b0 nife-fight over Chagnon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s findings would have been physical, not just academic).}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Of course, this isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t usually the way historians of ideas tell this story. Not only are we taught to think of intellectual history as something largely produced by individuals writing great books or thinking great thoughts, but these \u8216\'91great thinkers\u8217\'92 are assumed to perform both these activities almost exclusively with reference to each other. As a result, even in cases where Enlightenment thinkers openly insisted they were getting their ideas from foreign sources (as the German philosopher Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz did when he urged his compatriots to adopt Chinese models of statecraft), there\u8217\'92s a tendency for contemporary historians to insist they weren\u8217\'92t really serious; or else that when they said they were embracing Chinese, or Persian, or indigenous American ideas these weren\u8217\'92t really Chinese, Persian or indigenous American ideas at all but ones they themselves had made up and merely attributed to exotic Others.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 2}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 These are remarkably arrogant assumptions \endash  as if \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Western thought\u8217\'92 (as it later came to be known) was such a powerful and monolithic body of ideas that no one else could possibly have any meaningful influence on it. It\u8217\'92s also pretty obviously untrue. Just consider the case of Leibniz: over the course of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 E}{\f0\fs24\b0 uropean governments gradually came to adopt the idea that every government should properly preside over a population of largely uniform language and culture, run by a bureaucratic officialdom trained in the liberal arts whose members had succeeded in passing competitive exams. It might seem surprising that they did so, since nothing remotely like that had existed in any previous period of European history. Yet it was almost exactly the system that had existed for centuries in China.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Are we really to insist that the advocacy of Chinese models of statecraft by Leibniz, his allies and followers really had\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 nothing}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to do with the fact that Europeans did, in fact, adopt something that looks very much like Chinese models of statecraft? What is really unusual about this case is that Leibniz was so honest about his intellectual influences. When he lived, Church authorities still wielded a great deal of power in most of Europe: anyone making an argument that non-Christian ways were in any way superior might find themselves facing charges of atheism, which was potentially a capital offence.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 3}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\super
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It is much the same with the question of inequality. If we ask, not \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91what are the origins of social inequality?\u8217\'92 but \u8216\'91what are the origins of the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 question}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~about the origins of social inequality?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 (in other words, how did it come about that, in 1754, the Acad\u233\'E9mie de Dijon would think this an appropriate question to ask?), then we are immediately confronted with a long history of Europeans arguing with one another about the nature of faraway societies: in this case, particularly in the Eastern Woodlands of North America. What\u8217\'92s more, a lot of those conversations make reference to arguments that took place between Europeans and indigenous Americans about the nature of freedom, equality or for that matter rationality and revealed religion \endash  indeed, most of the themes that would later become central to Enlightenment political thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Many influential Enlightenment thinkers did in fact claim that some of their ideas on the subject were directly taken from Native American sources \endash  even though, predictably, intellectual historians today insist this cannot really be the case. Indigenous people are assumed to have lived in a completely different universe, inhabited a different reality, even; anything Europeans said about them was simply a shadow-play projection, fantasies of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91noble savage\u8217\'92 culled from the European tradition itself.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 4}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 O}{\f0\fs24\b0 f course, such historians typically frame this position as a critique of Western arrogance (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how can you suggest that genocidal imperialists were actually listening to those whose societies they were in the process of stamping out?\u8217\'92), but it could equally well be seen as a form of Western arrogance in its own right. There is no contesting that European traders, missionaries and settlers did actually engage in prolonged conversations with people they encountered in what they called the New World, and often lived among them for extended periods of time \endash  even as they also colluded in their destruction. We also know that many of those living in Europe who came to embrace principles of freedom and equality (principles barely existing in their countries a few generations before) claimed that accounts of these encounters had a profound influence on their thinking. To deny any possibility that they were right is, effectively, to insist that indigenous people could not possibly have any real impact on history. It is, in fact, a way of infantilizing non-Westerners: a practice denounced by these very same authors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In recent years, a growing number of American scholars, most themselves of indigenous descent, have challenged these assumptions.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 5}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Here we follow in their footsteps. Basically, we are going to retell the story, starting from the assumption that all parties to the conversation between European colonists and their indigenous interlocutors were adults, and that, at least occasionally, they actually listened to each other. If we do this, even familiar histories suddenly begin to look very different. In fact, what we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll see is not only that indigenous Americans \endash  confronted with strange foreigners \endash  gradually developed their own, surprisingly consistent critique of European institutions, but that these critiques came to be taken very seriously in Europe itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Just how seriously can hardly be overstated. For European audiences, the indigenous critique would come as a shock to the system, revealing possibilities for human emancipation that, once disclosed, could hardly be ignored. Indeed, the ideas expressed in that critique came to be perceived as such a menace to the fabric of European society that an entire body of theory was called into being, specifically to refute them. As we will shortly see, the whole story we summarized in the last chapter \endash  our standard historical meta-narrative about the ambivalent progress of human civilization, where freedoms are lost as\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 s}{\f0\fs24\b0 ocieties grow bigger and more complex \endash  was invented largely for the purpose of neutralizing the threat of indigenous critique.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 The first thing to emphasize is that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the origin of social inequality\u8217\'92 is not a problem which would have made sense to anyone in the Middle Ages. Ranks and hierarchies were assumed to have existed from the very beginning. Even in the Garden of Eden, as the thirteenth-century philosopher Thomas Aquinas observed, Adam clearly outranked Eve. \u8216\'91Social equality\u8217\'92 \endash  and therefore, its opposite, inequality \endash  simply did not exist as a concept. A recent survey of medieval literature by two Italian scholars in fact finds no evidence that the Latin terms}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 aequalitas}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~or\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 inaequalitas}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~or their English, French, Spanish, German and Italian cognates were used to describe social relations at all before the time of Columbus. So one cannot even say that medieval thinkers rejected the notion of social equality: the idea that it might exist seems never to have occurred to them.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 6}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In fact, the terms \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91equality\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91inequality\u8217\'92 only began to enter common currency in the early seventeenth century, under the influence of natural law theory. And natural law theory, in turn, arose largely in the course of debates about the moral and legal implications of Europe\u8217\'92s discoveries in the New World.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s important to remember that Spanish adventurers like Cort\u233\'E9s and Pizarro carried out their conquests largely without authorization from higher authorities; afterwards, there were intense debates back home over whether such unvarnished aggression against people who, after all, posed no threat to Europeans could really be justified.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn7"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 7}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The key problem was that \endash  unlike non-Christians of the Old World, who could be assumed to have had the opportunity to learn the teachings of Jesus, and therefore to have actively rejected them \endash  it was fairly obvious that the inhabitants of the New World simply never had any exposure to Christian ideas. So they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be classed as infidels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The conquistadors generally finessed this question by reading a declaration in Latin calling on all the Indians to convert before attacking them. Legal scholars in universities like Salamanca in Spain were not impressed by this expedient. At the same time, attempts to write off the inhabitants of the Americas as so utterly alien that they fell outside the bounds of humanity entirely, and could be treated literally like animals,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 a}{\f0\fs24\b0 lso didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find much purchase. Even cannibals, the jurists noted, had governments, societies and laws, and were able to construct arguments to defend the justice of their (cannibalistic) social arrangements; therefore they were clearly humans, vested by God with powers of reason.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Any middle-class household in eighteenth-century Amsterdam or Grenoble would have been likely to have on its shelves at the very least a copy of the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Jesuit Relations of New France}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(as France\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s North American colonies were then known), and one or two accounts written by voyagers to faraway lands. Such books were appreciated largely because they contained surprising and unprecedented ideas.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn10"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 0}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Historians are aware of all this. Yet the overwhelming majority still conclude that even when European authors explicitly say they are borrowing ideas, concepts and arguments from indigenous thinkers, one should not take them seriously. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all just supposed to be some kind of misunderstanding, fabrication, or at best a naive projection of pre-existing European ideas. American intellectuals, when they appear in European accounts, are assumed to be mere representatives of some Western archetype of the \u8216\'91noble savage\u8217\'92 or sock-puppets, used as plausible alibis to an author who might otherwise get into trouble for presenting subversive ideas (deism, for example, or rational materialism, or unconventional views on marriage).}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn11"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Certainly, if one encounters an argument ascribed to a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91savage\u8217\'92 in a European text that even remotely resembles anything to be found in Cicero or Erasmus, one is automatically supposed to assume that no \u8216\'91savage\u8217\'92 could possibly have really said it \endash  or even that the conversation in question never really took place at all.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn12"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~If nothing else, this habit of thought is very convenient for students of Western literature, themselves trained in Cicero and Erasmus, who might otherwise be forced to actually try to learn something about what indigenous people thought about the world, and above all what they made of Europeans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 That indigenous Americans lived in generally free societies, and that Europeans did not, was never really a matter of debate in these exchanges: both sides agreed this was the case. What they differed on was whether or not individual liberty was desirable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This is one area in which early missionary or travellers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 accounts of the Americas pose a genuine conceptual challenge to most readers today. Most of us simply take it for granted that \u8216\'91Western\u8217\'92 observers, even seventeenth-century ones, are simply an earlier version of ourselves; unlike indigenous Americans, who represent an essentially alien, perhaps even unknowable Other. But in fact, in many ways, the authors of these texts were nothing like us. When it came to questions of personal freedom, the equality of men and women, sexual mores or\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 p}{\f0\fs24\b0 opular sovereignty \endash  or even, for that matter, theories of depth psychology}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn18"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 8}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~\endash  indigenous American attitudes are likely to be far closer to the reader\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own than seventeenth-century European ones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 These differing views on individual liberty are especially striking. Nowadays, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s almost impossible for anyone living in a liberal democracy to say they are against freedom \endash  at least in the abstract (in practice, of course, our ideas are usually much more nuanced). This is one of the lasting legacies of the Enlightenment and of the American and French Revolutions. Personal freedom, we tend to believe, is inherently good (even if some of us also feel that a society based on total individual liberty \endash  one which took it so far as to eliminate police, prisons or any sort of apparatus of coercion \endash  would instantly collapse into violent chaos). Seventeenth-century Jesuits most certainly did\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~share this assumption. They tended to view individual liberty as animalistic. In 1642, the Jesuit missionary Le Jeune wrote of the Montagnais-Naskapi:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 They imagine that they ought by right of birth, to enjoy the liberty of wild ass colts, rendering no homage to any one whomsoever, except when they like. They have reproached me a hundred times because we fear our Captains, while they laugh at and make sport of theirs. All the authority of their chief is in his tongue\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s end; for he is powerful in so far as he is eloquent; and, even if he kills himself talking and haranguing, he will not be obeyed unless he pleases the Savages.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn19"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 9}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In the considered opinion of the Montagnais-Naskapi, however, the French were little better than slaves, living in constant terror of their superiors. Such criticism appears regularly in Jesuit accounts; what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s more, it comes not just from those who lived in nomadic bands, but equally from townsfolk like the Wendat. The missionaries, moreover, were willing to concede that this wasn\u8217\'92t all just rhetoric on the Americans\u8217\'92 part. Even Wendat statesmen couldn\u8217\'92t compel anyone to do anything they didn\u8217\'92t wish to do. As Father Lallemant, whose correspondence provided an initial model for\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Jesuit Relations}{\f0\fs24\b0 , noted of the Wendat in 1644:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I do not believe that there is any people on earth freer than they, and less able to allow the subjection of their wills to any power whatever \endash  so much so that Fathers here have no control over their children, or\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 C}{\f0\fs24\b0 aptains over their subjects, or the Laws of the country over any of them, except in so far as each is pleased to submit to them. There is no punishment which is inflicted on the guilty, and no criminal who is not sure that his life and property are in no danger\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://calibre-internal.invalid/OEBPS/xhtml/Grae_9780771049835_epub3_nts_r1.xhtml#c02-fn20"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 0}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Lallemant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s account gives a sense of just how politically challenging some of the material to be found in the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Jesuit Relations}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~must have been to European audiences of the time, and why so many found it fascinating. After expanding on how scandalous it was that even murderers should get off scot-free, the good father did admit that, when considered as a means of keeping the peace, the Wendat system of justice was not ineffective. Actually, it worked surprisingly well. Rather than punish culprits, the Wendat insisted the culprit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entire lineage or clan pay compensation. This made it everyone\u8217\'92s responsibility to keep their kindred under control. \u8216\'91It is not the guilty who suffer the penalty,\u8217\'92 Lallemant explains, but rather \u8216\'91the public that must make amends for the offences of individuals.\u8217\'92 If a Huron had killed an Algonquin or another Huron, the whole country assembled to agree the number of gifts due to the grieving relatives, \u8216\'91to stay the vengeance that they might take\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 uch as\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 wampum}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(a word applied to strings and belts of beads, manufactured from the shells of Long Island\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quahog clam) or other treasures, which largely existed for political purposes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Wealthy Wendat men hoarded such precious things largely to be able to give them away on dramatic occasions like these. Neither in the case of land and agricultural products, nor that of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 wampum}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and similar valuables, was there any way to transform access to material resources into power \endash  at least, not the kind of power that might allow one to make others work for you, or compel them to do anything they did not wish to do. At best, the accumulation and adroit distribution of riches might make a man more likely to aspire to political office (to become a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91chief\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91captain\u8217\'92 \endash  the French sources tend to use these terms in an indiscriminate fashion); but as the Jesuits all continually emphasized, merely holding political office did not give anyone the right to give anybody orders either. Or, to be completely accurate, an office holder could give all the orders he or she liked, but no one was under any particular obligation to follow them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Graeber and Wengrow observe of this conversation that what the Europeans seem to have sacrificed for the sake of their social structure was the ability to conceive that their culture could be different by design.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}