{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Complexity myths and the misappropriation of evolutionary theory }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Recently a creationist was up in here unironically linking a paper by Michael Lynch in support of the creationist model of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91genetic entropy\u8217\'92. Spoiler alert: Lynch\u8217\'92s paper does not, at all, support that position. But this got me into to the mood of Michael Lynch appreciation. Lynch doesn\u8217\'92t get much love in the debunking world. He doesn\u8217\'92t have a youtube channel, and he\u8217\'92s not prowling around the interwebs dunking on creationists (not that I know of). He doesn\u8217\'92t appear on any big podcasts (I wonder if he even gets invited). He is not a self-promoter. ChatGPT is more likely to mention Sean Carroll, a physicist, on a list of top living evolutionary biologists. Being a Serious Person, Lynch restricts himself to doing actual science and occasionally [clowning](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1110/ps.041171805"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/full/10.1110/ps.041171805}}{) on pseudoscience in The Literature. He has also generously provided free access to his recent textbook, [Evolutionary Cell Biology](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://biodesign.asu.edu/cellular-evolution/publications"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://biodesign.asu.edu/cellular-evolution/publications}}{/), check it out!\line \line Lynch has recently put out an article titled, [\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Complexity Myths and the Misappropriation of Evolutionary Theory\u8221\'94](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.pnas.org/doi/10.1073/pnas.2425772122"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.pnas.org/doi/10.1073/pnas.2425772122}}{). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fun about this one, is that it\u8217\'92s not directly about Creationism! It is somewhat related as the topic of complexity is a bit of bugbear for creationists. But creationists aren\u8217\'92t the only ones who are woefully ignorant of the field of evolutionary biology and what it has to say about the emergence of complexity. For whatever reason, academics of all stripes are averse to actually opening a population genetics textbook before attempting to revolutionize the field. I see it a lot in mathematicians and comp-sci folks. I think of Gregory Chaitin\u8217\'92s [Metabiology](https://www.amazon.com/Proving-Darwin-Making-Biology-Mathematical/dp/0375423141). Or Leslie Valiant\u8217\'92s [Evolvability](https://people.seas.harvard.edu/~valiant/evolvability-2008.pdf). People who somehow think they\u8217\'92re the first to apply mathematics to the issue of natural selection and emerging complexity.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The problems with these attempts, and the ones that draw the ire of Lynch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s paper (}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 the recent Sharma et al. [Assembly Theory](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-023-06600-9"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-023-06600-9}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ), and Wong et al [Evolutionary Law](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.pnas.org/doi/10.1073/pnas.2310223120"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.pnas.org/doi/10.1073/pnas.2310223120}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 )), is that these folks somehow avoid actually learning about biology. This results in some rather skewed ideas about what natural selection is, what it is capable of, or even what evolutionary theory actually entails. As a result, these people haven\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t yet been disabused of the notion that evolution is a goal-directed process. For them, complexity is a goal, even an inevitable outcome of natural selection acting upon variation. This just isn\u8217\'92t what we see when we look at biology. In the words of Lynch:}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 >[They] implicitly assume that a primary goal of natural selection is the production of increased complexity. This common view is an entirely anthropocentric construct, and there is no evidence that natural selection is in relentless pursuit of more complex molecules, cells, or organisms. Of course, today\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s organisms are more complex than prior to the Last Universal Common Ancestor (LUCA), but there was only one direction to go four-billion years ago at the first dawn of cells. Microbes have been around for this entire period, and yet have not expanded in complexity. Given their enormous population sizes and short generation times, there were clearly adequate opportunities for the emergence of genomic, molecular, and cellular complexity should it have been at a selective premium. Yet, the origin of morphologically complex cells leading to eukaryotes was a singular event, and the vast majority of the Tree of Life remains prokaryotic. There are roughly 10^30 prokaryotic individuals on Earth, three orders of magnitude more than unicellular eukaryotes, and ten orders of magnitude more than the total number of metazoan individuals, hardly an observation in support of a determined march toward complexity}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \line Another common failing is how often these folks liken DNA to a universal programming language, and evolution as some sort of random walk through software space, adapting into more and more complex forms. Again, this is disconnected from the reality of biology:}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 >Organisms are not simply glorified machines or computers, and added layers of complexity in living systems are not neutral in an absolute sense. More complex systems are easier to break and more energetically expensive to construct and maintain. Provided a simpler system can suffice to carry out a task, this will always be the premium when natural selection operates at maximum efficiency, which is quite different from a series of abiotic chemical reactions going down a path of least resistance. To sum up, all evidence suggests that expansions in genomic and molecular complexity, largely restricted to just a small number of lineages (one including us humans), are not responses to adaptive processes. Instead, the embellishments of cellular complexity that arise in certain lineages are unavoidable consequences of a reduction in the efficiency of selection in organisms experiencing high levels of random genetic drift.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For more on the emergence of complexity from a standard population genetics lens, I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d highly suggest checking out Lynch\u8217\'92s book linked above, especially Chapter 6. The rough outline, as alluded to above, is that mutational pathways which increase complexity, such as subfunctionalization, actually lowers fitness and *should* be purified by selection, however, it doesn\u8217\'92t get purged in cases where population sizes are small and genetic drift can dominate selection\u8217\'92s effects. So, there\u8217\'92s this nuanced view where complexity arises as a consequence of deleterious mutations escaping the watchful eye of natural selection. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {Lynch goes on to make the case for actually studying biology before trying to revolutionize it:}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>Living organisms are not equivalent to inanimate objects endowed with a special power for self-replication. The peculiar details of life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s structures and functions are legacies of historical contingencies, laid down prior to LUCA, which dictate all aspects of molecular assembly and breakdown. This is why biology is not simply chemistry or physics. Should they even exist, any assembly rules associated with living systems need not coincide with those in a test tube or in sediments or gases. Biosynthetic mechanisms are known to differ substantially among phylogenetic lineages, and they likely would be still different on an alternative lifeharboring planet.}
\par\plain {\line }
\par\plain {Now, skepticism of Lynch may be warranted here because he has skin in the game. He has his own ideas about how evolution works. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m reminded of that famous quote of Planck\u8217\'92s, \u8220\'93Science progresses one funeral at a time.\u8221\'94 So, is Lynch just a stodgy old coot who is trying to fence off his domain from would-be usurpers? He is careful to address this view:}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>Some readers, probably including the authors of the above mentioned papers, will argue that there is excessive hubris in the preceding paragraphs, and that there should be room at the table for alternative views. The latter point is certainly true and to be encouraged\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is how science proceeds. But science marches backward when the participants are unwilling to consider preexisting information, and a certain level of push-back is warranted when such behavior is combined with excessive self-promotion.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I personally don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92s saying anything unreasonable. I\u8217\'92m sure its frustrating for him to see so many people dismissing his entire field without ever becoming familiar with it. So many of these would-be revolutionaries just end up reiniventing the population genetics wheel. I\u8217\'92ve heard comp-sci peeps preach about their great idea of modeling a population fitness landscape, invoking terms like hill-climbing as if they\u8217\'92ve never been seen.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I suspect the reason why evolution is a strong magnet for crankery is because a lot of folks have a deep-rooted distaste for the idea that we are somewhat of an accident. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got to be a purpose to our being, and if it doesn\u8217\'92t come from an act of special creation, then the process which birthed us must have a fundamental drive towards increasing complexity which shows that we are still inevitable. This would give us more certainty about the world and our place in it at the apex of all things. It gives us some kind of birthright, a justification for everything that we want to do to Nature. A more prosaic explanation for all the crankery is simply that evolutionary biology is a very wide and deep field, and people inevitably seek the path of least resistance in cutting right through it, much to their own detriment. Because everybody wants to be The Guy, the next Darwin, Newton, Einstein.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}