{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fierce nominalism would explain the existence of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91universals\u8217\'92 by appealing to the concept of utility or usefulness. It is \u8216\'91useful\u8217\'92 to call two creatures \u8216\'91cats\u8217\'92. It is useful to call two different humans \u8216\'91americans\u8217\'92. \u8220\'93American\u8217\'92 is farily obviously an arbtrary construction - but not so with \u8216\'91cat\u8217\'92. But it is non the less true - if you did not have a useful reason to call two different creatures \u8216\'91cat\u8217\'92, you would not do so. But what is that \u8216\'91useful\u8217\'92 reason? Can we not say that it is useful because it more accurately reflects some universal. No. Because useful is subjective. But there is no way to prove this. It could be that one person\u8217\'92s utility is approximting reality. Especially when we approach scientific terms.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Nominalist say that the models and systems that we use to understand the world (which includes but is not limited to the 'external' world) are, in a sense, arbitrary. And a model presents itself as useful because it allows us to make mostly successful predictions about the world around us, and our other knowledge and (to quote WVO Quine) web of beliefs can integrate these models without a whole lot of revision. So Nominalist aren't encumbered with the metaphysical problems that a belief in 'Truth' or 'Number' as real and existing entities creates.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain }