{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Sand is webbed by a network of byways that are hardly there at all. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not well traveled, and most are so windswept that footprints get filled back up with sand as soon as they\u8217\'92ve been made. These roads are only distinguished from the desert landscape by a series of five-ton waystones that stick up three meters out of the ground. If those gleaming white beams of rock weren\u8217\'92t there every league or so, you\u8217\'92d never know that under your feet was an ancient Jandrian route. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pilgrims call them Charnel Roads because unlike the highways which keep to the river banks or hop between oases, these roads cut through the vast shadeless expanse of the Sand, leaving travelers exposed to the deadly sun, wind, and the glare of the desert. The longer the road the deadlier it all is, though that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a rule of thumb because the worst Charnel Road, the Bazul Road, is one of the shortest. It sits just north of Uncharted Portion where an ancient mountain range once stood. An eon of blasting sand had reduced those mountains to a rolling line of graveled hills, flat enough for the Bazul Road to snake up and down them, flat enough for old pilgrims to make the journey to the greater shrine of Bazul. It only takes a full day to make the road if you start at the nearest Imperial outpost at Shahiz, but its such a difficult hike, and Pilgrims sweat so much from the effort that the heat on top of it is unbearable. And it\u8217\'92s a saturating heat, too, because the chalky gravel underfoot is white as bone, meaning it throws the sunlight right back up into the face. You get baked from below as much as from above. You can\u8217\'92t even hide in your own shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab There is only one little bit of shade on route: a little wood-frame waystation at a saddlepoint. The monks of Bazul keep it stocked with a cache of water buried in jugs. Some pilgrims sleep there in the day and make the road at night, skipping the sun altogether, but Solitant pilgrims don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t use it. They don\u8217\'92t trivialize the journey. They set out for the shrine in the morning and trudge through the brunt of it at midday. They do it, they say, because if Bazul did not intend for them to suffer, he would have set his earthly dwelling down on some oated knoll at the mouth of a Jeketian inlet. No, Bazul\u8217\'92s road was there in the Sand because Bazul put it there, and to skip this test of faith against flesh is to have no faith at all. This is the first lesson the road teaches the Solitant: the greatest temptation one must fight is the temptation to not try at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Once a pilgrim actually gets on the road the temptations start to give way to the struggle. There are still a few urges to deal with, a few spiritual lessons learn. For example, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s urge to stop and sit, to rest. Anywhere else in the world it would be a fine thing to do, but sitting down on a Charnel Road without shade is a mistake because the sun still bakes you even if you\u8217\'92re not moving. It will bake you tomorrow, too, so don\u8217\'92t saddle tomorrow\u8217\'92s self with today\u8217\'92s journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Solitants savor this particular ordeal because it highlights two important lessons: doom finds you much quicker than death, and doing nothing is the same as doing the wrong thing. Nowhere else in the world are these principles so clear. Out on a Charnel Road, a man, sitting down, with no aches or pains and a full waterskin, is still moving towards the point of no return. This is the the inescapable consequence of Time: inaction is action itself, and for the Solitant, it is a refusal of the Divine gift of Will. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It is important to note that the Solitant word for doomed is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Shiskason\u8217\'92, and it doesn\u8217\'92t mean \u8216\'91doomed\u8217\'92 exactly. Unlike \u8216\'91doomed\u8217\'92 it carries an air of blame, not fate. It reads roughly like, \u8216\'91thing-that-you-did-not-prevent\u8217\'92. This gets to the heart of the Solitant religion: all creatures are naturally immortal, but every creature dies because every uncouth mistake ages the soul, every missed opportunity for righteousness draws another line in the face. If only people made the right decisions at every step they would live forever, but we\u8217\'92re all too ignorant, too dumb, and too lazy, so the weight of our failures literally kill us. Here, a pilgrim becomes a Shiska for no other reason than he stopped and he sat and he did not walk the road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab  This cosmology is woven into the Solitant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s yellow haircloth habit. The constant itch is a constant reminder to never waste time. It keeps one alert and attentive to even the smallest opportunity to exercise Will. Of course, this creates another temptation pilgrims must fight on the Charnel Roads: the temptation to cast the scratchy habit aside. Not only does it itch, but the heat gets underneath it. The urge to take it off, to get the heat out and let the sweaty skin breathe is ever present. It\u8217\'92s here that the body starts to bargain with the mind, \u8220\'93Just take it off for a little while,\u8221\'94 it pleads. \u8220\'93No one is watching. No one would know.\u8221\'94 Pilgrims don\u8217\'92t ever do it, though. It\u8217\'92s a familiar temptation. Not only would they be casting aside their symbol of devotion, they\u8217\'92d actually be making it easer for the sun to sap their bodies of moisture and energy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Its not the temptations, its the physical struggle that does most pilgrims in. On the Bazul road a twisted ankle or a tweaked knee is all but inevitable. Man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s upright gait just isn\u8217\'92t designed for a sustained trudge uphill through loosely packed gravel. No pilgrim has ever made the journey without stumbling a time or two, and when they fall their hands and feet get cut because the gravel isn\u8217\'92t smooth like riverstone, it\u8217\'92s been chipped unevenly by the wind and the sand. It\u8217\'92s got points and edges, some as sharp as blades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Solitant monks are used to fighting through physical pain, but nonetheless, it slows them down and gives the sun time to work delirium into them. At that point if they make a mistake with water, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re dead, and it\u8217\'92s an easy mistake to make for any Solitants that come from across the northern sea. They don\u8217\'92t know what the sun can do to a body with just a few hours. When these foreigners come to the Bazul Road, all they hear is that its only a days journey. One day\u8217\'92s journey. Only twenty leagues. Sure, they hear stories about the deaths, but they shrug them off because such stories are never accurate. Carnage is always embellished. Three water-skins should be enough. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to get experience traveling in the Sand, because getting experience means you\u8217\'92ve got to survive your mistakes. The first time a person pricks her water-skin on the half-buried thorn of a karkel-bush seed pod is the last time. There\u8217\'92s just no room for error, and dying in the Sand isn\u8217\'92t a pleasant way to go. If the heat takes you quick its not so bad, but if it doesn\u8217\'92t, if you\u8217\'92ve rationed water well enough to die slowly, then your mouth dries out and your tongue swells up and your eyes lose their moisture and start to scratch. Then a thumping nausea works its way out from your head and into your stomach and then into your marrow\u8217\'92s jelly. It\u8217\'92s no coincidence that almost every corpse found on a Charnel Road is found curled up like fetus against the agony, though not many corpses are found because a pack of lizards can eat a full adult male in a just few hands, and when you\u8217\'92re dying of thirst, weak as a babe, you might still be alive when they do it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe Pyetle is in a trance-like state. Coming out of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Transition to Pyetle waking up to being dragged along in a makeshift sled on a charnel road?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Convo with Mandrameen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a smaller skinny dude who is dumb as fuck. Mazyd.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Absolute huge-ass brute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah is like, nope don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t talk about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I got to know\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Between you and Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had visions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We all did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does everyone see the same thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t think so. But it\u8217\'92s not something we talk about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The one thing that\u8217\'92s the same is that everyone feels differet. You get urges to do things you wouldn\u8217\'92t normally do. Maybe its confidence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked behind them, and say that Mazyd was struggling along. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Mazyd?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Seilsi?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, Urghiz is a long way off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s in pretty bad shape. You think he\u8217\'92s going to make it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit, I don\u8217\'92t know if you gonna to make it.\u8221\'94 Moteah looked Pyetle up and down, clearly unimpressed with his fitness. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know how bad it is out there. It\u8217\'92s not just the heat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been on caravans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We ain\u8217\'92t keep to the roads.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well if you\u8217\'92re concerned about me, then how is he gonna make it?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, nodding in Mazyd\u8217\'92s direction. Moteah stopped him, and looked in his eyes with intent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pye, I\u8217\'92m tryin to get you worryin about yourself. Ya need to be. Let us worry bout him. For you, for now, it needs to be one step at a time. It needs to be that way for a while. Shits about to get real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked back again at Mazyd and wondered if the beaten man could hear their conversation. Mazyd was far enough down the face of the dune that if he were just another human, it would be impossible, but he was a Seilsi, and there was no telling what he was capable of. There were rumors that Seilsi had strange biologies, but these rumors always conflicted, so Pyetle never gave them credence. One day a man would claim he saw a Seilsi jump over a crowd just because he could, while another would say he saw a Seilsi struggle to get up into a saddle. Some said they could see through walls, others said they were nearly blind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a lot unusual about Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s appearance - the hairlessness, the androgyny - but there was nothing that suggested unnatural ability. There were the strange tattoos, and perhaps they were working some magic into his veins, but Pytele doubted it. Mazyd just looked too helpless. No one infused with a magical force would drag their feet in the sand. No one who could see through walls could be ambushed and captured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mayzd stumbled as he trudged up dune. His left leg buckled, and the weight of him As he fell he did enough to keep the bandages out of the sand, but his hip hit a rock and he . The two guys minding him moaned and cursed and yelled at him to get back up. Moteah looked on in disgust. She despised Mazyd. They all did, save Pyetle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could help with the Seilsi,\u8221\'94 Pyetle suggested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pye, what did I just say. Worry about yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am worrying about myself. I\u8217\'92m thinking about how I fit in. It seems like none of you want to deal with the Seilsi - well that\u8217\'92s something I could do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ask Pella about it.\u8221\'94 She turned back to the course and trudged along. \u8220\'93Come on, we almost there.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you mind if I sit with you?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen asked. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to ask you some questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Of course.\u8221\'94 Pyetle replied. Mandrameen was smiling and so he smiled back. thought how strange it was that despite his great depression, his sociability bubbled up nonetheless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Normally we\u8217\'92re a friendlier bunch, but recent events have been stressful,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh it\u8217\'92s no worry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hear things are all very fresh for you as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fresh?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fresh memories,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen clarified. \u8220\'93I like to get at them while they\u8217\'92re fresh.\u8221\'94 Mandrameen reached into his leather pack and pulled out a folded ream of paper. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked on in confusion. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d hardly expected to see a lad with so much paper here amongst the Ayramun. But the boy did have a scholarly look about him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen unfolded a page and tried to iron out the crease with the palm of his hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Memories are worst when they\u8217\'92re fresh,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re more complete, sure, and that\u8217\'92s why I want to get you aside right now, but they\u8217\'92ve got none of the weight or the clarity of a long-treasured tale. Still, I want to get it fresh because, you know. So let\u8217\'92s just focus on the details, we\u8217\'92ll leave the flavor for when you\u8217\'92ve had time to stew.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I don\u8217\'92t know what you\u8217\'92re getting at. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to know how Ayram found you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked at Mandrameen through squinted eyes. He had no idea what the young man was on about. Mandri pulled out a scrap of paper and bit charcoal from his bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, pyetle. Family name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle Andramawmun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jandrian? I guess I can see it. Father Jandrian, Mother from -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mother\u8217\'92s family from Carcina.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From the Capitol? Interesting. How did she get - well that\u8217\'92s for later. Right now its the fresh memories I want. How are you feeling right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m warming up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean mentally, what\u8217\'92s your mood. Where are you at right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My mood? I don\u8217\'92t know. Confused.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Confused, yes. Yes, that\u8217\'92s it. So how did Ayram find you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram? Well\u8230\'85 I wouldn\u8217\'92t say he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 found }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 me. It was all just a kind of coincidence.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t a coincidence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was looking for someone else and I just happened to be there, so-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no such thing as coincidence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle chuckled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, the Seilsi told me just the same not too long ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did he? He\u8217\'92s right. With Ayram, at least, there\u8217\'92s no such thing as coincidence. So tell me how it happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d rather not. It\u8217\'92s not my brightest moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t expect it would be. Ayram found me in a gully. I was half-dead. I was trying to kill myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? How were you p \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone stops. Half splitting off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like stopping but ok.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd needs to stop. Pyetle too - put bandage on feet to prevent blisters.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you\u8217\'92ve got to get thinking about it. When you don\u8217\'92t have the time to work hard, you\u8217\'92ve got to work smart. So let\u8217\'92s get you thinking about it. First, you got to define your goal. What is your goal in a fight with blades?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah! Good! That\u8217\'92s right! Usually folk say its to kill your opponent, but that excludes a perfectly viable strategy in any fight: running away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right! You should always run away, if you can. I\u8217\'92m not just saying that because you\u8217\'92re inexperienced. If you pulled a blade on me, I\u8217\'92d run away. If it came to blows I\u8217\'92d kill you a hundred times out of a hundred, if it came to it, but I\u8217\'92d still prefer run away.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because swords are sharp, Pyetle. You ever been cut? I mean }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 really}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  cut. Doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take much for a blade like that to find the bone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you said that -\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I said a hundred times out of a hundred. But a thousand times? A hundred thousand? You\u8217\'92d get lucky in a few of those. The point is that there\u8217\'92s always risk and it\u8217\'92s never worth taking if you can just, simply, run away. I\u8217\'92ve seen men as skilled as the caliphants of legend get stabbed in the belly by raw recruits. It just happens sometimes. Especially when you\u8217\'92re getting long in the tooth. You understand, eh? Can\u8217\'92t get away with things you used to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe me, I don\u8217\'92t need lessons in running away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo chuckled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Sure. So, in the event you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 run away, the goal becomes clearer than simply surviving.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill you before you kill me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could settle for incapacitate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Suppose I could.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A lot of killing blows don\u8217\'92t kill quickly. There\u8217\'92s a few reliable spots. The heart,\u8221\'94 He pounded his chest. \u8220\'93And the head.\u8221\'94 He tapped his skull. \u8220\'93Of course you\u8217\'92ve got to consider armor in all this. It\u8217\'92s why Imperial Socars wear breastplates and helmets and not much else. Commissars will say that the reason they don\u8217\'92t outfit the troops with more protection is because there\u8217\'92s not enough iron to go around, but really it\u8217\'92s just because the Empire can afford one to one trades. When a Socar\u8217\'92s life gets cut down to minutes, he\u8217\'92s taught to spend them with reckless abandon, to do whatever he can to make sure the enemy whose blade is stuck in his belly goes down with him. You might not believe it, but they\u8217\'92ve got a whole discipline that teaches them how, if you get struck down this way or that, sword or spear, what\u8217\'92s the best thing to do to get \u8216\'91em back.\u8221\'94 The Empire can afford to think like that. They can afford one-for-one trades.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Jandrians are mostly known for slings and arrows. .\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, they can afford twenty-for-one trades. That, and they\u8217\'92ve got these things called shields\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anyways, the point is, if the goal is to incapacitate\u8230\'85. Well if we had more time we\u8217\'92d get into taking what they give you. Every style and stance is presenting something as a target. But for now let\u8217\'92s just say our target is the sword arm. Generally speaking, its the closest part of the enemy to your blade, and if struck, the threat is nullified. There\u8217\'92s three parts: shoulder, arm, and hand.\u8221\'94 He tapped each part as he was wont to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hand is simple. It\u8217\'92s basically just a bundle tendon, muscle, and bone. If it gets cut anywhere, prettymuch, then the hand goes to shit. If I can\u8217\'92t grip my sword, you win.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle nodded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hard part about the hand, is that its a small target that moves quickly. The shoulder however, is tied to the body\u8217\'92s core, and moves slowly. If I hack your shoulder here,\u8221\'94 He patted the meat of Pyetle shoulder, \u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t drop your sword, but you won\u8217\'92t be able to raise it. You\u8217\'92ll still be able to stab with it, but swinging is out of the question. So remember that. Hit the shoulder and he can still stab. Of course, if you get lucky and sever the nerve here, then the whole arm goes to shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d be lucky just to land a blow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, sure. I know this is a lot to take in, but these things need to be rolling around in your brain. When the time comes, you\u8217\'92ll see, the mind has a way of digging these things up. Just remember the key things at least: Sword arm,\u8221\'94 he patted his own right arm. \u8220\'93Fast but near,\u8221\'94 he held up his hand. \u8220\'93Slow but far.\u8221\'94 He held the shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, before we get into the technical side of attacking these points, we\u8217\'92ve got to touch a bit on the art of swordplay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never thought there was anything artful about killing. Brutal business.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I say art, I mean a way of thinking about solving problems. It\u8217\'92s something all the arts share. They all take one fundamental thing, like in music its a single note, in painting its a single brushstroke - they take this one thing, and they put a bunch of them together to form a more complex whole. In swordplay it\u8217\'92s no different. I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92ve heard it\u8217\'92s like dance because it is like dance - it\u8217\'92s using the same fundamental stuff to compose its many forms: and that\u8217\'92s the human body. When it comes down to it, swordplay, and fighting in general, well of course they\u8217\'92re artforms. They\u8217\'92re a genres of dance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t need to. You just need to be thinking about it like this - and I\u8217\'92ll use music as an example because it\u8217\'92s familiar to everyone - music has certain aspects to it which the musician needs to be aware of if he wants to be a competent musician. There is melody, harmony rhythm, texture, how loud or soft it is. Every single note is affect all of this aspects of the song simultaneously. That\u8217\'92s the important thing. If you want to compose a song, you need to be thinking about how the next not you place is going to affect not just the melody, but also the harmony, the rhythm, the texture, the loudness, and more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Again, it\u8217\'92s the same with all art forms. You paint a painting, with every single brushstroke, you\u8217\'92re making a statement about color, about edge, about value, and more. So if you\u8217\'92re a painter you need to be aware of those aspects. Every single brushtroke you make affects everything simultaneously.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what\u8217\'92s the fundamental stuff in swordplay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Its the human body. Well, the body and the sword as one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, what are the, uh , If music has harmony and melody and whatnot -\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Yes. what are the component parts of a duel? It\u8217\'92s these: distance, timing, balance, risk, sequence, and most importantly, the opposition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Every movement you make affects all of these things simultaneously. I take a step towards you, and I am changing the distance. I am playing with risk. I have changed my center of balance. I am setting up a sequence, because with this step, whatever actions come next must flow from it, and then most importantly, of course, is what you, the opposition, does in turn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t possibly be thinking about all these things. Not in the middle of a duel. There\u8217\'92s no time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These and more. Really theres no end to the aspects of any art, because after all, it\u8217\'92s all made up. Just stick with the basics, drill them, and you\u8217\'92ll be competent enough to hold your own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t you just show me a few moves?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s an art, Pyetle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An art? I\u8217\'92m not trying to express myself here. My aim is to survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. But \u8216\'91a few moves\u8217\'92 aren\u8217\'92t going to keep you alive. You need to be able to react to whatever is going on. To do that you need to be able to solve novel problems. Creativity, Pyetle. Creativity is what will keep you alive. To be creative, you need to be thinking critically about what it is you\u8217\'92re doing. That\u8217\'92s what art is, that is what fighting is; creative problem solving. You need to be thinking this way and so we\u8217\'92ll practice it. Now stand up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 , you\u8217\'92ve won if you can bring your blade to a narrower angle than the opponent. Because that means you\u8217\'92ve got a quicker path to the belly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just stand here , sword to sword. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pytele copies the pose}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So here, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re even. Now if I pull my sword to swing, you\u8217\'92re winning. One step and stab and I\u8217\'92m dead. If I take a step back, and out of your range, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter. This is the first beginner lesson: you start the swing out of range, finish it in range. If you\u8217\'92re going to give the opponent the angle advantage, then stay out of range. Like so}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright, back to the the start. One way of gaining advantage might be to simply knock the opponents sword, like so:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My sword\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s on the line, yours isn\u8217\'92t, so I\u8217\'92ve won. But theres an easy counter, I\u8217\'92m sure you can think of it. Yes, you can simply move the sword out of the way, but you\u8217\'92re moving the sword off the line. You\u8217\'92re giving it up without me hitting it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A practiced swordsman will know all the moves, all the tricks and traps. So if you run into one, your best bet is to simply maintain a safe distance. You should run, if the mood calls for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do I know if my opponent is skilled?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll know in an instant whether or not your opponent knows about the line, about distance. The number of men I\u8217\'92ve killed with their sword out to the side like this, mid swing, its absurd. It\u8217\'92s like they\u8217\'92ve got this thought that if they start their swing first, that means I\u8217\'92ve got to parry it. It doesn\u8217\'92t enter their minds that I could just take a step forward, close the distance myself, and then stab them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But if enemy know about distance, about the line, you should probably run. Everyone else, the mere fact that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re considering it means your much more likely to win. And this is the thing about fighting - about everything really - it\u8217\'92s more about knowledge and experience than your god-given physical tools. I\u8217\'92m one of the smallest in the Ayramun, but no one here would fight me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strength, agility, these only come into play in bouts of similar skill.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 About half the crew setting off in different direction. All the Ferzans + some others. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They aren\u8217\'92t coming. There\u8217\'92s too many Kackle trees over there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong with Kackle trees?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re shade-givers. They\u8217\'92re afraid them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ferzans are afraid of shade?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They love shade. It\u8217\'92s the trees they\u8217\'92re afraid of. They think the trees spread out like that and give so much shade to lure desperate creatures in. They think the trees release a poison into the air that kills whatever\u8217\'92s sitting under it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do they? I\u8217\'92ve sat under Kackle trees all my life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, they don\u8217\'92t. I can\u8217\'92t prove it, but, they don\u8217\'92t. But most Ferzans think the trees are trying to kill them. They think the roots feast on the bones once they\u8217\'92ve sunk into the earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That can\u8217\'92t be right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s part of their whole mythology. I\u8217\'92m not too sure to be honest. Hard to get it out of them. But they won\u8217\'92t go near Kackle trees.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t make sense. Trees aren\u8217\'92t even living things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course they are. They move. Living things are things that move. They don\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 move}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  move, but they grow. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a kind of movement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Movement isn\u8217\'92t what makes a thing alive. Rocks move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not talking about falling, or rolling down hill. Trees move on their own. They\u8217\'92re trying to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  things. Shows they have souls.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not talking about falling either. Have you ever been to the Sassa salt plain? The ground there is flat as can be for miles. There\u8217\'92s no rain. Dry as can be. No? Well I\u8217\'92ve walked across it, right across the middle of it. There\u8217\'92s rocks there, some small, some about a meter long, and sure, when you walk by them they\u8217\'92re still as can be, but they\u8217\'92ve got trails running behind them through the salt. They\u8217\'92re moving. Slowly, imperceptibly, maybe decades to move an inch, but they\u8217\'92re moving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not lying. Rocks move. You haven\u8217\'92t heard of Sassa?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well it\u8217\'92s there. The Sassa salt plain. About forty leagues west of Chunran. You should go and see it before you get all assured in your narrow definition of Life. I\u8217\'92m telling you, listen to an old man, it\u8217\'92s not as simple as movement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s children. Living things have children. If a thing has a child, then it\u8217\'92s alive. If it doesn\u8217\'92t, it\u8217\'92s not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t make sense. You said that trees aren\u8217\'92t alive, but trees have children.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure about that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, no, but\u8230\'85 well it seems to me that trees, plants, they just make copies of themselves. It\u8217\'92s a static kind of thing. There\u8217\'92s no }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 life}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That just seems absurd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know. I don\u8217\'92t really think about this kind of stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m telling you, it\u8217\'92s the children. Sex is part of it. If the things have sex, they\u8217\'92re alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not the sex, it\u8217\'92s the killing,\u8221\'94 Mazyd interjected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They look at Mazyd like, wtf bro.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you call it life,\u8221\'94 Mazyd continued, \u8220\'93it\u8217\'92s gotta be killing something, doesn\u8217\'92t it? Anything can die. You can crush a rock with a hammer and you can crush a bug with your thumb, yet we say the rock is a thing and the bug is a life. Why? Because the bug kills other bugs. That\u8217\'92s how you know they\u8217\'92re alive. That the cost of maintaining a soul - it\u8217\'92s the killing and then the eating.\u8221\'94 That last word rolled through Mazyd\u8217\'92s beard like a saw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hadn\u8217\'92t thought about that aspect of it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Makes sense from a Ferzan point of view. Trees are alive, so they\u8217\'92ve got to be killing something, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said, \u8220\'93Maybe all trees are killing us, slowly. Maybe that\u8217\'92s why we age. They\u8217\'92re releasing invisible poison into the air and we\u8217\'92re breathing it, right now we\u8217\'92re breathing it, and its making us age. We age, we die, we\u8217\'92re buried in the earth, and that\u8217\'92s when they feast on our bones. Maybe if it weren\u8217\'92t for trees we would be immortal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean, \u8216\'91we\u8217\'92. You\u8217\'92re not human. You know, I know what you\u8217\'92re doing. I don\u8217\'92t like you. I\u8217\'92m not a barbarian so I\u8217\'92m not going to rough you up for the sake of it, but if I was, I would. So don\u8217\'92t talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe he\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93There are stories of desert hermits, holy folk, living for hundreds of years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo scrunched up his cheeks and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is not true.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You seem certain,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said. \u8220\'93But how can you be sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo looked at Mazyd with a fire. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 just}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  say?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said not to talk,\u8221\'94 Mazyd answered, \u8220\'93but you also said you wouldn\u8217\'92t rough me up. You neutered your command as soon as you gave it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  me to hit you?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Bullo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s diminutive form.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd looked at him and said, simply, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you understand that I have to hit you now, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll do what you want. But there\u8217\'92d be no point. We Seilsi do not feel pain if we don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So if I were to break your ribs, you wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to feel it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d feel it. Though it wouldn\u8217\'92t be painful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well now I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 have}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to punch you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Bullo, eager to test it out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo punches him the side. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Little effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seilsi don\u8217\'92t lie,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on. I didn\u8217\'92t hear a crack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo punches again. Clear, loud crack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead of doubling over in pain. Sharp exhale, seemed to knock the wind out of him, but little else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo is like, wtf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m curious to see what you\u8217\'92ll do next, Seargent,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said. \u8220\'93Seems the long years of thinking with your fists has cowed you. All you need to do is promise me some small pleasure in exchange for cooperation. Incentivize good behavior. Did the comissars not teach you this when you came up the ranks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pleasure? I\u8217\'92m not}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 giving}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 you anything.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there anything you want me to give you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want you to shut up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sargent -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t fucking call me sargent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sargent Bullo, bigger things than your peace of mind are stake. I know all the strategies, logistics, and capabilities of the Imperial machine. Don\u8217\'92t you want that information from me? Doesn\u8217\'92t Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll tell me how you plan to find the Jandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing is off the table.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what, I give you freedom, and you tell Ayram everything he wants to know? Actually that brings something to mind - why aren\u8217\'92t you having this conversation with Ayram? I\u8217\'92m just a foot soldier. I can\u8217\'92t give you anything even if you wanted it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The reason I\u8217\'92m having this conversation with you, not Ayram, is because there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  something you can give me.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your protection.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Protection from anything or anyone that tries to kill me out here. For now, that means protection from the rest of the Ayramun. I know you\u8217\'92re not a barbarian, but the lot of them are. In fact I\u8217\'92ve heard how they plan to murder me before we reach Jughgar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who threatened you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, they didn\u8217\'92t know I was listening. I am not human. I can hear better than -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Mandri interjected. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure they were just\u8230\'85 expressing themselves. Ayram has said what he wants to do with you. He won\u8217\'92t allow them to kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think they intend to get your leaders permission,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said. \u8220\'93In fact, one of them said, 'I hate the bastard more than I fear Ayram\u8217\'92. That sentiment seemed to steel their nerves together. By all appearances, they intend to go through with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They said the feared Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd description. Huge and grand in the eyes despite the pitiful body. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sargent, you know that one  of the many reasons why we Seilsi do not lie is because it helps us treat with our enemies. We can get somewhere in negotiations if they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0   we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re telling the truth. I\u8217\'92m not saying you have to trust me. I won\u8217\'92t insult your intelligence. But you can trust what we}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  say }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  as sure as you can trust the sand in the Hollow to blow east.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo tenses up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well if an Ayramun is plotting against Ayram, then that\u8217\'92s something I would want to know. It\u8217\'92s not Mandri here, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do we have an agreement?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If an Ayramun wants to kill you, there\u8217\'92s not much I\u8217\'92m going to be able to do about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If these were men were like you, Sargent, men of resolve, then I would agree. But these are men of opportunity. Simple countermeasures should suffice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We Ayramun lack many things, but one thing we\u8217\'92ve got buckets of is conviction. Really, that\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not so sure about that. Irregardless, you are my best option for protecting myself. I can\u8217\'92t exactly ask them for forgiveness for whatever they think I\u8217\'92ve done to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 think}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve done to them? You don\u8217\'92t have any idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You feel no guilt?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Virtue without terror is impotent, Sargent. Do you not agree?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Expected equivication, shifting of blame. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think I\u8217\'92m out here? Sick dicks like you running things in the empire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t expect you to like me, Sargent. I do expect you\u8217\'92ll fill your end of the bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll talk to Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep our agreement between us. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I keep nothing from Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would feel better about our relationship if you didn\u8217\'92t - and that\u8217\'92s ultimately your goal here, no? The game within the game. It\u8217\'92s not about getting what you want from me, it\u8217\'92s about developing a working relationship, because only then you\u8217\'92ll get what you want from me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Pyetle?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I trust Pyetle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo gives odd look, but then, like whatever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well Pyetle, go run off and help someone do something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to go and do anything. Mandri led Pyetle up to the front of the column, where Ayram walked. Ayram carring Pella on his back like swaddling babe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle followed along behind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sun setting. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Far away, the minting rock.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Life? Everything is alive, because everything is connected. Everything is the same thing. Think about it. Just because you can think about something as being by itself, in a void, dosn\u8217\'92t mean you should. We\u8217\'92re here, sitting here, but we\u8217\'92re together, we\u8217\'92re sitting on the ground. We require this food, this earth, and earth requires us. Look at what we\u8217\'92ve done to it. It\u8217\'92s all the same thing. Nothing exist in a void. It all exists together. Thinking any other way, and your just playing with yourself. Like the barber who shaves all men who do not shave themselves. Does he shave himself? Pointless to think about. It\u8217\'92s just a word game.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}