{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next morning Mandri stole himself away when he was sure no one would notice. He ducked behind a bush, tore off one of its thorns, and used it as a needle to poke a hole in the tip of his God Eye burgeon. He dabbed one meager droplet of its juice onto his tongue. He wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sip more than that because the idea here was to escape himself and liven up the day\u8217\'92s journey, not end up catatonic. He hoped he timed it correctly; the morning sun was bobbing up above the horizon, and it would be grand if the burgeon\u8217\'92s dissociative effects kicked in around mid-morning, right when the heat would start to get under his robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He plugged the tiny hole he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made in the burgeon with the thorn, and he stuffed the blessed fruit into his robe to save for later. He figured that if he rationed it carefully he could stretch the juice across the coming week. Then, when it was dry, he would roll the rest of it flat and from there he\u8217\'92d experiment to discover the best method of ingestion. Then he would steal another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rejoined the march, avoiding idle conversation. He was intent on documenting the peculiarities of the God Eye sight as it came. This vast expanse was a much fairer place to be doing this kind of thing. There would be so much more to see, and much better light to see it by. The sun-bright world was always bright and colorful. There were no black splotches to fall into as every shadow was suffused with a rich indigo blue, courtesy of the open sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He shuffled along in eager anticipation, but a whole hand passed without event. He began to wonder if he needed to double the dose, but he knew it wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t end well for him if he took too much. If he went catatonic, Seb would guess why. She would search his robes, and she\u8217\'92d find the burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sun bore down on him. The entire world was intent on wringing him dry. The cracked clay under his feet grew a few shades whiter with every step, reflecting the sun a few shades nearer unbearable. His face hardened into that familiar squint that every Outland poke wore. It pained him to look in any direction but down. This limitation added some difficulty to his quest of cataloging the effects of the burgeon, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to worry about this for long, because a few steps later the sun fell out of the sky and the whole world exploded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He blinked in shock. This triggered another flash of light; a purer, shimmering light which flooded his sight from the periphery. He gasped and shut his eyes tight against this burning scour, but even with eyes closed, his vision boiled with a whiteness which churned and split into an iridescent whorl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he opened his eyes again, the world was not the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sand all around was rooted through with white rainbow filaments, like grass. They covered the rocks, carpeted the landscape into the horizon. Every surface was tufted with these flighty fibers, mostly finger-length, but some of grew up into to the sky, as tall as trees, thin strands bending long in the soaring wind, wiggling like tentacles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a vision beyond any he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever dreamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And there was Ayram, marching through it. His loping legs were brushing through this sea of iridescent threads, and they in turn yearned to touch him, only to be stretched and split. But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t only the world which wore these threads of purpose; Ayram\u8217\'92s giant pack bristled with rigid white fibrous spines which undulated with his every breath. And behold, behind this bristling shell, Ayram\u8217\'92s Spark was shimmering inside his stomach. It was a formless gray light, with edges glittering white, shifting into red, green, and blue. Thicker, more liquid lines, the width of Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist, stretched out of this Spark and traced a route towards Moto, Elrahet, Moteah, and Seb. Their Sparks were all connected together in a kind of glimmering net, with the varying thickness from one-to-one measuring their affections.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The thinner threads were attached to them as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s were not as stiff. His threads looked more like a web, for they stretched out towards everything, sticking to everything, his sister, mostly, but they also knotted up with the sand, the rocks, even sparkles in the sky. So enmeshed was he in the world, that every time he lifted his foot, hungry threads stretched up from the ground and latched onto the sole of his boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was lifeless in comparison. What few magic threads she wore hung limply down against her, looking like spotty locks of mangy fur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was much cleaner. Most of her threads wrapped back around her figure and stuck to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin. There he stared astonished, for he was not at all like the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Outlining his skin was a thin sheaf of vibrant air, saturated red, an otherworldly light. His skin itself was dark and washed with gold. If this were all, he might think himself a demon, but His veins were lines of glittering glory, each breath suffused his lungs with light, the many tendrils beside his bones pulsed magic right through him, down to his fingers and toes. He might have marked himself to be a god if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for the sight his stomach\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a black void weighing down transcendence. Its wrinkled shape was clutched by a hand whose threads of purpose lead back, of course, to Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was struck by an overwhelming urge to paint the scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lamented the lack of materials. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If he had a stick of charcoal and a sheet of paper, he could start sketching right then and there. He knew that if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sketch this vision now, as he saw it, necessary details would be forgotten. One night\u8217\'92s sleep they\u8217\'92d be lost forever. That was terrifying, because this scene }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 needed }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 to be recorded. Recorded by him, for his sight was the spindle which joined all these threads together, so only his hand could give them a sacred body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an image in a frame\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one which could move about the world and inject the purpose of this exact moment into every future moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But how could he capture this light by scribbling with coal? Or even pigment?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Reality conspired against him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was hopeless to even try.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep walking,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled as she passed him. The wind flicked the hem of her desert-bitten robe, stretching and snapping white filaments which stuck to Mandri\u8217\'92s hip. It suddenly became apparent that Elrahet\u8217\'92s Spark outshone them all. Indeed, her Spark nearly outshone the sun. More than anyone else, she was enmeshed in a complex web of thread. Her puff-robed silhouette was almost cocooned in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A vulture wheeled overhead. Mandri could just make out its Spark. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were threads crossing underneath the sand, perhaps the paths of lizards, or snakes and beetles. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when he noticed the smaller, glimmering Sparks, all different colors, representing all manner of  desert creatures which he could not see. One of these Sparks was more interesting than most. It appeared to be an ordinary rock. A natural, red, sway-backed block of sandstone. The sand was littered with similar slumpy boulders, but only one had a Spark stuck inside its core, and it was an interesting Spark indeed, a twisted rage of color, dimly burning, red and pink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri walked towards the rock to investigate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when he noticed that sound could affect these threads. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His own humming vibrated a sparkle in front of his face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a fly. The faint screech of the vulture above shivered threads dancing in the sky. The sizzle of sand grains sent the vast carpet of light in front of him buzzing. The thupping of leather-bound feet rippled it too. The sound of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scream sent it all into spasms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MANDRI!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder and yanked him back, forcing him onto his ass. Before he could complain, she began to drag him along the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let go!\u8221\'94 he shouted, but Moteah only stopped when he twisted himself out of her grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you blind!?\u8221\'94 she shouted back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By now the others had turned and were hustling towards them. All of their threads were bristling now, like Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you we need to find another Mazid,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was only trying to take a piss,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. It was difficult to speak considering the insanity of this vision, but he was an old hand at feigning sobriety. Instinct propelled him through a hearty scoff. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see what the big deal is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah picked up a loose pebble, then side-armed it at the Sparked boulder that Mandri had been hunting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pebble smacked into the boulder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The boulder flinched and hissed as it flashed its yellow fangs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A lizard!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a red lizard with flat scales that melted into each other as the creature settled back into its hunched squat. The beast blended in so neatly with all the sandstone boulders scattered about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri squinted in a vain attempt to discern its features. He could see only an organic line of corded muscle that roped around what he thought were shoulders. Almost like human shoulders. Almost like a demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He strained to see more clearly, and as he did, the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head emerged from the wash of color like a flower unfolding in the sun. First came a scrunched-up snout weighed down by drooling flews. The rest of the skull followed, an outsized human skull with deep sockets that framed yellow, snake-slitted eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Threads of purpose crept out of it, reaching towards him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then it tried hide its eyes behind its hands as if playing peekaboo. Those hands were the most grotesque hands imaginable, all curled up and taloned like one of those of a long-lived pillow lizard whose claws are never trimmed, those favored pets of Outland kings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should kill it!\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a sword, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 Moto snorted. \u8220\'93If you want to kill it, then go and kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could almost feel that demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s teeth sinking into his flesh, scratching another nick into his thigh bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll warn you, though, demons are difficult to kill. Easy to wound, but if that is all you do, then you\u8217\'92ll have to chase it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shuffled backwards and bumped into Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg. He stammered through an apology, but was unable to express a cogent thought at the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Them pokey demons got no courage when they alone. An\u8217\'92 they dumber than the rocks they look like. Moteah hit it, and the damned thing thinks we can\u8217\'92t see it. Shit, we all lookin\u8217\'92 at it, and it still thinks we don\u8217\'92t know it\u8217\'92s there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram reached down, grabbed an Ayram-sized throwing stone. He turned the heavy thing around in his hand until he found a good grip and Mandri watched tiny little threads of purpose find grooves in his giant palm. Once settled, Ayram fixed his gaze upon the demon, furious threads stabbed out, and following them, his long arm whipped his rock straight at that demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SMACK!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock exploded into fragments and dust as the demon shrieked and flew backwards into a tumble. Blood gargled out of its smashed up snout as it tried to scramble upright, but Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stone had robbed its legs of confidence. It juddered, slipped, and fell again. It was such a broken mess that Mandri almost felt bad for it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It eventually staggered up on all fours, then limp-sprinted away, zig-zagging as if unsure of which way to flee. Then it came to a sudden stop and squatted back down in the dirt, reassuming the shape of a rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was hidden\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or so it thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good target practice,\u8221\'94 Ayram muttered. Then a bright idea flashed in his wild eyes. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have Mandri try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He grabbed Mandri and lifted him up. He aimed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head at the demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah, come make him kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Elrahet, not Moteah, who waddled forward. This witch was little more than a spool of white. With so many threads woven around her, she seemed to drag the world along with every step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Focus,\u8221\'94 she said to Mandri. \u8220\'93Breathe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sipped a breath to compose himself, but it was impossible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to play along,\u8221\'94 he said, knowing he was about to be enthralled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His fear was realized when Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bony hand jutted out of her threads. Her knuckles clenched around the hand of her accursed Black knife. She slashed the air in front of his cheek, and in one swift stroke, any errant threads stuck to his skin were severed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She swung again, and more threads were cut. His mind slumped deep into its seat. She swung again, and again, severing all threads save those connected to Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s severed hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of nothing,\u8221\'94 she mumbled as she began to circle, continuing to prune his figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Reach out with your arm,\u8221\'94 she said to Moteah, and Moteah reached out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah set the stump of her wrist against Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back, as if she were reaching inside to reconnect her limb. Mandri could feel her fingers moving, squeezing his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His shoulders suddenly crimped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His heart roared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An urge to scream swelled up his chest and spread to each of his limbs. As it did, a heat began to burn at the base of his throat. He opened his mouth towards the heavens and a searing pain shot through his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He cried out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He collapsed and twisted in pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It felt as if his head would burst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Through the agony he heard Moteah say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what\u8217\'92s wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He writhed around for a finger more, clutching his head. By the time he was back inside his own skin, only Ayram remained. The rest had resumed their journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better play along next time,\u8221\'94 Ayram said with a frown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By the time Mandri stood up and followed, the God Eye sight was gone.}}