{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Through dazed eyes he saw that it was his wife, and he mechanically drew his horse to a stop. She was close to him now, her face tear-stained, her eyes wide and inquiring. The dust from their horses\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 feet eddied up around them, blurring their faces.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I killed your father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Barr Wyeth\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s voice sounded like the voice of a ventriloquist\u8217\'92s dummy, thin and unreal.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You killed him,\u8221\'94 said the woman in a flat voice, as if admitting the truth. \u8220\'93You said you would, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That was a long time ago,\u8221\'94 said Barr wearily, slowly. \u8220\'93I remember that I said it\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 long\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 time\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 They stared at each other through the dust. The woman brushed a hand across her face, across her eyes, as if to wipe away the things that were before her. Then she turned her horse slowly around and started back toward the ranch. Barr Wyeth looked after her for a moment and then followed in her wake.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 He was sober now and no longer dazed. No jury in the valley would ever acquit him, the evidence was all against him. He remembered that Windy, Mark and Pastry Pell were present when he had said he was going to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93get\u8221\'94 the sheriff and John the Baptist.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 He felt sure that Pastry had told the sheriff and that the sheriff had disarmed him for that reason. It was a case of premeditated murder; murder in the first degree, punishable by hanging. He wondered if it would be worth while for him to go into the hills and take a chance on getting away. The whole valley would be against him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Suddenly he wondered if he had really killed John Fann. His soul clutched at the thought, but he shook his head. The bottle had been nearly full of liquor; a heavy glass bottle, and he had thrown it with every ounce of his strength. No, it must have crushed the old man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s skull like an egg-shell, he thought.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 It was a long way home for Barr Wyeth. Ahead of him rode his wife, looking into a blurred future for herself and the twin babies. Barr did not try to ride with her. He had hated John the Baptist, and just now, for the first time, he fully realized that John the Baptist was his wife\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s father.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why did I hate him so?\u8221\'94 wondered Barr. \u8220\'93The things he said about me\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that was the reason. Yes, that was it. I killed him for the things he had said about me. He didn\u8217\'92t want me to marry Nell, but I fooled him. He said things about me and I killed him for saying those things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Two riders were coming down the slope of a hill ahead of him, and now they came down onto the road. It was Mark Ells and Windy Hart, heading toward Bunch Grass. Both of them spoke to Mrs. Wyeth as they passed her, but she did not look up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Both of them drew rein, as if to speak to Barr Wyeth, but he did not stop nor speak to them. He did not want to talk to any one. It seemed so useless to talk to any one now. They watched him ride away toward the ranch and looked curiously at each other.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can yuh beat that, Windy?\u8221\'94 queried Mark Ells.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nope\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 yuh can\u8217\'92t even tie it,\u8221\'94 declared Windy. \u8220\'93Barr was a whoopin\u8217\'92 wolf when he left, but somethin\u8217\'92 has sure shrunk his howl a heap. Might be worth findin\u8217\'92 out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Mark grinned widely and they rode on toward town.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Judge Henry Freeman was badly crippled in the legs from rheumatism, but was still able to continue his duties as district judge. He lived in a little house at the outskirts of Bunch Grass; prolific in his profanity, ready to argue anything from Blackstone to how to cure baldness, and smoking a very vile old pipe, which, when burning properly, sounded like eggs frying in a hot skillet.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 he stated}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 gazed reprovingly}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See them hills? Well, sir, when I came here that was the highest part of the Rocky Mountains.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah?\u8221\'94 The cowboy grinned. \u8220\'93Shrunk, ain\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shrunk \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ! I wore \u8217\'92em off driving cows across \u8217\'92em. Let\u8217\'92s have a drink.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Many happy returns of the day,\u8221\'94}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You remin\u8217\'92 me of the feller that got on his horsh and went huntin\u8217\'92 for the moon,\u8221\'94 grinned Splinter. \u8220\'93And the \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  thing fell on him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The moon did?\u8221\'94 wonderingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the horsh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }