{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  They should not be forgotten, but they would be. Already, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been reduced to dead bodies framing Ayram\u8217\'92s grief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And that was the problem.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wondered how that could be true. Everyone would be forgotten. Many believe that Solraheen is still alive. Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye is watching, because it must be watching, because all the suffering in this world must have an audience, or else, what is the point? Something in the sky must be witnessing all this pain, preserving its memory so that it can be transformed. Elrahet would be forgotten just as everyone is. She\u8217\'92d already been reduced to a bit of set dressing. }
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of all the songs that are commonly sung, there are none more unfortunate than the song of Bagabeen. Bagabeen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lover was dying from a sweating sickness. So, Bagabeen set out to find the fruit of life, that he and she might eat of it and become immortal. His adventure led him into the Prickly Portion. Two days later, he stepped on a horse crippler, and two days after that, the wound became infected. And as it goes, this young man who set out to extend his life died young, for his pain was so unbearable that he hung himself on the low branch of a bamber tree. If the song is sung well, and pains are taken to massage the tension between Bagabeen and his ailing lover, his tragedy can move an audience into catharsis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If there is no audience, of course there can be no catharsis. Bagabeen and his lover both die alone, and that would be it. It is for this reason that Bagabeen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s story is used as an argument to insist that}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Solraheen was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And now, so was Elrahet.}
\par\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Tragedy and catharsis depends upon an audience. }
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , and if mixed with the sympathies of an audience there is catharsis\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 only}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  when mixed with the sympathies of an audience. If there is no audience, there would only be the suffering. The logic is simple and brutal here; if there is no audience, if one dies alone, then what in this universe  Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye no longer shines down eternal, so what is left for there to watch and remember?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  , but it was no great crime against story to trade two exalted beings, one for the other. It was fitting how their corpses crowned }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The hero of the tragedy desires everything, anything, except for what fate desires to give. Fearful of this, the hero attempts to change their future, but the attempt only guarantees it. In the end, there is pain, and then the pain lingers, becomes suffering, and this suffering leads to a final catastrophe. When mixed with the sympathies of an audience that catastrophe is transformed into catharsis. If there is no audience, then there is no catharsis, and that final catastrophe is never redeemed; there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only a bitter end. It is for this reason that some insist that Solraheen is still alive. His eye is watching, because it must be watching, because somebody must be witnessing all the suffering happening in the world, or else, what is the point?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 A thought - twelve hundred miles away a girl is dying. See how far into the future you can see.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That did not make sense.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram wanted to kill the Burshageet, and now the Burshageet was dead. If ever there was a providential alignment of fate and desire, this was it. Elrahet was dead as well, but one could hardly expect to end one exalted being without trading it for another.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He guessed that if he were to start walking towards that crack on the far side of the chamber, then that would be the catalyst which set everyone in motion}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then he and everyone else were all drawn towards that unnatural crack like puppets on heavenly strings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , so while he might have been critiquing Solraheen, he might have been wondering why Elrahet let herself be killed. Probably, the question was meant for Mandri, as he had just swallowed Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark. Whatever the case, Ayram\u8217\'92s}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet had suffered. Not at the moment of death, as she died quickly, but Mandri was sure that her long life had its fair share of suffering. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto suffered. The Hrks around him were cutting trophies off of dead demons at Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s behest. The keenkedrin\u8217\'92s head was the ultimate prize, belonging of course to Pyetle. The Burshageet\u8217\'92s head, that old king, was too ordinary to be much use in a parade. Meanwhile,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do not seek. If you are pure, you will find the truth.   (Vacuous conditional)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do not obey. If you have found the truth, you will act rightly. \tab (Assuming the conclusion)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do not teach. If you are in the right, you will be followed.\tab (Demonstrably wrong)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Do not live. If you are followed, you will live forever.\tab  (Poetic rambling)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not only were there no marginal notes etched into this particular arch, but it was clear that the Creed here was an abridged version, or perhaps the original version. It was so much shorter that Mandri wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have made the connection to Schisol\u8217\'92s Creed if Pyetle hadn\u8217\'92t first asserted it. Now that he could see it, he could interpret it well enough:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Do not seek}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Do not obey}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Do not teach\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Do not live}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93but, help me understand, was it you who corrupted the old king Greskal? How exactly did you accomplish that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93None but the Burshageet can bring forth the Burshageet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His whole world twisted around as his mind sprang back into his eyes. There was Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach under his nose. It was being pushed into his mouth by his own cupped hands. His teeth were sinking into its steaming meat. He could taste its juice on his tongue. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen never called down that spot of Fabled Black. Isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that what you\u8217\'92ve heard? He did it to kill Schisol and save the world? Yes? No? That is all incorrect. It was Schisol who called down that rock. He did it to sacrifice himself so that Solraheen could no longer torture your Sparks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then she cast an adoring eye upon Seb. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve performed wonderfully. You may run along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb raised her head. It seemed she wanted desperately to say something important, but she hesitated, then wiped her tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 Pel said, reassuring. \u8220\'93Run along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stood up, cast a mournful look at Mandri and the others, then took off running off into the depths of Shis, blindly following the line of her fate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop that!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted. \u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s sake, men are dying and you want to take a trophies!? Tend to the wounded! You there, go help Slate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All three men looked quite upset, none more so than the man ordered to help Slate. He clearly wanted to say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slate\u8217\'92s already dead,\u8221\'94 but he did as he was told because Pyetle\u8217\'92s tone brooked no argument.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop!\u8221\'94 Pyetle bellowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Vessel paused, wondering what he was in for now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not you!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted. \u8220\'93Him! Stop HIM!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle was pointing at Mandri. Mandri shriveled up, because he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to hurt anyone. That was the last thing he wanted to do. Then he noticed Ayram standing behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant held his spud-bar spear in both hands. His wild eyes were fixed on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck. He torqued his body to swing. Bits of beetle parts flew off his spear\u8217\'92s blood-slicked haft. For all the world, it seemed like Mandri\u8217\'92s head would go flying in the opposite direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Mandri could see the threads of fate. He saw Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hesitation before it happened. Even so, Ayram\u8217\'92s face was resolved and murderous. Such was the dissonance between this obvious, inevitable present, and the apparent slackening of it, that Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t help but smile. And as soon as Ayram saw that smile, he checked his swing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That Mazid is property of the Lordship!\u8221\'94 Pyetle roared as he came stomping up to them both. \u8220\'93You pokes have redeemed yourselves, do not ruin it by doing something foolish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram lowered his spear. Its chisel tip chinked the stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is good that you see sense,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, relaxing. \u8220\'93This is a great victory here, and you should revel in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is no victory,\u8221\'94 Ayram said bitterly. He regarded all the dead bodies strewn about his feet, first among them, Elrahet. Her ruin was so complete that one would be hard pressed to guess that there was actually a corpse underneath those black robes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Victory never comes without a cost,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said promptly. \u8220\'93In time, I am sure you will come to agree that this is about as happy an end as we could hope for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That boy could end you with a breath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No sooner were the words out of his mouth, when sounds of a man weeping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Moto. The Zosan was picking through the massive pile of bodies that had been swimming inside the Burshageet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. Tears streamed down his face as he pulled a large demon fetus out of the pile to see what was buried behind it. The action sent a slide of corroded bodies down to cover the spot. Frustrated, and overwhelmed with grief, he collapsed to his knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s he bothered about?\u8221\'94 Pyetle wondered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His sister,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled. \u8220\'93The kidnapped girl was his sister.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid\u8217\'92s Minder?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Pyetle remarked. \u8220\'93Does he think she\u8217\'92s dead? She is not dead.\u8221\'94 He then gathered his voice and called to Moto, \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s not dead!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sobbing shoulders settled down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle called again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s still alive!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could watched Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood change by the light of because his Spark went from faintly pulsing to whirling around in confusion and excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto slowly stood up. A glowing white line danced out of him, marking his future. It ran towards Mandri. It lingered front of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, then suddenly sped past him, ran in between Pyetle and Ayram, then dove into the orchard of golden organs and past that golden tree. It ran through the dark for a spell before disappearing into a tall crack in the distant wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was the furthest into the future that Mandri had ever seen. And a true future it was, for when Moto moved, he was drawn perfectly along its center.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know she\u8217\'92s alive?\u8221\'94 Moto called back, desperate. \u8220\'93She must have been swallowed! She was taken! \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All I know,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, \u8220\'93is that she must be alive because the Mazid is still moving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then where is she!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nearby, I suspect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doubt it,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She must be nearby. How else could she have summoned the Mazid\u8217\'92s fire?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy summoned his fire all by himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle scoffed, eyed Mandri, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be absurd. Only a Minder can summon a Mazid\u8217\'92s flame.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you bet your life on it?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked. such was his certainty that all three men were now staring at Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, , felt compelled to speak. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can feel Moteah\u8217\'92s hand gripping my stomach,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see?\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, confidently. \u8220\'93The girl must be near. I am willing to bet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s more than that,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, and instead of explaining, he decided to show. He took a deep breath and held it. It didn\u8217\'92t take much concentration to send a surge of power welling up from his stomach to tickle his throat until it was glowing hot with fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t gulp down his fear until Mandri relaxed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you don\u8217\'92t want me to kill him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle, incredulous, simply muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By whopping off his head.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I meant, how could this be possible? No Mazid can control their fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood up. He was shorter than all three men by at least half a head, but they each . They looked to eachother and tried to agree about what to do. But they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a choice in the matter. The future was already written out. Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t see much of it, admittedly, but their lines were all there. His was, too. It was only a matter of time before he, Ayram, Moto, and Pyetle would venture into that crack in the distant wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Only matter of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri decided to just start walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you going?!\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To find Moteah,\u8221\'94 he guessed. He paused and pointed at the lines which would draw them all towards that distant crack. He changed his aim when he realized that no one else could see them, and he pointed at the crack itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle peered into the dark. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw hundreds of demons flee that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps that means it leads down to Shis,\u8221\'94 Mandri mused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He may be right,\u8221\'94 Ayram said to Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. \u8220\'93You can feel her grip?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri nodded, Moto began again to follow his worldline. As he moved, so did everyone else, pulled along their lines like laundry on tangled laundry strings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle ordered what was left of his men to report back to the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tower. He gave a stout fellow the honor of organizing recovery of the dead. He included Elrahet\u8217\'92s body in that tally, to Ayram\u8217\'92s thanks. Ayram paid his final respects to her, then sprinted after Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri walked at an easy pace, following his bright worldine. He briefly toyed with the idea of stepping out of his line. Simple curiosity rebelled against the idea. There was a little squiggle in his future some ways up ahead. It told of how he would stop walking for moment before continuing on. He just had to know what would cause that to happen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Young Mazid!\u8221\'94 Pyetle called. \u8220\'93Hold up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did not hold up. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet reached that squiggle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle ran to catch up. Two Vessels accompanied him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forgive me,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he came alongside Mandri, keeping a respectful distance. \u8220\'93I hope you will forgive me. I have not been appreciative of how forthright you pokes have been. I was also, at times, too aggressive in the application my duties. In my defense, I did not know know it was possible for a Mazid to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t bother,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, annoyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Right. But may I ask how you managed to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. Well, I want you to know that you have performed a great service for the Lordship. I also want you to know that I am at your service.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what you want,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, knowing full well that Pyetle could only ever follow his worldline as it weaved a path through this uncertain dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me be clear,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93I am bound by oath to return you to the Lordship. Now, you owe me nothing, and I have no leverage, and given your newfound autonomy, I recognize that I cannot force you to do anything that you do not want to do. The only option open to me is to convince you to come with me. That is, if you\u8217\'92ll grant me the opportunity to convince you. I think I can, if you would.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just walk,\u8221\'94 Mandri said blankly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will,\u8221\'94 Pyetle replied, trying to sound amenable. \u8220\'93We can walk and talk, If you don\u8217\'92t mind. You see, I\u8217\'92m no fleshcrafter, but I do know something about what goes into making a Mazid. It has always been clear to me that a Mazid should }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 never}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  have control of their fire. It forces me to ask\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are you certain that your Minder is not actively working your stomach?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Though Pyetle was careful to adjust his tone, Mandri could feel him suspecting some sort of scheme, as if he and the Ayramun were in cahoots to confuse him. It was a little unfair, because Mandri could see Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark look uncomfortable. \u8220\'93Just walk,\u8221\'94 Mandri repeated. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am only having trouble with the mechanics of it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93If all is as it seems, you would be a miracle. I am perfectly willing to believe that. I watched you save my life, and the lives of my men. Before any of that, I\u8217\'92d already sworn an oath to the Lordship to find you and keep safe your return, even if it means my life. Now, here I am. I am beginning to see the hand of Solraheen working in all of this. What are the odds? It all means something. White light, I have never been so excited. There\u8217\'92s obvious potential for both of us. Very excited. Look at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle held out his hand, and indeed, it was trembling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re only walking,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, exasperated, \u8220\'93we are only walking.\u8221\'94 He stopped walking and stared Pyetle down to make sure the scribe understood. Then he smiled at how he\u8217\'92d unconsciously settled into that squiggle in his worldline. It was quite surreal to feel that he was discovering his future even as he saw it before it happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your men won\u8217\'92t be needed,\u8221\'94 he said, nodding towards Pyetle\u8217\'92s two bodyguards. He only said it because their worldlines were turned around, and they would be leaving shortly anyways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very well,\u8221\'94 Pyetle replied. He took one of his Vessel\u8217\'92s backpacks for himself, took the other\u8217\'92s torch, then ordered them both to rejoin their brethren in mopping up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From there, Mandri and Pyetle joined Moto and Ayram at the crack.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Mandri could see the threads of fate. He saw Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hesitation before it happened. Even so, Ayram\u8217\'92s face was resolved and murderous. Such was the dissonance between this obvious, inevitable present, and the apparent slackening of it, that Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t help but smile. And as soon as Ayram saw that smile, he checked his swing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The crack led into a larger hollow of rock. He was expecting demons, so was surprised to find a dumping ground for books. There were at least a few hundred books all strewn about. Each had its spine cut and its innards loosed. Brown sheets of moldy, scripted paper were scattered about, some still stitched together, some torn. Some were stuck to the walls like moths, while a swarm of them rested on a large upturned table that lay canted on the far side of the room. Its four wooden legs were stuck up like a bloated cow. Then there was the matter of the man-sized hole in the center of the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Demons steal books,\u8221\'94 Ayram said as he entered after Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto dropped his torch down into this hole, and it clattered onto a red rock floor a few meters away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s first?\u8221\'94 he asked as Moto filtered in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everyone looked at Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sat beside the hole, let his legs dangle, then pushed off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He found himself inside a round tunnel of red rock. The curved walls were plastered over with deep, gouging scratches, giving it all the impression of being carved out by a giant rat. But the dimensions were too regular, too even, to have been made by a wild animal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was alone, so far as he could see, and the god-eye sight ensured that he could see quite far. He encouraged the others to join him. There were two directions they could take, forwards or back. Mandri followed his guiding thread of purpose.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A \u8216\'91thank you\u8217\'92 would have been more apt,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93Or, one might say, \u8216\'91that makes us even.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered as he shimmied around the hole. For fun, he kicked a loose rock down into it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Before Mandri could reply, the stone he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d loosed banged against the bottom of that bottomless pit, sending a stupefying far-flung BOOM echoing up from below.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They rested for a while underneath a hang of rock. Moto set up a house of twigs and set them alight. They all crowded around this meager flame as Pyetle tried to extract information about what it was they were doing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you not understand?\u8221\'94 Moto said as he bundled up against the cold. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re looking for my sister.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  any of you,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Pyetle said defensively. \u8220\'93I get the sense that you all know a lot more than I do about this business. You act like you\u8217\'92ve been here before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you want to leave, then leave,\u8221\'94 Moto said as he laid down and closed his eyes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At least tell me who you are. You are not the ordinary pokes I initially took you for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are what\u8217\'92s left of me and mine,\u8221\'94 Ayram said from the back. \u8220\'93If you wanted answers to more than that, you should have asked the only woman who could have given them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, \u8220\'93the witch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She must have meant a lot to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grunted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She was the only thing keeping this world tied together. Now\u8230\'85 now, who knows?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  mean?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}}