{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Twenty years ago, Pyetle met his first wife Seculla at an evening river party. It was a government function, some Shagotan functionary was entertaining some Hrkkan dignitary, and so the wine was flowing and the air was thick with ambition. Not a place for depressed people. They don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://AB7BEF6A-D647-4DDB-96B4-6FB81D899415"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 stamina}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  for it. Both Pyetle and Seculla were depressed people. They filtered through the pretension and collided in one corner of the cordoned off where they clustered together for sanity. This sparked a relationship. After this, they began to write letters back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle found it difficult to explain that he was depressed because he came from old money. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not a sympathetic cause and so even he, with his prodigious creative talent, couldn\u8217\'92t mix and match words well enough to communicate the depth of it. Instead, he settled for talking about it in the abstract. He wrote to Seculla about how he hated the word \u8216\'91depression\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  He remarked that a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91depression\u8217\'92 is just a bit of land that\u8217\'92s a little lower than the surrounding area. It can vary in size, but if you\u8217\'92re walking along you\u8217\'92ll get through it in good time with no great effort. It\u8217\'92s not like climbing a mountain or swimming across the sea. It\u8217\'92s just a phase in what is otherwise perfectly healthy, normal, level ground. In other words a depression isn\u8217\'92t depressing. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen thought the use of the word was prejudicial. It gave well-put-together people the wrong idea about him. Made them feel that they understood where he was coming from. After all, everyone\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s been sad, so everyone\u8217\'92s been through a little depression, so everyone thinks they\u8217\'92ve got the place mapped, but a real meaty nihilistic stupor, well Mandrameen knew it wasn\u8217\'92t on any goddamn map. You get lost there. You don\u8217\'92t come back.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla wrote back that he was, again, being a fool. She pointed out that the most desolate and tortured place in the world was a depression: the Empty Portion. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s an immense bowl of sand and it comprises almost a third of the continent. Unrelenting winds have whipped it since the dawn of creation: the S}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://E8424800-BDA9-48A7-BCE6-331CE7B693E2"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i0 hamal}}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  blows in from the Caltian Sea, and the Kharif brings monsoons in from the south-west. }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Empty Portion is not just a true desert, Seculla argued, it is }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 the}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  desert. No one has ever made it through the heart of it, much less to the Inner Mountain and back again. If ever there was a fitting object for Mandrameen\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s analogy, that was it, and it was a depression, and it most certainly }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  on a map.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen was too sentimental about the Sands to agree with her. The Empty Portion was unforgiving, yes, but for him it was full of mystery and feminine allure. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d wax on about virginal passages and rich young men who fought to be the first to expose and penetrate its secrets. Besides, the Gods lived there, the Desert Fathers lived there, and so he couldn\u8217\'92t possibly think of it as depressing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually, and this took months, subtle lust worked enough agreeableness into them that they shared a conclusion: the feature of the Earth best suited to the task was the Underworld. The sun can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t reach there, so you can only see as far as the light that you carry. There is no color or life. There\u8217\'92s just the maze of rock, the abyss, and your own private thoughts. There\u8217\'92s nothing to do but wander and wait for death.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What they didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t consider - what they didn\u8217\'92t know - was Fear. Not the blunt, cerebral fear that might keep the depressed in bed, but the sharp, waking fear that keeps a man running through the Underworld. Neither Mandrameen nor Seculla had ever }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 truly}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  gazed into the abyss. The real things, the avens of the Earth, they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re chittering-chattering throats that threaten to vomit out teeth and claws and demons should you turn your back. They spike the body with tension, they push out all thoughts and worries save one: Back. Out. Slowly. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If Mandrameen and Seculla had ever been forced to crawl through the damp dark of the Underworld, as Pyetle was forced by Ayram and Hill, their error would have slapped them in the face. The only thing keeping Pyetle from losing his wits entirely was the drink. He couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t fixate on the terror even if he tried.}}