{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To a man, the soldiers of Hrk wore their plain white garb proudly. It was quite the accomplishment, keeping those robes dust free. Mandri wondered if they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d developed some secret oil bath which guarded the fabric against the smear of sand and sweat. The men themselves were less resilient. Their faces unraveled when they bore witness to the pilgrim poles. Half of them cried out, a few vomited, the rest became enraged. There wasn\u8217\'92t one level head among them, save for Pyetle, who was inevitable up on his horse. He barked orders with clean diction, orders assiduously planned for such an occasion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The men were reorganized into their squares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A squad of the literate was formed to anatomize the scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Messengers were dispatched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Scouts were ordered to seek water and foraging opportunities for their continued journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A return journey,\u8221\'94 was Pyetle\u8217\'92s hope. When Moto suggested that they wouldn\u8217\'92t be going back, implying their imminent death, Pyetle laughed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are prepared for a hunt,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93We can manage a demon or two. Or twenty.\u8221\'94 He then ordered Ayram to move ahead and give tongue the moment he saw any sign of their quarry. Ayram assented with a grunt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The start of the Goree Pass was a gently rising wagon path leading into a winding canyon. Once around the fist bend, Ayram scrambled up a slope to the left, a near vertical scree. Pyetle ordered all to follow. To Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unworked hands, the slope might as well have been a wall of thorns. Moto had to push him up from behind, and Moteah had to pull him from above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Down below, Pyetle took pause to consider how to divide his force. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bring his horse up with him. Then there was the matter of the Riga child. He decided in the end to leave them both behind with a small bevy of men, for their protection. After giving the order he paused to consider the look of doom Elrahet was channeling. The sun was high and behind her, so her stooped figure cast an long, ominous shadow down the length of the slope, ending right at Pyetle\u8217\'92s feet}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is something the matter?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite see Elrahet\u8217\'92s face from where he stood, but he could feel a black loathing emanating from her cowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would be wise to bring the Riga.\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled, her words rolling down the rocky slope like warning stones. \u8220\'93Wiser still to restore the Mazid\u8217\'92s breath. Only Mazidfire can defeat what awaits us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle smiled back proudly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think me stupid?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93I would never unleash that Mazid. That would defeat the whole purpose of my being here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come then!\u8221\'94 Elrahet hissed. She flicked her hand at the Hrkan commander. \u8220\'93And do leave strong men behind. You\u8217\'92ll need them to tender your carcass to the knackers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was sad to see the Riga be lifted up onto Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse and trotted away. It was like watching a debt collector making off with half his harvest. It meant he would have to get used to the hunger for breath. And there was the hunger of speech as well. He had a few choice words he wanted to share with the soldiers who cursed at him as they climbed up the slope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first of them, a swarthy man with a twisted nose spat on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the last bit o\u8217\'92 water you\u8217\'92ll take from me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Other Hrks assembled variations on this theme. Apparently Pyetle had driven his men hard for days without stopping to find a well. One man patted down Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe,looking for a waterskin. When it was clear Mandri had nothing to steal, he worked in an elbow to the ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once everyone had climbed up to this wide shelf of sturdy rock, the Ayramun were split apart. Ayram, the spotter, the wayfinder, was kept in front, while Elrahet was kept in back. The rest were divvied up and lost amongst a white cloud of shared suspicion. Mandri moved somewhere in the middle, sandwiched between two unwashed loaves of man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At length, the way dipped into a narrow crack set into in the northern rock face. The crack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s opening was hardly wider than Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulders. Ayram barreled into it without so much as a stutter step; it was his trademark cat-like, lizard-like, bendy-bone movement, feral movement, and the Hrkan soldier nearest Mandri muttered, \u8220\'93Demon!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This drew a click of the tongue from Pyetle, alongside an order to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One by one, they all squeezed into the chasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was tougher going from then on. If Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t racked with anxiety he might have savored the scene, for the stacked layers of rock on either side were were made from chalky reds bent into dramatic, sweeping forms, with both sides bracketing a thin, winding strip of sky in which the sun was happy to play a game of peekaboo. Such was the height and swerve of the walls that the sunlight never touched the mush of sand and fallen rock that was the floor. And they marched so long that the sun had time to hop the streamlet of sky above and disappear altogether.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri consoled himself with the thought of the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon in his pocket. He patted the bulb to make sure the little beauty was still there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Git movin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hustled to catch up with the fluttering white cloak in front him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He next found himself in the bottom of a belled out valley whose slopes bulged with piles of red sandstone. It seemed as if a great length of the chasm on either side had collapsed. To the left, towering above the precarious western slope, was the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tallest plateau, which stretched beyond vision. Above that plateau was the blazing, latter-day sun. Hiding in the shadows of the larger rocks were blots of soldiers. Among them, Moteah, who kept a keen eye on Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re almost there,\u8221\'94 she said upon seeing Mandri\u8217\'92s pained expression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost where?\u8221\'94 a rather haggard soldier asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah did not answer him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From then on, the Hrkan march was stretched into a trickle of white-cloaks dribbling down rubble strewn paths. As the day progressed, the brilliant blue of the sky dimmed into its deeper hues. The shadows grew black. It was then that their path began to lead more steeply upwards. Soon it emptied out onto the heights of the Goree plateau, though there was still a little ways yet to reach the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Mandri next lifted his eyes from the ankle-twisting rocks, he saw, some hundred yards away, the start of a dizzying staircase rising up to another massive plateau. Halfway through a tired, silent groan, he realized that the massive plateau in front of him, that monumental knob of rock, was actually a building. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It drew itself up high, exposing a rocky skin incised with thin geometric patterns which flared pink in the light of the setting sun. Such was the hour that the pink gradated into red at at the mountain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s peak. After Mandri blinked his astonishment, he saw that the patterns, the diamonds, squares, and triangles, were joined together to paint abstract faces. There were animal faces, demonic faces, faces inside of faces. An oval taller than ten men demarcated the edges of a fox\u8217\'92s gape. The nostrils of the fox were the eyes of a hawk, and the beak of the hawk was the tooth of the fox and also the skull of a mouse. This parade of creation wrapped all the way around the structure\u8217\'92s like a belt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had never seen the like in a painting. All the monumental wonders get their place in Hrkan art, and so by rights this isolated temple should have been included. The Hrkan brush is especially attracted to the monuments of outland tribes, for the glories of the conquered vitalize the glory of the conqueror. This temple would have been one of the brightest jewels in the Lordly crown, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not even accounting for the effects of the sun\u8217\'92s red rays painting the stone with flame. The lack of its account in Hrkan art could only be explained by ignorance. The Lords did not know of it. If they had, they would have conquered it a long time ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have an easier time of it now because the building appeared to be deserted. If this were a living temple, there would be light, there would be movement, there would be voices chanting Old Jandri hymns with all the guttural intensity of a lizard litter that\u8217\'92s been brushed with the scent of a female. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When it was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn to climb the stairs, he took his time. There were at least two-hundred steps. They were steep and uneven. The wear of ages had them looking like layers of melted wax. And there was a dark stain was climbing up them. Mandri guessed that up above, some unattended bucket of oil had spilled, found a groove, and then streamed all the way down to the bottom. If it wasn\u8217\'92t oil, well, it could be any number of other substances. Perfumed wine, red berry brine, or ink. It could be slurried excrement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a temple that large had to drain out somewhere. Odd that they\u8217\'92d have it running out the front door. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But he knew it was blood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because of course it was blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any people where people were expected to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And there was a demon somewhere near.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Blood had explanatory power. It explained the stain, and it explained the general unease creeping under his skin. It explained why his knees trembled and why, as he crested the final stair and stepped onto the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forecourt, why he felt the urge to flee. And that wasn\u8217\'92t the end of it, for the many lines which drew the faces on the temple\u8217\'92s wall converged above the tall, narrow entrance into the mountain, and the point of convergence, the curved entrance arch, was stained by that same dark substance, leading Mandri to wonder if the Greskalun had disappeared because they\u8217\'92d been eaten by the building itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 More explanatory power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Form up!\u8221\'94 Pyetle barked, his voice a little weak in this thinner mountain air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Someone grabbed Mandri by the neck and arranged him alongside the Hrkan squares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When they were all finally gathered atop that barren table of rock, Pyetle began his final review. }{His eyes ticked proudly from face to face, but a sudden realization dawned and his brows quickly drew together. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stepped back, marched quickly up and down the five-fold squares while his concern gradually turned into panic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is he!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No one answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle ceased his pacing and revised the question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is the giant!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood tip-toe to survey the swarm of bobbing white headscarves. Moto was there. Moteah, too, as well as Seb and Elrahet, all of them spread out like splintered wood amidst the sea of white-cloaks. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s towering frame should have been a black mast amongst them. He was missing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who was charged with the giant\u8217\'92s keeping?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man in the first square wavered for a moment, then stepped forward. Anxiety rippled his words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They appear to be missing.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93WHAT!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dars and Fally. They were with the giant. I suggest they\u8217\'92ve gone ahead, ventured into the building.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was the first up the stair,\u8221\'94 Pyetle countered. \u8220\'93I saw no one. They were }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 behind!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suggest that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle took a moment to compose himself. He then strode towards the veritable cliff behind him, but promptly dismissed the possibility that the giant had jumped off. His next suspicion fell upon Elrahet. He posted up in front of her and asked, calmly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could not see Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scowl, but he could watch it work on Pyetle\u8217\'92s round face. The man\u8217\'92s right eye twitched. His full lips curled into a frown. His stiff beard bulged as he bit his tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should guess,\u8221\'94 Elrahet mumbled, \u8220\'93That he fled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrk to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left groaned. A curse reserved for liars was uttered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something to do with raking tongues against fish skin. Half the crowd murmured agreement. All this widened the crack in Pyetle\u8217\'92s calm facade, as now his attention was split between a defiant witch and his own insubordinate men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then shout came from the mountain entrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sir! There }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  someone in here!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle spun around and hurried up to the threshold. He drew his sword as if to do battle with the mountain itself, then peered inside. After a moment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inspection, he shouted, \u8220\'93Fetch the pokes!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was picked up, carried, and dropped at Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. The rest of the Ayramun were borne forth in a similar manner, save for Elrahet. She was driven towards the entrance arch by the threat of a spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One of you get a torch going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto unshouldered his pack and quickly found the materials for a torch. He laid out a bundle of dried grass and resin, then knapped sparks onto it. Soon it was burning brightly, sending a thick cloud of the blackest smoke swirling into the air. He applied this flame to a pitch-wrapped stick, and offered it to Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93You are going in first.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shrugged his shoulders\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his way of calling Pyetle a coward. He then stood up, walked into the mouth of the mountain, and thrust his torch into its interior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He immediately spun around and cupped his nose with the crook of his elbow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells like stale piss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get on with it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto turned back, held his torch aloft and stepped into the darkness. Pyetle followed, along with a few of his men. Mandri and the others were forced in behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The entrance hall was a grand, colonnaded affair, as wide as a Lord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s barge, thrice as long, and at least four times Mandri\u8217\'92s height. Moto\u8217\'92s torchlight could only tease the distant wall. In the middle of this dimness, dug out into the floor, was a large octagonal fire pit filled to the brim with white ash. Wind had tossed some of this ash around the room, leaving white trails sprinkled across the nearby columns and frosting the floor. On the other side of this pit, facing those gathered, was a man sitting cross-legged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto halted and waved his torch back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello!\u8221\'94 Moto shouted, but his words echoed back without rejoinder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The figure, robed in green and splattered in ash, sat slumped, arms folded into his robe, chin-tucked as if sleeping. The only bit of visible skin was his nose which peeked out from behind the fall of his black, ash splattered hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably dead,\u8221\'94 Seb marked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think so?\u8221\'94 said Moto dryly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You the one who said \u8216\'91hello\u8217\'92 to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle made a grasping motion towards Moto, requesting the torch. Moto acquiesced. With the torchlight leading the way, Pyetle approached the mysterious figure. The rest of his men began to filter into the room, each with much less surety in their step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must have living on mice,\u8221\'94 Moto remarked as he kicked a small spine that was lying on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bats,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scattered remains of all manner of small creatures poked out of every shadow\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin boned lizard legs, bats, birds, mice, and plenty of beetle shells too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For a moment there, Mandri was happy to be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91inside, because that was a state of being that he forgot existed after spending so many days wandering in the wilderness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But this was the den of a beast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Elrahet waddled in. She let her heavy robes }{dragged through the ash, dirt, and bones. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped right up to the cross-legged figure as if he were her next meal, and she poked him with her cane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head slumped onto his shoulder and his hair fell away from his cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet poked again, and he fell onto his side. The thump of his impact kicked up a cloud of ash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She rubbed the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe between her gnarled fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Viggy wool,\u8221\'94 she said confidently. \u8220\'93The raiment of a prince. Greskal\u8217\'92s son.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle spread the light of his torch onto several more pitch-strapped sticks and handed them out to his men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that who who we\u8217\'92ve come to hunt?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93Though he did nearly fall to the hunger. See there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pointed to pointed towards a dark lump on the floor about an arm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s length behind the dead prince.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That lump had a mop of dark hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a human ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It had a neck, and attached to that neck were a few links of spine. What mangled flesh there was appeared to have been munched on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted between this horror and green robed prince.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You suggest that this man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 ate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the other?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet ____}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not judge this boy,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93He was braver than any of you. See here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She grabbed Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm and forced his torch low against the firepit. She poked around and revealed, buried in the ash, a large stomach. Evidently the green-robed prince had cut it out at the neck and then tossed it into the fire like a lure, dragging with it his intestines, which were cut as well and tossed aside. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle drew away in disgust while Elrahet prattled on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he had lost his battle, we\u8217\'92d have two Burshageets to hunt instead of one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burshageet?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was too busy rolling the stomach around in its bed of ash to clarify. And what a sight. Its}{ pinkish flesh was sticky, seared in patches, and as it turned, some part of it squelched and fizzled, as if it were still digesting cinders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pulled out her black knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With a quick, terrible stroke, she cut the stomach open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She reached down with her cane and carefully spread the halves apart. Then she leaned over it to divine the future. Or, perhaps she sought the past. Mandri knew very little about the art of divination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He knew only that the stomach was the seat of the Spark and that the organ was subdivided into regions, each with its own special significance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the stem, the gate, the portal vein, the sphincter, and so on. Most importantly, there were patterns in the folds of the interior lining. One could, with the right training, not only interpret the true meaning of events with those folds, but predict them altogether.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But his was not a functional knowledge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He did not expect, after half a finger of silent staring, that he would understand anything. Then the dissected stomach squirmed and burped up a puff of black smoke that spread unnaturally quick throughout the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It did not take a witch to interpret this sign. All knew by way of myth what a Spark looked like when it was destroyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s put a curse upon us!\u8221\'94 one Skulsi shouted, his voice cracking as he backed away from the fire-pit. Half-eaten bones clattered about his feet, causing another soldier\u8217\'92s resolve to break entirely. He fell to his knees and muttered a warding prayer while a third man took initiative. This one lowered his spear towards Elrahet and made to thrust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle raised his hand with the quiet gravity of someone who had stood in darker rooms than this. His voice, low and measured, snipped the budding panic at the root. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm yourselves,\u8221\'94 he said, and they did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, however, was not calmed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were skeletons strewn about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet had bewitched the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It would have felt good to flout these ominous things. If he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had his breath he would have done so. He could have laughed it off, or at least he could have distracted himself by accusing the room of being too well adjusted. Instead, he was forced to listen to his own pulse be metered by Moteah\u8217\'92s hand. Worse, he was forced to listen to Pyetle attempt a lecture on how good discipline and a righteous cause can conquer all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then he noticed a faint glimmer in the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He snuck his way past Elrahet, Pyetle, and the rapt crowd of soldiers.  He ventured all the way back, to the back of the room, and found, hung on the wall, an enormous golden mask in the image of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a rare Old Jandri relic, though a common design, where the facial planes were obscured by sphericality. Long, decorative lines traced the contours\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the cheeks, the chin, lips, and so on. Heavy lidded eyes lent His visage a look serenity. Mandri loved it even if the style was long outlawed by Hrk. Evidently it was sacrilegious to depict Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features with such certainty. One must not claim knowledge of such things. Only the most abstract representation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a circle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 would do. Even stretching that circle into an oval so as to suggest a jaw and masculinity was forbidden on pain of having to start all over again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This mask was huge, at least two heads tall. Hrkan sacral masks could actually be worn, but this much too large. And when Hrkan masks were out of use, they were inset into a wall or ensconced within a small wood shrine, but this one hung out in the open, mounted on a bronze plate and pillowed with opalescent lizard hides that had been polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a beautiful sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Though none of it glittered as brightly as it should.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A thin layer of dust dulled its luster. Fire-lorn ash speckled His face like freckles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All this could be forgiven because there was no one to attend to Him. What could not be forgiven was how His golden skin was darkly mottled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pure gold cannot tarnish. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Greskalun had polluted His flesh with impure metals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No wonder Solraheen did not deliver them from their doom. And worse, standing at the foot of the wall were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine. It was impossible to say for certain what this urine was for, but there was narrative proximity here which could not be ignored. Surely the Greskalun were bathing their god in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One indignity to wash away another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They should have settled for a smaller Solraheen,\u8221\'94 a creeping soldier said, in tune with Mandri\u8217\'92s own thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked from the center of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a sacral mask here!\u8221\'94 the soldier exclaimed, pointing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This drew the attention of several torches. Their approaching light pulled back the veil of shadow from the massive wall. Emblazoned there was a design which stirred a thrill of disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At the center of it all was the golden mask. Radiating out of it, in sharp sandstone relief, were one hundred and twenty overlapping triangles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rays of the sun. The number did not need to be counted for the pattern exactly matched the sigil of Hrk. Indeed, the only real difference between this wall and the design on Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s badge was how the rays all terminated into the mouths of worried faces. These faces were carved with such realism that Mandri actually felt repulsed; repulsed by the threat of skill, and repulsed by the uncanny sense of an alien presence stuck inside the stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wanted, again, to flee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrks, meanwhile, were drawn to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this doing here?\u8221\'94 one gruff fellow sneered. His warted nose sniffled as he spoke, as if even the hairs inside his nostrils were stood on end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why should these pokes honor us?\u8221\'94 asked another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honor?\u8221\'94 The warted one gasped. \u8220\'93This is defilement! They mock us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They mock Solraheen,\u8221\'94 said yet another Skulsi man. \u8220\'93The impure gold is damnable work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the matter?\u8221\'94 Elrahet jeered as she crouched beside the fire-pit. All but her face was obscured by her billowing robes. She looked like she\u8217\'92d reverted to a larval stage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you not Hrkan men?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93Will none of you bow to the sigil of your Lordship? Have your histories forgotten Shulgi already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The crowd of white cloaks were loathe to hear her speak, much less question them. Pyetle retained his composure, even if his round features were a little puffed by a rush of blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sheathed his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know better than to hold an old witch\u8217\'92s enthusiasms against her,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t even ask what you meant just now. In fact, it\u8217\'92s best you don\u8217\'92t speak at all for I fear that your poor tongue will take the chance to escape your throat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle was not done. He drew himself up as best he could. With such a straight back and proud chin, he could have looked down his nose at anyone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will only ask this,\u8221\'94 he said bluntly. \u8220\'93Where is your giant?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a menace in his bearing which was not there before. It might have been a trick of the torch, for a face uplit by a whipping flame would always be unsettling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was unmoved. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram is not here,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93because he knows this journey is doomed. In refusing to return the Mazid\u8217\'92s breath, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  have doomed it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94 Pyetle said through a chuckle. \u8220\'93And I suppose you\u8217\'92ll suggest that I doomed the world. Is that it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grunted again, while Pyetle smiled. As well as the dead prince nearby.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Every witch whines about the doom of the world,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never believed it, and I never will.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then be done with me and mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It may come to that,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said sincerely. \u8220\'93You see, the only thing I feel certain of is that something nearby needs to be killed. That may well be you. It is to be determined.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not a temple. It is a prison.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The demon we hunt is imprisoned here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Elrahet muttered as she shook her head. \u8220\'93This prison was built for Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked as he shared in his men\u8217\'92s chuckling. \u8220\'93The god of all creation? Imprisoned? Here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He escaped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would have bet that He did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you do not know the power of the word. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Duty. Honor. Oath.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  These words bind you to this place as readily as Solraheen was bound by the repetition of His name. If you had heard the chant which shattered \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Solraheen\u8217\'92 into one hundred and twenty voices\u8230\'85each voice entering on the finger, each new note adding to the chord until the wash of noise did shake the earth. Such was the echo that one and twenty blossomed into twelve and thousands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She lifted her eyes from the shadow of her cowl. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It did subdue Him, for a time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed. But how could He have possibly escaped a bunch of pokes shouting at him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His mind split and His yearning seeped into their mouths.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t quite follow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They were inviscerated with gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said with sigh. \u8220\'93Very nice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He turned away from Elrahet, shaking his head as he did so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gather up!\u8221\'94 He shouted. This snapped his men out of their fascination, and they obediently gathered into their ranks, squeezing shoulder to shoulder so long as no unseemly corpses occupied the position.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slate!\u8221\'94 Pyetle called, and the only Hrk in the room not wearing a headscarf stepped forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate was flat-faced, with wide-set eyes and a bald, gleaming pate, presumably his namesake. His blank face suggested he was not a thinking man. He even moved like a puppet, with strings pulled by Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s considerations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was struck by the sense that this man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blocky head could not, even in principle, be painted. His chin looked strong from from the front but was rather steep and weak from the side, while his nose was practically a wall from the side but barely there from any other angle. With a skull so wide and flat, no two-dimensional account of him could be made. It gave him the impression of having been sculpted by a middling artist who refused to use a reference model. Young artists were often stubborn that way. Like Pyetle. The kind of mind which needed humbling. Indeed, constructing a man like Slate would be a small sin compared to Pyetle\u8217\'92s current endeavor, which was picking and choosing which of his men would die. Slate, his apparent second in command, was to help him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle claimed they were choosing who to send to hunt down Ayram, but everyone understood knew this was only a pretext\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those sent out of the temple would be spared from certain death. Everyone else would venture deeper into this prison, down to its stomach perhaps, likely never to return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate wanted to cull the cowardly men from their adventuring party\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he pointed out the shifters, the fidgeters, the men too eager for eye contact. Curiosity, as well, was a sign of weakness. A dominant man has no need of curiosity as he knows where he stands. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle waved all these suggestions away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He opted to release the men with families, as well as the men who were nearing the end of their terms. These men were gathered and dismissed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I sense resentment,\u8221\'94 he said, addressing them all. \u8220\'93I hear you cursing me. You don\u8217\'92t say it, but I hear you thinking it. But you have it wrong\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t curse me, curse Solraheen! He is the one who put you here, not me. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 He}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  put you here.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Pyetle motioned towards the golden mask which sat at the back of the room. \u8220\'93He guided you, all through your long life, so that you would be standing here. Guided each one of you. You are not unlucky. How could you be? Get rid of that feeling. You are lucky. Remember that few get to meet Solraheen\u8217\'92s challenge with the clarity that you do now. Old men would trade the world the for the chance to go back and do what they were supposed to do when He confronted them. Here you are. What are you going to do? Will you march through that dark, fight His challenge, and kill it? I will. I may die, but I will die with the luxury of knowing exactly what I\u8217\'92ll say to Solraheen when I meet Him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What will you say, Pyetle?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll say send me back! So that I can finish the job!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A hurrah ran through the ranks, and Pyetle encouraged this bright feeling by drawing his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you survive, think of the glory that will meet you in Jeket! Think of your name being nailed to the head of a great demon as children parade it through the streets!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of the women!\u8221\'94 Slate shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The women!\u8221\'94 Pyetle repeated to a swell of cheers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Onward!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted, and he pointed sword towards the dark door set against the side of Solraheen\u8217\'92s seat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was forced to trudge along with these men. He did not share their excited visions of the afterlife. It was almost like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d completely forgotten that they\u8217\'92d just seen a Spark dissolve into dust.}}