{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The astronauts fallen to sea but also still up there, graved in frozen smoke,, and he lay awake in the night and saw that deep atlantic sky and thought this death was soaring and clean, an exalted thing, a passing of the troubled body into vapor and flame, out above the world, monogrammed, the Y of dying young.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We eventually succumb to time, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s true, but time depends on us. We carry it in our muscles and genes, pass it on to the next set of time-factoring creatures, our brown-eyed daughters and jug-eared sons, or how would the world keep going. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This girl she be real quick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A murmur of assent.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She be a running fool this girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Heads bobbing above the comic books.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why did her mother go away?\u8221\'94\line \u8220\'93She be a addict. They un, you know, predictble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All street, these kids. No home or school. Edgar wanted to gethm in a room with a blackboard and then buzz their heads with spellinga nd Punctuation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Egar knew about Ismael\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s early career\u8230\'85 He\u8217\'92d marked subway cars all over the city, his signature running on every line, and Edgar believed this was where he\u8217\'92d started having sex with men, in his teens, in the tunnels. She heard it in the spaces in his voice.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Simeon Biggs, Big Sims, was famous in the firm for his midbody girth. He was fat, bald and fifty five but also strong, with a neck and arms resembling rock maple. If he liked you enough he might trade chest thumps or invite you to race him around the block. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And he told farish how people claimed to have been present at the game who were not and how some of them honestly insisted they were there because the event had sufficient seeping power to make thme think they had to be at the polo grounds that day or else how did they feel the thing so strongly in their skin.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She intended to meet her own end with senses intact, grasp it, knkow it finally, open herself to the mystery that others mistake for something freakish and unspeakable.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sister grace believed the proof of god\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s creativity eddied from the fact that you could not surmise the life, even remotely, of his humblest shut-in.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Out here the wind was a force that seized the mind. Yuo left the high school a quarter of a mile behind still hearing the big flag snapping and the halyard bating nautically on the pole and you powered your car into the wind and saw dust sweep across the road and you drove into a white sky feeling useless and dumb.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Buds place could have been something blown in from teh hills. It had a look of being depositied in a natural spree, with lumber warping in the yard and sprung open doors and an unfinished porch on cinter blocks - one of those so-low porches the house looks sunk in the sand.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Richard thought bud kept this dog basically for the juvenile thrill of having a chained beast that he could feed or starve according to his whim. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If aetna ever had a clue to what he felt, what would she think? The fear this quiestion carried made him experience actual physical symptoms, a heat, a flush across his upper back, and a tightening at the throat. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The only person he ever talked to from the heart was sue ann. She made him feel real, talking on the phone. She gave him the feeling he was taking shape as himself, coming into the shape he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92\u8217\'92d always been inteded to take, the thing of who he really was. It was like filling out - did you ever feel things pouring out from the center of who you are and taking the shape of the intended person?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His gun was his father\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s old .38. It did not have massive knockdown power and it did not shoot through concrete blocks or make fist-size holes in silhouette targets. It just killed people.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Astonished his heart.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He heard the rain dripping off the eaves and hitting the pie tin where he left food for a stray cat when he remembered.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She ran her hand through his fire-resistant hair (toupee).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85the more I looked at it the more I thought of jimmy. The towers and birdbaths and fountains and decorated posts and bright oddments and household colors, the green of 7-up bottles and blue milk of magnesia, all the vivid tile embedded in cement the whole complex of structures and gates and panels that were built, hand-built, by one man, alone, an immigrant from somewhere near naples, probably illiterate, who left his wife and family, or maybe they left him, I wasn\u8217\'92t sure, a man whose narrative is mostly blank spaces, date of birth uncertain, until he ends up spending thirty-three years building this thing out of steel rods and broken crockery and pebbles and seashells and soda bottles and wire mesh, all hand-mortared, three thousand sacks of sand and cement, and who spends these years with glass specks crusting his hands and arms and glass dust in his eyes as he hangs from a window-washer\u8217\'92s belt high on the towers, in torn overalls and a dusty fedora, face burnt brown, with lights strung on the radial spokes so he could work at night, maybe ninety feet up , and caruso on the gramophone below. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jimmy was an edge-seeker, a plamist, inferring the future out of his own lined flesh, but he looked at his hand one day, according to my little brother, and it was blank.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When sims laughed I saw his mouth cat\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s cradled with filaments of gleaming cheese.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91I thought terrible substances were dumped routinely in ldc\u8217\'92s\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An LDC, id just found out, was aless developed country in the language of banks and other global entities.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He sat across teh table, meat face and wide body, the jut underlip, the odd little unlobed ears, round and perfectly worked, the tiny mannered ears of a sprite child.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He had a hard grin that mocked whatever facile sentiments ou might be tempted to shelter in the name of your personal conspiracy credo. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A man and woman walked across the lobby and I watched her carefully. Maybe it was the hip-sprung way she moved, high-assed and shiny, alert to surfaces, like a character in a b movie soaked in alimony and gin. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I felt a flare of competition, a duress of the spirit that warns against the shame of losing, and I hurried to catch up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A hole covered across much of the sloped bottom by an immense shimmering sheet, a polyethylene skin, silvery blue, that caught cloudmotion and rolled in the wind. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Detwiler tilted his chin, marking the small measure of amusement hi might attach to this remark. He had the canny self-assurance of an industyr maverick, the outsider who tries to roil the works, japing every complacent rule of belief. And he looked remade, retooled, shaved head and bushy mustache, a guy in firm control, with a workout coach and a nice line of credit, in a black turtleneck jersey and designer jeans. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A bird flew across the width of the crater, a finch or wren, moving with the nervous fleetness, the urgency of sundown.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He talked in his talk-show way, focused, practiced, generically intimate. He was a waste hustler, looking for book deals and documentary films, and I dont think he cared whether we were two people listening or half a million. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Choppers\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 and they passed above us with a rackety blast that sucked the air out of the car and left us limp and ducking.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ruddy white-haired guys with big ravaged noses, patriarchs of this or that industry. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I gleaned from the boys what it must be like to grow into this kind of world, how commensurate to one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s expectation of what is due - the world that moeny makes and erect bearing and clear speech and college emblems on the beds and a sense of birthright and usable history. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She sat on the shady side of the table, hands flashing when she reached for her coffe, and when the umbrella edge lifted in the breeze her face caught contour and warmth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was possible she wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t here for sex at all but only back matter, the kind of supplementary material that fills out an experience.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m not saying sex is our divinity. Please. Only that sex is the one secret we have that approximates an exalted state and that we share, two people share wordlessly more or less equally more or less, and this make it powerful and mysterious and worth sheltering.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sex is what you can get. For some people, most people, its the most important thing they can get without being born rich or smart or stealing. This is what life can give you thats equal to others or better, even , that you don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t hae to go to college six years to get. And its not religion and its not science but you can explore it and learn things about yourself. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dont look at me so closely. Youre looking too closely.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How else do I know you?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know me. You don\u8217\'92t want to know me. We\u8217\'92re in the desert here.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dont look at me}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who will I look at?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t come to this freaking outback to be analyzed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Head erect, her mouth pursed in mock self-rigteousness.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I felt a breath of estrangement in the room and thought she might be a voyeur of her own experience, living at an angle to the moment, and recording in some state of future-mind. But then she pulled me down, snatched a fistful o fhair and pulled me into a kiss, and there was a heat in her, a hungry pulse that resembled a gust of being. We were patched together grappling and straining, not enough hands to grab each other, not nearly sufficient body to press upon the other, we wanted more hold and grip, a sort of mapped contact, bodies matching point for point, and I raised up and saw how small she looked, naked nad abed, how completely different from teh woman of the movietone aura in the hotel lobby. She was near to real earth now, the sex-grubbed dug-up self, and I felt close to her and thought I knew her finally even as she shut her eyes to hide herself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I said her name.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We were hollowed out loike scooped guava when it was over. Our limbs ached and I had a desert thirst and we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d killed the morning off. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 she fell into pretend sleep, leave-me-alone sleep, but I eased onto the blanket and pressed myself upon her, breathing the soft heat of her brow and tasting at the end of my tongue the smallest beadlets of fever. I heard room maids talking in the hall and knew we were gone from each other\u8217\'92s life, already and forever.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He went through the process in lushest detail, stroking certain words, drawing them out, oozy, swampy, semisolid, thick,slick,sludge.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What gusto he managed to salvage from our punishing run, eyes wide and voice strong - he made it sound like a personal attack.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Outside he caught a wiff in the air, a faint sort of stinkhole odor, barely detectable but odd in its emotional force. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe there was a shift in the breeze. He noted the smell again and found it moved him in strange ways, one of those smells that traces back through memory, musty and earthy in this particular case, and he felt an unaccountable urge to follow it to its source.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The shock, the power of an ordinary life. It is a thing you could not invent with banks of computers in a dust-free room.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pick up your feet when you walk. You\u8217\'92re a healthy man who tries to look sick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She did not quibble or carp, she spoke ently to him, she was better than he deserved, writing postcards when she went back home to visit - imagine getting a postcard from your wife.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then she stopped dead, going rigid in her brilliant slicker.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She said the word with a grimace of susicion, the response reserved for certain smells, clutching up the mouth and nose, beading the eyes agianst the sight of criminal matter at the source.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He realized this was probably a normal part of every early marriage, smelling the other\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s smell, getting it over and done with so you can move ahead with your lives, have children, buy a little house, remember everybody\u8217\'92s birthday, take a drive on the blue ridge parkway, get sick and die. But in this case the husband had to take extreme precautions because the odor was shameful, it was intense and deeply personal and seemed to say something awful about the bearer.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His BMs (bowel movements) grew steamier as they traveled up through eastern poland. They argued with workers in a stand-up bar, men drinking morning mugs of beer. They argued with a woman who did ticket prices on an abacus. He was surprised by the heat in the little room, the steamy aura he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d established there, it was heavy and humid, an air mass of sweltry stench - all that radiant energy from a single BM.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lucky for him that eleanor went first every day. Because she shouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have to confront this, an english girl with hair that\u8217\'92s nearly blond. He made sure she never passed a toilet he\u8217\'92d just used.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He grunted on the seat until all the elements issued - earth, air, fire and water. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The deeper into communist country, the more foul his BMs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Avram was a dedicated communist with a beetled brow and he spat little word-flecks of contempt at the u.s., the system is corrupt, we will eat you for lunch, you ar a what-do-you-call-it kind of culture, a mickey mouse culture, and that night marvin had to make an emergency visit to the hotel toilet, where he unleashed a firewall of chemical waste. The smell that surrounded him was infused with what, with geopolitics, and he waved a towel for five minutes and propped open the window, it kept closing, with a rolled up copy of pravda, he was still loking for baseball scores, and then he went and stood in their room and watched elanor sleep - she came from a gentle rural place and could easily perish from his reek.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It grated on marvin to hear these things from a man so sel-fassured who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a total nobody, a little guy who pushed upward when he talked, with two false teeth made of stainless steel, he\u8217\'92s the shiniest applinance insight. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And on his way back to western europe his system slowly returned to normal, branny BMs, healthful and mild.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Marvin do you plan to wear it?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She was talking about his toupee.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I need it for how I see myself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He also needid it because it took the edge off his large ears and sorrowful marvin nose.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Twenty minutes later they walked along the street, umbrellas up, it was raining lightly, a few panhandlers about, a woman in a mohawk nd white makeup punching a doomsday leaflet into the belt buckle of marvin\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s raincoat. Peace is coming - be prepared. Most of the shops were open despite the hour or because of the hour and they were almost all below street level so you peered over a guardrail to see what they were selling, role reversal rubber goods or Endangered fashions - jackets made from the skin of disappearing species.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They went to a hole-in-the-wall place, a lot of cracked plaster and roachy baseboards and a stock of arare recordings. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A boy walked by in clothes so raggedy he could have been a ticker-tape parade.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was a place called the conspriacy theory cafe. Shelves filled with books, film reels, sound tapes, official government reports in blue binders. Elanor wanted to have a coffee and brows byt marvin waved the place off - a series of sterile exercises. He believed the well-springs were deeper and less detectable, deeper and shallower both, look at billboards and matchbooks, trademarks on products, birthmarks on bodies, look at the behaviour of your pets.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The largest shop was at street level, a dozen men standing around, furtive, in raincoats, looking at old copies of national geographic. These were used magazines, used and handled, lived-with, and the address labels were attached, machine-stamped and ink-smudged and skin-greasy, and printed on the labels were the names and addresses of real people out there in magazine america, and the men in raincoats stood by tables and bins and read the labels and leafed through the magazines, heads never lifting.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Marvin did not think these men were interested in photos of wolf packs on the tundra at sunset. It was something else they sought, a forgotten human murmur, maybe, a sense of families in little heartland houses with a spaniel flop-eared on the rug, a sense of snug innocence and the undiscovered world outside, the vast geographic. A pornography of nostalgia, maybe, or was it something else completely?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And was there a back room, because isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t there always a back room, another splintering of desire, a little more refined and personalized, and in the back room weren\u8217\'92t the magazines cased in acetate folders, maybe these were rare issues or rare labels, or maybe the folders themselves were the fetish items here, dust-veneered, handled, nearly opaque some of them, a dullish sort of plastic with a faint odor and propohylactic feel, like condoms for rading matter, and maybe there\u8217\'92s another room where you need to whisper a password and this is the room with folders only, empty folders, ahandled a thousand times, and elanor was completely creeped out by this place, it was more than she\u8217\'92d bargained for, raincoated men with national geographics, furtively thumbing the labels.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tommy had a smile so slight and fleeting it could only be photographed on film stock developed by nasa.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Odysseus honor is everything, thats why he kills all the suitors and the slaves. Shows he is not to be fucked with.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the great deep danger of night.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d known sims and glassic a long time and glassic, freckled freestyle brian, a man o fshambling charm, was the guy I talked to when I talked about something. I talked to big sims but maybe I talked to glassic more readily because he did not challenge me with his own experience, he did not narrow his eyes as sims did and fix me in his gaze.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sims had a derisive smile, a fleer, and it grew meaner by the second.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guy buys homerun baseball to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93commemorate failure.\u8221\'94 A relic of failure, not success. Love that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To commemorate failure. To have that moment in my hand when branca turned and watched the ball go into the stands - from him to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Even his name. Somber ralph Branca. Like a figure out of an old epic. Somber plodding Ralph slain in something something dusk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 MOVe this To SALAVAN AND PYETLE! - maybe have this be the introduction of the knife.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s it like to have to live with one awful moment?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A moment in a game,\u8221\'94 she sade.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Forever plodding across the outfield grass on your way to the clubhouse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sims was getting mad at us.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think you fellows see the point.\u8221\'94 The way he said fellows. \u8220\'93What loss? What failure are we talking about? Didn\u8217\'92t they all go home happy in the end? I mean branca - branca\u8217\'92s got the number thirteen on his license plate. He wants us to know he was the guy. Branca and thomson appear at soprts dinners all the time. They sing songs and tell jokes. Theyre the longst-running act in show business. You fellows miss the point.\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Making us sound like scrubbed boys in preppy jackets. (Mandri) }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Branca\u8217\'92s a hero. I mean Branca was given every chance to survive this gae and we all know why.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A little pall fell across the table.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because he\u8217\'92s white,\u8221\'94 Sims said. \u8220\'93Because the whole thing is white. Because you can survive and endure and prosper if they let you. BUt you have to be white before they let you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Glassic shifted in his chair.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sims told the story of a pitcher named donnie moore who gave up a crusical home run in a plyoff game and ended up shooting his wife. Donnie moore was black and the player who hit the home run was black. And then he shot and killed hiimself. He shot his wife several times, nonfatally, and then shot himself. He took a dirt nap in his own laundry room, sims said. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 Donnie moore was not allowed to outlive his failure. The fans gave him every grief and there weren\u8217\'92t any skits at the baseball dinners.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Farish sat in a thoughtful knot, arms and legs crossed, body twisted toward the window, yielding to the power of our differences.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dark deni twill of the outer cloth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her skin was Camay-pure and her hair was dark and straight and she usually wore it short because short was easy. Her voice was shaped, it was deep and toned, sort of vowel round and erotic, particularly over the phone or in the bedroom dark, with brandy static in it or just hte slightest throat thing of night desire.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This is how brian relieves the pressure of being brian.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have to cut it thick. Thats what he said about the bread, the round crusty loaf he called campobasso bread, after the name of the store, which itself was named for a mountain town on the spine of italy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 >>> }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have to keep it thick. Thats what made the beard, the round crusty beard called the campobasso beard, after the name of the great general, who was himself named for a mountain.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When Lainie had her baby, her girl, I felt a soft joy settle in my chest. Or a solace, maybe, an easing of some perennial clutch or grab, some taunt of malehood. All these women now, from my mother in her pale green room to this raw arrival kicking in mortal fret, all gathered near the chimneypiece. It was a kindness that the child should be a girl. I felt an expansive ease, an unthrobbing of some knot in my body. I watched her naked in her mother\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s arms, swimming in a ribbon of light.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Marian leaned into me and laughed, watching the land surface expand around us. It was first light, a foil shimmer at desert\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s edge. At three hundred feet we caught a mild westerly and drifted toward the eyelid slice of the sun. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We leaned close, my arm around her, our thighs pressing, and we were rocked and whirled, although not turning - whirled within ourselves, blood-whirled into a quickened sense. I had my free hand around an iron bar, part of the rigid frme connecting the basket to the load cables, and I could feel the metal breathe in my fist.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flipped the pages with a crispness that would have seemed short tempered to someone who didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know her habits.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How an idle thumb likes to worry the scuffed horsehide. You squeeze a baseball. You kind of juice it or milk it. The resistance of the packed material makes you want to press harder. Theres an equilibrium, an agreeable animal tension between the hard leather object and the sort of clawed hand ,veins stretching with the ffort. And the feel of raised seams cross the fingertips, cloth contours like road bumps under the knuckle joints - how the whorled cotton can be seen as a magnified thumbprint, a blowup of the convoluted ridges on the pad of your thumb. The ball was a deep sepia, veneered wit hdirt and turf and generational sweat - it was old, bunged up, it was bashed and tobacco- juiced and stained by natural processes and by the lives behind it, weather-spattered and charactered as a seafront house.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You used to have the same dimensions as the observable universe. Now you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re a lost speck.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Injured surprise - won an argument didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even know you were having.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His mind is in the throes of this and that. He ses the food inthe plate and has to remind himself what it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s there for.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Brian was shamed by other men\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s obsessions. They exposed his own middling drift, the voice he heard, soft, faint and faraaway, that told him not to bother.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The swerve of her thigh lines hidden under her shirt.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He puts the plate in the sink when he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s finished and then decides to wash it and dry it and he does this fastidiously, plus untensils. He knows he ought to fix the drip in the faucet but we can save that for a day when there\u8217\'92s a little free time. He puts the plate in the cabinet, whisper soft.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  this almost is purely scenesetting, even from delillo.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ivie comes in and does not look at him. She has a way of not looking at him that ought to be studied by science. Thats how good she is at doing it, sweeping the room with her look but missing him completely - a thing science ought to investigate for military use.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A depth in her eyes that she dared her sons to interpret - th egnaw, the rankling pain that sits inside the good-natured telling. And the voice in its factual carry, vowels extended and bent a bit, a sound out of the old streets, the old demotic song gone to the near suburbs now, and a slight irish pitch teasing the piece from somewhere deep in childhood.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She got the italian without the family, the boy who just showed up, like a shadow off a wall. She didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t mind that at first. She liked it. She didn\u8217\'92t want relatives turning up with a pastry in white boxes. She liked his slimness, his lack of attachments. But then she began to see what this meant. The only thing preserved in the man\u8217\'92s dark body was a kid in empty space, the shifty boy on the verge of using up his luck.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Every subject, ground down and sifted through, yielded a little nicky, or a version of the distant adult, or the adolescent half lout looking to hit someone. These were the terms of kinship.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He made dinner for them and they kept a fan going because the air conditioner seemed to be running at half strength.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mercedes was heavy, disposed to gesture, swaing in the chair, hand-sweeping, but ably taking care of feeble eddie, the imposter, the aching and stiff-jointed and gasping man. The old eddie of the subways was a robust guy, selling tokens from a booth in that cinema dimness of bad air and sprocketing trains, immune to the h ell rattle of the express, and she tended him now with expert love, with knowledge and command, and when she got mad at something it made albert want to hide because he was a coward of blunt emotion, things met head-on and direct.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He had no idea how to cut hair. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d done eddie\u8217\'92s hair a number of times but hadn\u8217\'92t worked out a method. He paused often to study the effect, snipping, stepping back. Mercedes did not stay around to watch. Working slowly, snipping. The idea was to get the hair off the guy\u8217\'92s head and onto the floor. Mercedes did not seem to think this was a thing she had to see.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  convert to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91the idea is to get the guy\u8217\'92s blood out of his body and onto the ground.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Righteous eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Biggest difference is you see in old people what they were}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He could know her, almost know her, feel her innocence through the music, know the girl again, the spinsterly twelve-year-old who walked behind her parents in the street, he could see her in the face of the somber older sister, she was almost there, the girl, in the pouches and moles and smoky hair.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t realized she was still alive, sister edgar, how remarkable, the same blade face and bony hands, hurrying, a spare frame shaped by rustling garmets.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When klara left him it turned something loose, a rant, an unworded voice that incited feelings so varied and confused and bled-together, so resistant to separation and scrutiny that he felt helpless in its surge. It was a hindrance to living. It made him distrust the man he was supposed to be, soft-spoken, well-spoken, gently reflective. Oh that btich and how unworthy of him to think of her that way. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A woman marooned in introversion.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shake his muscles loose.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The old nun rose at dawn, feeling pain in every joint. She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d been rising at dawn since her days as a postulant, kneeling on hardwood floors to pray. First she raised the shade. That\u8217\'92s creation out there, little green apples and infectious disease. Then she knelt in the folds of the white nightgown, fabric endlessly laundered, beaten with swirled soap, left gristled and stiff. Sister alma edgar. And the body beneath, the spindly thing she carried through the world, chalk pale mostly, and speckled hands with high veins, and cropped hair that was fine and flaxy gray, and her bluesteel eyes- many a boy and girl of old saw thsoe peepers in their dreams.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sister grace believed the proof of god\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s creativity eddied from the fact that you could not surmise the life, even remotely, of his humblest shut\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 in.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And edgar thought of all the infants in limbo, unbaptized, babies in the seminether, and the nonbabies of abortion, a cosmic cloud of slushed fetuses floating in the rings of saturn, and babies born without immunes systems, bubble children raised by computer, and babies born addicted - she saw them all the time, three-pound newborns with crack habits who resembled something out of peasant folklore.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They saw a prostitue whose silicone breasts had leaked, ruptured and finally exploded one day, sending a polymer whiplash across the face of the man on top of her, and she was unemployed now, living in a room the size of a playpen.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They saw a man who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d cut his eyeball out of its socket because it contained a stanic symbol, a five-pointed star, and edgar talked to this one, he\u8217\'92d popped his eyeball from his head and then severed the connecting tendons with a knife.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That night she leaned over the washbasin in her room and cleaned a steel wool pad with disinfectant. Then she used the pad to scour a scrub rush, cleaning every bristle. But she hadn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t cleaned the original disinfectant in something stronger than disinfectant. She hadn\u8217\'92t done this because the regression was infinite. And the regression was infinite because it is called infinite regression. You see how fear spreads beyond the push extrusions of matter and into the elevated spaces where words play upon themselves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Richard thought bud kept the this dog basically for the juvenile thrill of having a chained beast that he could feed or starve according to his whim.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was empty distraction that forestalls the pain of ordinary talk.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not so you notice. Okay. You want to feel your correct age. Get yourself a wife. That\u8217\'92ll doit for you. It\u8217\'92s horrible but true. A wife is the only thing that can save guys like us. But they don\u8217\'92t make you feel any younger.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Richard fidgeted happily in his corner. He liked the idea of being included in the femal salvation of wayward me.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If aetna ever had a clue to what he felt, what would she think? The fear this question carried made him experience actual physical symptoms, a heat, a flush across his upper back, and a tightening of the throat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He thought of something else to say.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Left-handers\u8230\'85.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Because this was the only way to escape, to get out from under the pissant details of who he was.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He looked heavenward.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mouth cat\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s-cradled with the filaments of gleaming cheese.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sims went over and collard him, literally, got him in a headlock and mock-pummeled his shaved dome. They were }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe it was the hip-sprung way she moved, high-assed and shiny, alert to surfaces, like a character in a B movie soaked in alimony and gin. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A ray of relief strafed Gemma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The last dregs of fight drained out of her }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3rd person limited}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Manx is surprised by the super\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attitude, knocked a little off-balance. The super seems determined. Should be the landlord\u8217\'92s problem. Why run around doing detective workd? Let the landlord go into his pocket for replacements. Those pockets so deep the man\u8217\'92s knees get skinned by rattling change.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Manx needs a drink. He hurries up Amsterdam past a TV-radio store where a TV is flickering and half a dozen people are watching in the cold.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 White noise}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The conscientious suntans. The well-made faces and wry looks. They feel a sense of renewal, of communal recognition. The women crisp and alert, in diet trim, knowing people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s names. Their husbands content to measure out the time, distant but ungrudging, accomplished in parenthood, something about them suggesting massvie insurance coverage. This assembly of station wagons, as much as anythign they might do in the course of the year, more than formal liturgies or laws, tells the parents they are a collection fo the like-minded and the spirtually akin, a people, a nation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ample women do not plan such things. THey lack the guile for conspiracies of the body.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THey\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve grown comfortable with their money, I said. \u8220\'93They genuinly believe they\u8217\'92re entitled to it. This conviction gives them a kind of rude health. They glow a little.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s looking to stare the man down, put the man in his place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Veins at the temples.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Head is naked and veined and papery. A head like a hatched egg that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all veined out, and three kids race by, and a face so naked you think you\u8217\'92ve known him all your life, pants cuffed tight, and some kids race by.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That night, seconds after going to sleep, I seemed to fall through myself, a shallow heart-stopping plunge. Jarred awake, I stared into the dark, realizing I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d experienced the more or less normal muscular contraction known as the myoclonic jerk. Is this what it\u8217\'92s like, abrupt, peremptory? Shouldn\u8217\'92t death, I thought, be a swan dive, graceful, white-winged and smooth, leaving the  surface undisturbed?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blue jeans tumbled in the dryer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d like to see an alka-seltzer is what he\u8217\'92d like to see, sizzling down the length of a cold glass of water.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He paces himself to the crowd, feeling pulled along, feeling frankly happy to be among them, and theyre carrying food and chairs, webbed chairs for the bech that fold up light, and they have sleeping bags strapped to their backs, a dozen college boys with their hair clipped short, and they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re passing thermos bottles that smoke up when you screw off the lid, strong coffee to keep them awake and warm.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He sees fathers and sons standing around the fires to warm themselvse, masses of people if you could count them, and mounted police with horses breathing steam, and he feels a rare elation, a wanting-to-be-among-them, and he is pulled along a little slack -jawed because its a great thing to see, and they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re singing roaring warring songs, they\u8217\'92re back-and-forthing on the street with rough-and-tumble humor, all these ball fans striding toward the ticket lines at two or three in the morning or whatever the actual hour. Manx is wearing a watch that stopped running six weeks ago. This is a situation he will direct his attention to when his life gets back to being regular.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A wrought iron table that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s spored along its curved legs with oxide blight, and mabye those are old french roses climbing the chimney pot, a color called maiden\u8217\'92s blush, or a long terrace with a slate surface and birsch trees in copper tubs and the laughter of a dozen people sounding small and precious in the night, floating over the could soup toaward skylings and domes an d water tanks, or a hurry-up lunch, an old friend, beach chairs and takeout chinese and how the snapdragons smell buttery in the sun.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was so humid some nights ou could not close your door. You had to shoulder your door closed. Bridges expanded and sidewalks cracked and there was garbage in the streets and you had to sort of talk to your door before it would close for you.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A loser\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s bent frame. All head and hands.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And she tried to listen to the woman but could not concentrate because the name lit up her brain, one of those deep sheer flashes that take forty years to happen.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The old muled vowels}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Longing on a large scale is what makes history. This is just a kid with a local yearning but he is part of an assembling crowd, anonymous thousands off the buses and trains, people in narrow columns tramping over the swing bridge above the river, and even if they are not a migration or a revolution, some vast shaking of the soul, they bring witht hem the body heat of a great city and their own small reveries and desperations, the unseen something that haunts the day\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 men in fedoras and sailors on shore leave, the stray tumble of their thoughts, going to a game.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The sky is low and gray, the roily gray of sliding surf.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He stands at the curbstone with the others. He is the youngest, at fourteen, and you know he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s flat broke by the dedgy leaning look he hangs on his body. He has never done this before and he doesn\u8217\'92t know any of the others and only two or three of them seem to know eachother but they can\u8217\'92t do this thing singly or in pairs so they have tfound one another by means of slidy looks that detect the fellow foolhard and here they stand, black kids and white kids up from the subways or off the local harlem streets, lean shadows, bandidos, fifteen in all, and according to topical legend maybe four will get through for every one that\u8217\'92s caught.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  They are waiting nervously for the ticket holders to clear the turnstiles, the last loose cluster of fans, the stragglers and loiterers. They watch the late arriving taxis from downtown and  the brilliantined men stepping dapper to the windows, policy bankers and supper club sweels and broadway hotshot, high aura\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d, picking lint off their mo-hair sleeves. They stand at the curb and watch without seeming to look, wearing the sourish air of corner hangabouts. All the hubbub has died down, the pregame babble and swirl, vendors working the jammed sidewalks waving scorecards and pennants and calling out in ancient singsong, scraggy men hustling buttons and caps, all dispersed now, gone to their roomlest in the beatenstreets.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They are at the curbstone, waiting. Their eyes are going grim, sending out less light. Somebody takes his hadns out of his pockets. They are waiting and then they go, one of them goes, a mick who shouts }{\f3\fs24\b0\i1 Geronimo}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There are four turnstiles just beyond the pari of ticket booths. The youngest boy is also the scrawniest, Cotter Martin by name, scrawny tall in a polo shirt and dungarees and trying not to feel doom-struck\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s located near the tail of the rush, running and shouting with the others. You shout because it makes you brave or you want to announce your recklessness. They have made their faces into scream masks, tight-eyed, with stretchable mouths, and they are running hard, trying to funnel themselves through the lanes between the booths, and they bump hips and elbows and keep the shout going. The faces of the ticket sellers hang behind the windows like onions on strings.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cotter sees the first jumpers go over the bars. Two of them jostle in the  air and come down twisted and asprawl. A ticket taker puts a headlock on one of them and his cap comes loose and skims down his back and he reaches for it with a blind swipe and at the same time\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 everything\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s at the same time\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 he eyes the other hurdlers to keep from getting stepped on. They are running and hurdling. It\u8217\'92s a witless form of flight with bodies packed in close and the gate-crashing becoming real. They are jumping too soon or too late and hitting the posts and radial bars, doing cartoon\u8230\'85.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The shout of the motley boys comes banging off the deep concrete.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ..showing the cop a little finger-wag bye-bye.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He surprises himself this way every so often, doing some gaudy thing that whistles up out of unsuspected whim.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He runs up a shadowed ramp and into a crossweave of girders and pillars and spilling light. He hears the crescendoing last chords of the national anthem and sees the great open horseshoe of the grandstand and that unfolding vision of the grass that always seems to mean he has stepped outside his life\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 the rubbed shine that sweeps and bends from the raked dirt of the infield out of the high green fences. It is the excitement of a revealed thing. He runs at quarter speed craning to see the rows of seats, looking for an inconspicuous wedcge behidn a pillar. He wacuts into an aisle in section 35 and walks down into the heat and smell of the massed fans, he walks into the smoke that hangs from the underside of the second deck, he hears the talk, he enters the deep buzz, he hears the warm-up pitches crack int o the catcher\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s mitt, a series of reports that carry a comet\u8217\'92s tail of secondary sound.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the radio boot hthey\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re talking about the crowd. Looks like thirty-five thousand and how do you figure it. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85the pennant race that has brought the city to a strangulated rapture, an end-shudder requiring a German loanword to put across the mingling of pleasure and dread and suspense, and when you think about the blood loyalty\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An iron mist. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Iron skies.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}