{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb and gugi find mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body in the ravine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bring to elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet is like, curious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They spy the enemy on the horizon}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram comes, learns of the body, says that is where the ambush will be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tells gugi he is to be the shemdraha.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb argues. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, you are a weed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Set up ambush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet chant of the lizard to bring the fog.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambush happens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd beams of light shooting out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi suicide bombs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wake up in cave of Mandri and Mazyd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri thinks he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s in the underworld.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Died in a ravine. More or less suicide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd says he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blah blah balh}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb and hill come to take the two out into the pit cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd runs off, seb chases, hill leads mandri to the other Iramuun and assists with the chase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is introduced to a few of the characters of Ayramun, notably Sob and Moteah.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Huge ass ayram comes out of cave carrying Mazid Oro.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plumps him in the middle of the cave. Hill and Seb follow suit and take up places.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All the ayramun fall silent and kneel before their lord.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram tells elrahet to fetch purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence after she goes into cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the meantime, Mazyd Oro tries to gauge his captors intent by provoking them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stands up, insults them for not meting out justice upon him for their fellow comrades, must not care about them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram is not perturbed. Perfect discipline amongst his followers. Says, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are a puppet,\u8221\'94 to Mazyd oro, can\u8217\'92t get to me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Out comes elrahet and Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To test Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s command of Mazyd oro, he tells her to tell Oro to kneel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The test fails.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram questions Mazyd Oro why he does not do his new keeper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bidding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd obfuscates the answer refuses to elaborate unless he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s given something in return, \u8216\'91to show that we can work together, operate on the principle of carrot and not the stick\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram makes a show of not giving him anything. Says he thinks Purl can learn to control Mazyd in time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mayd is like, if you give me water ill givei you your life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram is like, wut, you aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t in contrl}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd is like, im bout to be, bitch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 AMBUSH pt.2}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Body drops down into pit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ambush is on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scramble. Then a voice shouting don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Uh uh. Dont move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd gets up and fetches the blanket that purl had dropped. Gets shot with an arrow in the shoulder. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its me you idiots!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shadow leaping and bounding down through the shadows of the rocks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forgive me, lord.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lines them up for slaughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shadow sentil. It is my duty to inform you that I am no longer in possession of all my faculties.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opens up his blanket, shows the scar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shadow puts sword to throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh my goodness gracious. What a wonderful turn of events.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I see so much as a faint glow coming out your throat, your head is coming off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Relax, my new keeper is the girl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unconscious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even if she were awake she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to do anything.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I may ask one last request. A swig of water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Captain!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes sir!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, if the leader of this rabble could give it. That would be wonderful. If he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s willing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It would humor me. Man gave up so much to grab be, only to have to honor my last wish. Might humble him, before his end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Very well. You!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only if he wishes to do it. He can say no.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram does it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There, that was painless, wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Mazyd blasts the shadow and all the shadow\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s men.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram is not convinced that it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the girl doing it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrong. Were\u8217\'92 supposed to have control of him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayramun are in a state of confusion and disarray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why did you do that? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To show you that we can work together. See, you have something I want. In exchange I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m willing to offer you a service. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The smouldering corpses. Ayram is like, fuck no, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re evil. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram give him the cold shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram decides they need to flee to minting rock because this position is unsafe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is responsible for handling mazyd.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 THey get to minting rock, which is a weak spring inside a cave of rock in the middle of the desert. Minting rock because that is were Ayramun would mint counterfeit currency.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Start to have a discussion about what to do next. Intro what Mazyd wants: You have some ability to control the spark. I want that. I want to be released from the binds that chain me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interrupted by sight of travelers on the horizon. How did they find us. Mazyd reveals there is a tracker inside of him that shades are drawn to. There is no escape. Not going to help this time unless we can come to a deal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram is like, we can deal with this ourselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a skirmish???}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Decide to head to shagota - Salavan is the only person who knows the mazydai outside of the guild. (Salavan was a former guild member who was expelled because he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the right temperment). Ayram reluctantly agrees, but has misgivings about salavan - that man is evil. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t all go. Taking the mazyd through the city. We need to bring salavan to us.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyrograph writing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cock-feather at right angles to the knock.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lashing one to another - a style of whipping}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pytele on farm, failed farm. Owes debts to citystate. Woman in service to Salavan has come to collect on those debts. Tells Pyetle that he is salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s slave now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Woman kills pytele\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle kills woman in return and freaks out and sets off to kill Salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Takes some shrooms before heading to Shagota}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trips out on his way to salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house, which is like a fucking huge place on central hill.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Burgeonsight lets pyetel see smoke in salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mansion, twisted faces. Thins are off}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Burgeon gives will to the girl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Make a show of some guards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shows up, salavan seems to be expecting him, is like, great that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re entering my service. Your artistic skills should be put to good use. - hint at alterations he\u8217\'92s made to mural.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been chosen. Given this talent, but you\u8217\'92ve lost the urge. I\u8217\'92m going to help you get that urge back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle gets placed in a chamber of secret room.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan begins brewing some kind of concoction. Ties pyetle up. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to have to wait out those burgeons you took. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto/Hill/and another are sent to kidnap Salavan. Interrupt the little proceeding. Meet up with others out in the desert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Said you had some books on mazyd}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You cant take those}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Were taking you too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan is like you have no right - kidnapping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone looks around at pyetle who is all tied up - like wtf are *you* doing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - switch to Mandri, Moto, Moteah, Sob, and fiveish others - adventure in the desert}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah helps Mandri get his bearings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His role in the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is very much like, WTF is going on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ask to come back. I died for a reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you killed yourself earlier, you didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it with a blade, ro with poison. Why was that? Death by heat? Were you going somewhere?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Queue Moto setting mandri up against beasts where he has to defend himself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri goes help! }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tosses him a blade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I ask because the first thing you have to do is be able to defend yourself. To do that you have to want to defend yourself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you wanted to die?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Return to Pyetle/Moto/et.al. Out on the river}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amongst the horde of barges heading towards Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through the grasslands - impossible for Hrk to blockade. Going to have to get off before they reach the ankle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While on the barge Moto brings them up to speed about what is going on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something happens.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Join up with rest of crew in outskirts of city - underworld sequence - but not underworld.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crab battle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - feasting on crab - kalemits show up.\tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kalemites}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Take them to old ruins.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Captured by Hrkan shade}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Into Jeket}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some kind of Royal court }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Freed by Moon worshippers Salavan}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need to go get mazyd.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Into dungeons. Slaughtering. Conan esque romp into the dwelling place of Solraheen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Free the god}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You cant take those books! Those are priceless!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are they? Well how much are you worth, because we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re taking you too.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shave his head, cover his scares make sure his hands are tied so he can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flash any signs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beer pouring ritual - proceeds to the Gipar where he again libates beer into stone containers, sacrifices animals, and has the drums sounded. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan wants Pyetle because:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mission is to unlock \u8220\'93Solraheen\u8221\'94 for in the prophecy it says that only with Solraheen\u8217\'92s death can Moon come again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pyetle is premier artist in the land. Or he *was*. In Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heretical religion, Artists are the highest of the highest caste. Artists are the ones who come closest to minds touching, the way it is *supposed* to be, all unified in the Urguma (the divine spark). those who feel compelled by nature to rejoin with others and so they create. There is nothing more sacred, other than death. The highest tier of the highest cast - above even the philosophers and priests, for while the philosopher priests study the Urge, the artists are driven by it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}