{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {W/ buckley - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is original sin therefore we got to use napalm\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {When confronted with the scenario of column of germans going to kill 100,000 jews at buchewald, would he kill the germans, ginsberg says you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re trying to put the goose back in the bottle when there is a different bottle. He says we have lots of money, lets pay off ho chi minh.}
\par\plain {What if ho chi minh takes the money and genocides anyways? AKA Putin. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a braindead take, rooted in the rejection of the **fact** that others are operating within in defined boundaries that say the best thing to do is kill a whole lot of people. He thinks the cause of their paranoia is our paranoia. Two mirrors reflecting eachother. Questionir brings up hitler, chamberlain tried to buy him out. Ginsberg\u8217\'92s respons is if first you don\u8217\'92t succeed try try again.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {- 5th hour of LSD}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Wales Visitation}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 White fog lifting & falling on mountain-brow\line Trees moving in rivers of wind\line The clouds arise\line as on a wave, gigantic eddy lifting mist\line above teeming ferns exquisitely swayed\line along a green crag\line glimpsed thru mullioned glass in valley raine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line \line \line Bardic, O Self, Visitacione, tell naught\line but what seen by one man in a vale in Albion,\line of the folk, whose physical sciences end in Ecology,\line the wisdom of earthly relations,\line of mouths & eyes interknit ten centuries visible\line orchards of mind language manifest human,\line of the satanic thistle that raises its horned symmetry\line flowering above sister grass-daisies\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 pink tiny\line bloomlets angelic as lightbulbs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line \line \line Remember 160 miles from London\u8217\'92s symmetrical thorned tower\line & network of TV pictures flashing bearded your Self\line the lambs on the tree-nooked hillside this day bleating\line heard in Blake\u8217\'92s old ear, & the silent thought of Wordsworth in eld Stillness\line clouds passing through skeleton arches of Tintern Abbey\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line Bard Nameless as the Vast, babble to Vastness!\line \line \line All the Valley quivered, one extended motion, wind\line undulating on mossy hills\line a giant wash that sank white fog delicately down red runnels\line on the mountainside\line whose leaf-branch tendrils moved asway\line in granitic undertow down\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line and lifted the floating Nebulous upward, and lifted the arms of the trees\line and lifted the grasses an instant in balance\line and lifted the lambs to hold still\line and lifted the green of the hill, in one solemn wave\line \line \line A solid mass of Heaven, mist-infused, ebbs thru the vale,\line a wavelet of Immensity, lapping gigantic through Llanthony Valley,\line the length of all England, valley upon valley under Heaven\u8217\'92s ocean\line tonned with cloud-hang,\line \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Heaven balanced on a grassblade.\line Roar of the mountain wind slow, sigh of the body,\line One Being on the mountainside stirring gently\line Exquisite scales trembling everywhere in balance,\line one motion thru the cloudy sky-floor shifting on the million feet of daisies,\line one Majesty the motion that stirred wet grass quivering\line to the farthest tendril of white fog poured down\line through shivering flowers on the mountain\u8217\'92s head\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line \line \line No imperfection in the budded mountain,\line Valleys breathe, heaven and earth move together,\line daisies push inches of yellow air, vegetables tremble,\line grass shimmers green\line sheep speckle the mountainside, revolving their jaws with empty eyes,\line horses dance in the warm rain,\line tree-lined canals network live farmland,\line blueberries fringe stone walls on hawthorn\u8217\'92d hills,\line pheasants croak on meadows haired with fern\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line \line \line Out, out on the hillside, into the ocean sound, into delicate gusts of wet air,\line Fall on the ground, O great Wetness, O Mother, No harm on your body!\line Stare close, no imperfection in the grass,\line each flower Buddha-eye, repeating the story,\line myriad-formed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line Kneel before the foxglove raising green buds, mauve bells dropped\line doubled down the stem trembling antennae,\line & look in the eyes of the branded lambs that stare\line breathing stockstill under dripping hawthorn\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line I lay down mixing my beard with the wet hair of the mountainside,\line smelling the brown vagina-moist ground, harmless,\line tasting the violet thistle-hair, sweetness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line One being so balanced, so vast, that its softest breath\line moves every floweret in the stillness on the valley floor,\line trembles lamb-hair hung gossamer rain-beaded in the grass,\line lifts trees on their roots, birds in the great draught\line hiding their strength in the rain, bearing same weight,\line \line \line Groan thru breast and neck, a great Oh! to earth heart\line Calling our Presence together\line The great secret is no secret\line Senses fit the winds,\line Visible is visible,\line rain-mist curtains wave through the bearded vale,\line gray atoms wet the wind\u8217\'92s kabbala\line Crosslegged on a rock in dusk rain,\line rubber booted in soft grass, mind moveless,\line breath trembles in white daisies by the roadside,\line Heaven breath and my own symmetric\line Airs wavering thru antlered green fern\line drawn in my navel, same breath as breathes thru Capel-Y-Ffn,\line Sounds of Aleph and Aum\line through forests of gristle,\line my skull and Lord Hereford\u8217\'92s Knob equal,\line All Albion one.\line \line \line What did I notice? Particulars! The\line vision of the great One is myriad\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line smoke curls upward from ashtray,\line house fire burned low,\line The night, still wet & moody black heaven\line starless\line upward in motion with wet wind.}{ }}