{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The night\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s march was dull.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Time passed slowly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the comedown from the insanity of the days events.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By morning, the rubble of Minting Rock had disappeared. The dominant horizon feature was now a clump of bluish hills obscured by haze. According to Moteah, they were called the Dune Hills. Mandri asked why they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t simply called dunes, and Moteah said that they weren\u8217\'92t dunes. She added that, at a pilgrim\u8217\'92s pace, it\u8217\'92d be a whole day\u8217\'92s journey to reach them. The Ayramun did not march at a pilgrim\u8217\'92s pace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb charged ahead with the grim determination of a woman who wanted it all over with as soon as possible. No doubt the burgeons had worn off. She never called back, and she never looked up from the spot of ground a few feet in front of her. She simply marched. When everyone else took a pause to water, she did not stop. Soon, she was miles ahead, a brown poke sticking out of a sea of sand twisting with heat. Nobody called out for her to slow down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Far behind her was Ayram. His pack seemed too big even for him. His iron spear thupped the earth, metering out the miles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Close on his heels, like an eager pup, was Moto. At some point, Moto had taken pause to beat Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dust out of his bright orange robe. His pack was much smaller. Mandri could actually see his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto had ideas about capturing another Riga. He claimed the Hrks wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to track Mandri that way. This would let them evade the Hrkan armies, and then, at the opportune time, they could put back Mandri\u8217\'92s breath to kill the Burshageet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was throwing the full force of his hands and shoulders into this grand plan. Ayram only ever grunted. Moto suggested that they should try another Minting Rock, and that put a hitch in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s step. The web of rope that held Ayram\u8217\'92s giant pack together creakled under the strain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto took this as a clear no.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah and Elrahet formed the rear. The younger woman was making sure that older one didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fall behind, though Elrahet didn\u8217\'92t look like she needed help. She had set off from Minting Rock at a steady pace and had never wavered. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She has desert legs,\u8221\'94 is what Moto said when Mandri asked about it. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t know what \u8216\'91desert legs\u8217\'92 meant until that afternoon, after they\u8217\'92d crossed a good distance and the red sand gave way to a softer, deeper pink sand. His foot would sink with every step, and that set his calves to burning. He wanted to stop walking and sit down, massage the muscles, but how could he when Elrahet would pass him by?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every time he glanced behind, Elrahet was there, a waddling blotch of black rags propped up by her cane, threatening to make him look a weakling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a weakling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He knew it, everyone knew it, so he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know why he was soldiering through it. And it\u8217\'92d be at least three more days of this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 three more days of this pack screwing a knot into his lower back. At this point, his shrugging muscles were nothing but gormless strips lounging atop his shoulders. The pack\u8217\'92s thin straps bit right down to bruise his collarbones. He kept trying to shift the straps around, tried and distribute the pain, but after a while, every spot along his shoulders was tender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol, this hurts,\u8221\'94 he moaned. By now he\u8217\'92d used up every joint in his fingers to take the weight of the straps, and every fingernail was throbbing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll find your legs in a couple of days,\u8221\'94 Moto said over the annoying rattle of his pack. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re almost to the hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Dune Hills were close.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It turned out that the Dune Hills were aptly named. They weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sandy enough to be considered full-fledged dunes, but there was enough of it draped over the clay and rocks to not call them hills. They were steep. The tallest ones were a good four times Ayram\u8217\'92s height, and their pink slopes were pocked by smooth black boulders that looked like they were bleeding streaks of rust. There wasn\u8217\'92t a single sign of life anywhere, plant or animal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri struggled up and over the first hill, but after that, they kept to the valleys. There were plenty of gaps between then, which Ayram seemed to know. To Mandri it was a confusing web in which every slip face looked exactly like every other. All of it looked ready to collapse if the earth were to give the slightest shiver. Ayram, confident as ever, led them through this maze until they came upon a shallow, sandy pan. In the center of this clearing was the smallest temple in all existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the quaintest thing, a single circular hut of sand-blasted brick. It had a domed roof of baked clay, and set atop its center was a vertical pole of petrified wood, tipped by a coronal splay of twigs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an Old Jandri piece which signified a sacred place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be enough room inside for all of them to shelter from the noonday sun. If they tried it would be standing room only, and Ayram\u8217\'92s head would be sticking through the ceiling. Still, it was their destination, and as they approached, and swarthy Seb popped out of the building\u8217\'92s shadow, bearing a self-satisfied grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Took ya long enough,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram dumped his large pack next to the little temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance, and everyone else did the same. Mandri sighed in relief as his shoulders were relieved of their burden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should keep going,\u8221\'94 Moto said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No one agreed. Elrahet waddled straight into the temple, as did Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re on a good pace,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94 Moto complained. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re hardly a day out from Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m four days out from sleep,\u8221\'94 said the giant. He then picked up his monstrous bag, wrestled it through the temple\u8217\'92s threshold, and ducked in behind it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With Elrahet, Moteah, Ayram, and Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bag stuffed inside, there\u8217\'92d hardly be enough room for more, so Mandri, being considerate, offered the position to himself. He rushed towards the entrance and stuck his head inside, hoping to see an unclaimed bench.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was empty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In the middle of the floor was a wide hole. A perfectly circular hole. Mandri stepped inside the building and peered down into that hole, and there below, a firelight flickered into being. Ayram and the others were setting up a camp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back and he almost tumbled down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry it up,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Get goin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The ground below didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look too far away, so he jumped down. His ankles were the first to realize his mistake. He hit the dirt hard and his legs crumpled against the impact. He fell forward, and the rest of him crashed against the ground like a sack of beets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice came from raining down from above, \u8220\'93Ya know, there\u8217\'92s a ladder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cackled as she descended down to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s level, while Ayram and the others laughed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It took Mandri half a finger to get himself right. By that point, the others had all claimed a spot near the stick-and-tinder campfire. Beyond them, was a tunnel. Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care to ask where that tunnel led. All that mattered was that he was tired and there was enough room in this pear-shaped cave to lay down. Ayram had already spread himself out, laying against his pack, eyes shut tight and snoring like a full-grown keenki.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri maneuvered himself nearer the dark tunnel. The air was cooler there. Then, he went to sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first thing to wake him was Moteah. She was carving a back scratcher out of a stick. A flake of wood had hit him in the cheek. When she saw him looking, she whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only a hundred sixty-something miles to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Miles until Bullr.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. He closed his eyes again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The second thing to awaken him was a lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the size of a mountain, and its gaping mouth. Moteah ordered him to walk right into it, and he did. She was his Minder, and he had no choice. The lizard\u8217\'92s fangs clamped down on his head and he snapped awake in a feverish heat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The meager fire had burned itself down to a tumble of coals. All was dark and cold, and yet, Mandri was burning up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sat up and fanned his robe against his tingling skin. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lay down again until he made peace with the fact that he wasn\u8217\'92t going to feel any better. His legs ached, his back was sore, his shoulders were shredded, and he didn\u8217\'92t notice until now how bad his feet had suffered. He unwrapped his shoes to found blisters forming on his heels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From then on, what sleep he managed to get came in fits and spurts, a few fingers here and there, and then he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d wake up hot. This back and forth sent his mind into a state of delirium, such that when Seb whispered out his name he was unsure if it were a dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri? Ya wake?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Mandri opened his eyes. He saw was a shadow hovering over him. He knew it was Seb from the smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything hurts,\u8221\'94 he groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb leaned nearer still until she was whispering in his ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 neeeeed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears perked up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shhhhh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next thing Mandri knew he was trailing Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s faint footfalls into the darkness of the tunnel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He supposed they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d bumble around a bend or two so they wouldn\u8217\'92t have to whisper as they bit into the burgeons, but Seb kept going, and going, and every now and then they had to stumble down a flight of steps\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 never up, always down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got a fire. Up ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri followed Seb around one more turn, and finally, they stepped into a fire-lit room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This room was a dome of natural stone with thin spikes of rock dripping down from the ceiling. In the middle of the floor was a fire, and next to it, there was a chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A blessed chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe his eyes. A skinny, square, blackwood chair. It had a seat of suspended red cloth and a back to match, with a red pillow lounging against an arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was walking towards it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She set her hand on the skinny armrest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Such a woman did not deserve to sit in such a chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could I sit there?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, hopeful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sat down in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My burgeons, my chair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of the room was empty and chalky white, save for soot staining the ceiling. Mandri sat cross-legged on the floor and huddled close to the fire. It was much colder down here than up above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Already sore?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m past sore. I\u8217\'92m broken.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mind me to share ya some spines tomorrow. I got plenty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They help with soreness?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb leaned back in that beautiful chair and fished a green thorn out of her robe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pocket. She eyed it as if it were a jewel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya chew \u8216\'91em. But it\u8217\'92s more than that. The juice works the yip right out ya.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She popped the spine into her mouth and got to chewing. The first few chomps were accompanied by a horrible crunchy squelch, like she was biting down on a beetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya don\u8217\'92t got the jaw for \u8216\'91em,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Lookit that jaw. A little boy\u8217\'92s jaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My diet consists mostly of burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bet if I made a flute outta ya bones, it\u8217\'92d sound like a bitch in heat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri would bear any insult if there was a burgeon at the end of it. He sat perfectly still and just stared at the one-log fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb reached back into her robe. She fished around for a moment, then pulled out a leather pouch. She dangled this pouch around in the firelight. Mandri tried not to look greedy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So. Ya like burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons are the only thing that make life worthwhile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then lookit what I got here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She reached into the pouch with two dirty fingers to pinched the stem of a burgeon. What she pulled out was stunning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Call it God Eye.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was marvelous. It was the most beautiful of all possible burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What a burgeon is, in short, is the intermediate stage between a flower and a fruit. Only burgeon bushes make them, of course. The final fruit looks something like a melted cluster of berries, with seeds dotting every pit. The earlier burgeon stage is a plump capsule of hardened leaves, not too dissimilar to the more familiar flower bud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The best way to grow burgeons is to shield them from the rain and drip-feed them on a careful schedule via irrigation ditch. This stresses the plant. For some reason, the stress causes it to put out more flowers. Solitants say that this is a spiritually significant fact, a clear and direct example of how suffering leads one to bear richer fruit. It was one of creation\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s themes. Naturally, the burgeon bush can\u8217\'92t deal with too much suffering, not to the extent that Solitants might think is good for it. Withhold all the water and the burgeons never bloom at all. The suffering has to be planned far in advance, measured and applied by an experienced torturer. A daily regimen of sufferings, precisely applied, and as Solraheen makes righteous men, so too can men create plump and juicy burgeons. Seb\u8217\'92s God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons were so plump and so juicy that they must have suffered a great deal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92d you find those?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, trying his damnedest not to sound too impressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb let the burgeon roll around in her palm so the light could play on its iridescent exterior.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful, ain\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reached out to touch it, but Seb quickly clutched it away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not givin\u8217\'92 this out for free.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have anything to exchange,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to suck your toes or anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya got a dirty mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was joking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb leaned forward in her chair to wag her finger right at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what they get up to in the cities,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93One sin after the next. One dark Spark corrupts all the others. That\u8217\'92s why ya gotta keep separate, like in the Sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She relaxed back into her chair and continued to admire the burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are we doing down here?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d rather eat a burgeon in the light of the sun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram don\u8217\'92t much appreciate burgeons. Liable to slit our throats if he gets a whiff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. He\u8217\'92d be disappointed, is all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess that\u8217\'92s fair. I wouldn\u8217\'92t want to be on Ayram\u8217\'92s bad side.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s only got the one side, an\u8217\'92 lemme tell ya, we\u8217\'92re all on it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded like he understood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93How do ya like ta take it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Any way I can get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb licked her lips like she was prepping to say something mean, but stopped herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, \u8220\'93I honestly don't care\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever you want to do to that burgeon, I will consume it. Crushed, boiled, stewed, crumbled in eggs, dripped into beer, pressed into cakes\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If ya had to choose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever\u8217\'92s easiest. Whatever stretches them out. We\u8217\'92re still a few days out from Bullr, so we got to make them last.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We?\u8221\'94 Seb asked accusingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, okay, fine, how long will they last you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thems is God Eye burgeons. It don\u8217\'92t take much to split open a stomach. Half a sliver off the stem would do it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even if accustomed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pulled her long dagger from her waistband.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold out your hand,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A sane person wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give their hand to a grungy, knife-wielding woman in a cave. Mandri, lured by the promise of a God Eye burgeon, had no choice. He would have given his hand to the fabled Burshageet for the chance to taste that saintly burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She dropped it onto his palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It rolled around, and then settled onto his fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold still,\u8221\'94 she said as she reached down and held the burgeon steady. Her blade cut through the burgeon\u8217\'92s skin as if it weren\u8217\'92t there, and when she pulled away, she pulled the burgeon away. All that was left in Mandri\u8217\'92s hand was a few dewy drops of a cloudy pale-green sap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb held her blade out. Stuck to its edge was a thin sliver of the burgeon. Mandri peeled it off, and then popped it in his mouth and swallowed it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The juice, too,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need encouragement to lick his fingers dry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Seb whipped out a little glass vial, plopped the bleeding burgeon into it, and tucked it away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You aren\u8217\'92t having any?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s best if I play Minder for a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, there\u8217\'92s no need. I\u8217\'92ll be fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t know bout that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe me, I\u8217\'92ll be fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya don\u8217\'92t got no Spark. Only Sol knows what it\u8217\'92ll do to ya.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve consumed more burgeons than any man alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jus\u8217\'92 sit back and watch the fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared at the fire and waited for the burgeonsight to kick in. The anticipation was making him a little giddy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long until comes?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb grunted, then shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They sat together, silent, gazing into the fire. This lasted about a finger, then Seb blurted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I once seen a man roast a child on a spit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was staring at him like he was the one who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Saw it with my own damn eyes,\u8221\'94 she snarled. \u8220\'93Ran an iron shaft the width of my arm right through the little boy\u8217\'92s throat and\u8230\'85 and\u8230\'85 then two smaller ones to the arms and legs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her cheeks went flush as she talked. If her story weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t true, she\u8217\'92d at least convinced himself that it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would anyone do that?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cause that\u8217\'92s what they do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri thought this was a very odd thing to bring up at this particular moment. But he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t too concerned, because the burgeon juice was working its magic. The fire\u8217\'92s flames were starting to slow right down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s interesting,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now hold on,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93Ya do know everyone\u8217\'92s evil, don\u8217\'92t ya?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, nah, nah. Ya think there\u8217\'92s such a thing as }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 good}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ya!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lids were getting heavy. He said, speech slurred, \u8220\'93What are you on about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An\u8217\'92 a Mazid\u8217\'92s the worst of \u8216\'91em! I seent a Mazidnkill thousands!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t shrug them collars at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, come on, you know what they say\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What they say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s always\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 his thoughts fluttered as the fire\u8217\'92s flames turned from orange to green. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s always two sides to every story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two sides? Ya shittin\u8217\'92 me. TWO sides!? What\u8217\'92s the other side to ten thousand folk gettin\u8217\'92 killed for runnin\u8217\'92 away? That Mazid cut \u8216\'91em all, right slap in half!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ohhh, that\u8217\'92s not good,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered as the world turned around him. He lay down on the floor, back flat, to try and anchor himself. This had no effect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb hovered over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s starin\u8217\'92 ya in the face, and ya can\u8217\'92t see it \u8216\'91cause of shome jrupin ol rashsifsh agrash suj\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The rock walls were folding around her head, garbling her speech. In another moment she was gone, lost to the burgeon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He began to fall upwards, imperceptibly at first, but soon enough the rock zipped past in herks and jerks. The black stained features on the soot-stained ceiling began to merge into a empty void. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was nothing like burgeonsight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was nothing like reality at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An eye-blink later, and he was transformed into what seemed like pure movement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yes, he was nothing but movement, bursting movement, jolting up and down, no elegant smoothing in and out, no sense of natural timing. It was like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been picked up by a god who liked to play with his food.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He set his mind to the task of bringing himself back down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For a moment, he succeeded\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was back in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cavern, laying on the floor, staring up at that soot-stained ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But that ceiling soot was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 dark}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Black as night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Black as Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It began again to form. This time it made a perfect circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb!?\u8221\'94 he called out, but there was no reply. He looked for her, but there was only an empty chair. He screamed for help, because that circle was growing larger, growing slowly, a continuous creeping edge erasing the walls. It reached the floor, and continued spreading\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 spreading towards him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He tried to move but couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He couldn\u8217\'92t even squirm when the Black touched his shoulders and his feet. He tried to hold his focus as he was swallowed whole, he tried to count and breathe, but his inability to do this only magnified the sensation of his own disassembly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Again, he was movement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next, he was stretched out into a shape with no memory, an incipient sense-organ, aware only of his own sphericality. Then an enormous white circle appeared out of a speck, and it rushed up to press against him, turning him into a boundary. His vision was filled with wondrous replicating patterns as stasis and change merged into an impossible third mode of being. Beyond that point, he could not construct a coherent sequence of events.}}