{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s easy to think that a well-adjusted person puts so much effort into appearance because they care about how they are perceived. This is a misdiagnosis. A well-adjusted person doesn\u8217\'92t care what other people think of them, that\u8217\'92s what makes them well-adjusted. If a man like Moto took other people\u8217\'92s feelings into consideration, if he played up their wants and desires in his mind, how they might be judging him, well, that would lead to self-doubt, and that would lead to indecision, and sure as pure, that indecision would become a habit, leaving him perpetually anxious and uneasy. He would feel bad about looking so well-off amidst such squalor. He would }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 adjust}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  himself to fit in. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d try to look miserable even if he wasn\u8217\'92t. And fickleness being what it is, \u8216\'91fitting in\u8217\'92 with other people is not a one-and-done thing, it\u8217\'92s a constant effort of adjustment and readjustment, so if a person has any kind of empathy at all, well, that precludes that possibility of being well-adjusted. A person is doomed to an unending labor of fitting in, or they\u8217\'92re well-adjusted and run roughshod over people\u8217\'92s lives. That takes some real, purposeful ignorance to be able to do, and Mandri could tell that Moto was filled right up to the flaring nose with that ignorance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 again, Mandri knew this just by looking at him. But Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t judging only on looks. As they walked, Moto would go out of his way to step on fresh sprouts of grass. His leather sole would twist and squish the little shootlings into the ground as they tried to carve out a meager existence in between cracks of rock. A small cruelty, yes, but still a cruelty. Just a hop and skip away from chopping off Obo\u8217\'92s legs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It left a bitter aftertaste in the air between them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two questions, then,\u8221\'94 Moto said quickly. \u8220\'93And give me thorough answers. First, how did you die, and second, why would someone carry your dead body all the way over the Hias and drop you in the Junei?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, the answer to your first question is that I was strangled by an insane person. The answer to your second question is, I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not either of those things. I\u8217\'92m telling you the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92re not being }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 thorough}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . This is the point of contention here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thoroughness. I want the truth and I want it in its fullness. You understand? I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to be asking questions all day long. Understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Hill!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both men stopped and turned around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whaddya want!?\u8221\'94 the stout Hill answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The other man was the bald idiot named Chopper. Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s backpack was so big that he looked like a pack animal, his silhouette a bloated blob of burlap plopped atop two stick-skinny legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got any rope?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you want rope\u8221\'94, said Hill, \u8220\'93you come an get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto ushered Mandri along the road, and they met up with Hill and Chopper. Hill had unslung his own heavy pack and was straddling it, digging around for a length of coiled rope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What you need it for?\u8221\'94 Hill asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about it,\u8221\'94 Moto said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill screwed up his ugly mug and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last time I lent you rope, you cut it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t cut it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what you said last time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto rubbed his brow in exasperation. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t tell you what I need it for, because that would ruin it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill pulled out a thick coil of flat-rope, but was hesitant to hand it over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna teach this boy a lesson.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kinda lesson he gonna learn? You gonna get him killed, ain\u8217\'92t ya?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one\u8217\'92s going to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what you said last time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When was that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When you shot at little Kinzy in that bugee tree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I fully intended to kill Kinzy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Horseshit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto held out his hand like a tax-collector, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me the rope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill recoiled in disgust. He coddled his rope against his chest as if it were a gift from Solraheen. Hill asked again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What you need it for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I already told you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I can\u8217\'92t tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill looked to Mandri and sneered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I spent too much time on this rope to let it go to waste.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give it here,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make it yourself!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give it here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Use your own rope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s no problem of mine!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill began to stuff the rope back into his pack, but was stopped when Moto put a hand on his shoulder and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill, if you don\u8217\'92t give it to me, I\u8217\'92m going to take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s big lips quivered in anger, and he raised the rope high in his clenched fist, knuckles white, and shouted, \u8220\'93You already owe me forty feet!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  rope,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth went wide in shock, revealing a rather unsightly set of chipped and twisted teeth. A deep sense of injustice plagued the rest of his pitted features. And when this was not enough to put Moto off, Hill threw the rope at Moto\u8217\'92s feet, gathered up his pack, and said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna tell Ayram about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be sure that you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell him we\u8217\'92ll be at one of the lizard pits near beetle bleak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}