{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Welcome to day one thousand five hundred and fifty two of the culture war. A war which started when Enlil, king of the sumerians first began to encroach on the grazing lands of . THe forces of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91resist change\u8217\'92  have lost , token victories - yule log of the christmas tree,  , and of course, their greatest victory, rampant misogny.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 John Smith - changes his political view weekly}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been deep with being a next-liberal}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Next-liberal? You mean Neo-Liberal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No John, a next-Liberal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What;s the difference?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Well, mainly our liberalism being only skin deep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I ask again, whats the difference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The difference is we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re honest about it. The moment the democratic processes a general state of liberty begin to threaten our own personal interests, we will work to undermine those processes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve tried milquetoast liberalism already, and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 True milquetoast liberalism has never been tried.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been red-pilled}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I hate women.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Im afraid to ask why.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been reading theory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re a marxist?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No John. A theorist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What kind of theorist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What do you think? We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re political theorists.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m a fascist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not supposed to come out and say it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What? Why not?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You mean you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Know what?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A lot of people hate fascists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because its an inherently oppressive ideology.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How? I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m don\u8217\'92t feel oppressed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94ve been caucusing wit hthe apathetic voters }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Caucuasing?? With the apathetic voters?\line Yes, John.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That almost seem s like a contradiction in terms}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}