{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb waved a hand over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sightless eyes. The boy was catatonic, limbs limp on the cold stone floor. Seb leaned over Mandri\u8217\'92s face and he could see the boy\u8217\'92s pupils flicker as his mind fell deeper and deeper into the trance of the God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What sights did he see?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb had taken God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye three times. He could never recall exactly what had occurred. There was only the sense that his Spark had blossomed and then burst, and he felt like he\u8217\'92d died and rose again. What lingered was the shadow of a memory of a feeling of brushing up against omniscience. That sensation was enough, sometimes, to sustain the illusion that he had finally achieved righteousness, but one night\u8217\'92s sleep and he was back to normal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Always back to normal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons because of that. It was like treating a beggar to a Lord\u8217\'92s feast and kicking him out onto the street again. Seb thought it was better to starve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb folded Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms over his sweating chest so that the boy didn\u8217\'92t look so much like he was dead. That ended up making Mandri look more like a corpse, arms crossed over like that, so Seb undid the arms and sighed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Should he cross the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms, or shouldn\u8217\'92t he?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This arms-crossing business was indicative of a deeper problem. If whatever he does is what he was meant to do, then why worry about it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whatever he did was what he was meant to do, and that included worrying about doing what he was meant to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What worried him most was that he could do nothing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 never speak, never move, never feel\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and that, too, would be what he was supposed to do. He could kill himself and that would be right, even though it was wrong. It was a damned if he did, damned if he did situation. There was no room in it for reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took a deep breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought about licking a slice of burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just one lick. Maybe one drop on the tip of the tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He knew he shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, because Pell would be here soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But what if he did?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If he did, then that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what was supposed to happen, and Pell couldn\u8217\'92t be mad about that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She would be mad, but she shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If she were mad, that was fine, too. And he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be mad about her getting mad. Unless he did get mad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sighed again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sat back down in the blackwood chair and leaned back as far as it allowed, which wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t far at all. He let his eyelids droop and tried to empty his thoughts as he stared into the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Be nothing, like a rock is nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Think about nothing }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think about nothing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 have no thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And avoid, at all costs, those bubbling expectations. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He began to hum. Humming helped to push the threat of thought into his mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crowded periphery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MMMMmmmmmmm\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MMMmmmmm\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MMMMMmmmmm\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stayed that way in front of the fire, humming like a lizard in heat, almost as lost in the sauce of nothingness as Mandri was, and just as he began to nod asleep, an old woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice echoed into the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My troubled Seb,\u8221\'94 the voice said. \u8220\'93What troubles my troubled Seb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb twisted around in his chair. A tall, old woman was standing in front of a slit of the rock wall  which had not been there before. Her thin frame was draped in a black curtain of a robe, and a ruffled shawl framed her face neatly. Her face was well-worn, stern and austere, but to Seb it was full of beauty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93What has so enthralled the mind of Seb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb jumped out of his chair and cast himself down at her feet. His forehead bumped hard on the rock. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothin\u8217\'92, my lady. I wasn\u8217\'92t thinkin\u8217\'92 of nothin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mm-hmm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice had a way of benevolence, even when she was suspicious\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 especially when she was suspicious, for she delighted in being deceived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I see you\u8217\'92ve found young Mandrameen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m surprised he\u8217\'92s made it this far. You should have seen his face when I swallowed his Ox\u8217\'92s spark. Salavan was convinced he was useless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped around Seb, as graceful as the wind, and her gentle hand came to rest upon his shoulder. All the tension in his body evaporated, and he gasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s better, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 she said. Her voice could soothe the hardest Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She walked behind him, to where Mandri lay. Though Seb could not see her, he knew her gaze was set on the boy and he grew jealous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I found him dead in the Junei hills,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 said Pell. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I been your faithful man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, Seb, Seb,\u8221\'94 she sang with a doting swerve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb felt her fingers alight upon his back again and he shivered. She began to knead his muscle with a practiced care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My child,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been too long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb melted under her touch. Her hands pushed and spread his muscles like dough over his spine and ribs, and she built the pressure in waves, a rising tide of tenderness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your faith warrants a boon. Ask and you shall receive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bit his lip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish to see as you see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell stopped with a sudden jerk, and the warmth that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been feeling was snuffed out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know that gift is not for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes welled up with tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it, but\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Watch,\u8221\'94 Pell said. \u8220\'93I want you to watch this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb scuttled around on all fours to face her. He lifted his eyes, and there she was, kneeling next to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head. She was not looking at the boy, she was looking at Seb, but not just him, for her sight could penetrate right through his Self and see inside his Spark. In her hand was a near empty vial of a shimmering, opalescent fluid\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the last few tears of Schisol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not for you,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb wanted to arch his neck and scream about unfairness, and reading his mind, Pell answered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you know what to do with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb lowered his eyes again in reverence. Pell was right. She was always right, though that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make him feel any better. He wanted to smash his skull against the rock, and when he heard the pop of the vial\u8217\'92s cork he almost did it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol will be here soon,\u8221\'94 Pell said after administering one of Schisol\u8217\'92s tears  to each of Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes. \u8220\'93And when he comes, you will have your chance. But until that day, you will have to settle for my blessing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She reached across Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body and lifted Seb\u8217\'92s chin with her graceful finger, and he looked into her warm eyes. He could see her true nature in those eyes, for her crone\u8217\'92s nose and aged skin belied an unfathomable beauty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The truth was in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The truth was in her kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The touch of her lips upon his forehead filled him with amazement, for she had implanted a warmth that spread through him like a wave, radiating out until every single inch of him was enveloped in a loving embrace. What she chased out was loneliness. What she undid was the knot in his stomach he never could untie. Only her kiss could do this. Only Schisol, through her, could better him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and for the briefest moment, an exalted breath, he felt truly whole. He could not contain his wonder, and his dirty cheeks ran wet with tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feel better?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The moment Pell removed her finger from his chin, the spell was broken. Seb returned his head to the floor where it belonged. The chill of the stone was startling. Like the come-down from the God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon, the same-old Seb flooded in. He would have wept again if it weren\u8217\'92t for his lady\u8217\'92s aura of resolve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  He heard her sit down in the chair, the fabric squeaking tight against its wooden frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you sit in my chair?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry. I was tired.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s no excuse. I worry about you, Seb. You are like a weed. Every time I pull you out of your body, you grow right back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92m weak, I know it. I understand, if\u8230\'85if\u8230\'85I know Schisol will come with or without me. If I did nothin\u8217\'92, He would still come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders sank as she reached down and caressed his neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever seen a play?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know what a play is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb nodded, forehead scraping on the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The actor\u8217\'92s lines are already written,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Some plays are quite old, written more than a thousand years ago, yet the actors still speak their lines exactly as provided. Like puppets, they speak them, and do you know why they do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb shook his head slowly, hoping the drift of his chin would look like contemplation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They do it,\u8221\'94 Pell said, \u8220\'93Because that\u8217\'92s what they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to do.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She paused to let the words sink in, and in case they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, she added, \u8220\'93Do you do what you}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to do?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good. That\u8217\'92s all that I ask of you.\u8221\'94  She settled back into her chair. \u8220\'93Now tell me what the Ayramun are up to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They captured a Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve learned that much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They plan to use the Mazid to burn away all the Fabled Black and free Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell startled in her chair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would that even work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram don\u8217\'92t seem to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care what the brute thinks\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 What says Elrahet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet doesn\u8217\'92t speak to me\u8230\'85I try, and I try, and I try, but she does not speak to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Has she said nothing about Mazidfire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t heard her say nothin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb felt compelled to share some hopeful news. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t know how to get to Jeket alive,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93The Hrks have these things called Riga which can hunt a Mazid down to the ends of the earth. These Riga are children\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s horrible what they do the Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But these Riga can track the Mazid from anywhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The fire crackled, and Pell settled deeper into her chair. She crossed legs and set her free foot bobbing up and down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it would be best,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93If we don\u8217\'92t let the Mazid reach Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand. My Lady\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t we }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  them to free Solraheen? Wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that set the stage for Schisol\u8217\'92s return?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It might. It might not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes you do. Think it through.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind turned but nothing ambled out. He cringed in embarrassment. Pell urged him on by saying, \u8220\'93What is Solraheen doing, right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And why is He doing nothing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8217\'92Cause He\u8217\'92s stuck under a shard of Fabled Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And why is He stuck under a shard of Fabled Black?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To stop Schisol from escaping His body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And why is Schisol trapped in Solraheen\u8217\'92s body?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8217\'92Cause...\u8217\'92Cause he\u8217\'92s trapped in Solraheen\u8217\'92s body \u8216\'91cause he\u8217\'92s trapped there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that is true. That is one way to see it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So why not let them free Solraheen? It would set our good Lord free.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because Elrahet is up to something. I can feel it. I can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 almost}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  see it. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rarely ever been so reckless. How many Sparks have the Ayramun sent wandering into the abyss just to fuel this infernal quest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too many.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too many indeed. So it is best if they don\u8217\'92t ever reach Jeket. It would have been best if they never captured that abominable Mazid in the first place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb whined and fought every fiber urging him to confess his role in the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s capture. He said, instead, \u8220\'93Ayram has us headed to the bones of Bullr. He\u8217\'92s got some plan of how to capture a Riga there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He told her this because Pell was smarter than him. She was smarter than everyone. She should do his thinking for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I want you to do, Seb, is convince Ayram to change his plans. Have him head for the Goree Pass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why the Goree?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol\u8217\'92s word is alive and well in the Goree. There\u8217\'92ll be a tribe waiting there, and they will be keen to deliver Ayram\u8217\'92s Spark back to where it belongs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram won\u8217\'92t listen to me. Not on somethin\u8217\'92 like that. He barely listens to Elrahet. Going to the Goree would add two days of walkin\u8217\'92 for no gain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will help with that. You plant the seed in that barren skull of his, and I will make it blossom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about the boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if dies in the Goree?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he dies, then he dies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb winced at his own stupidity\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of course that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how it was. And yet he knew that wouldn\u8217\'92t be how it ended, for Pell would never waste one of Schisol\u8217\'92s tears on someone who was not worthy of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are precious,\u8221\'94 Pell cooed. \u8220\'93In all my life I\u8217\'92ve never had a servant such as you, so close to the enemy. But even so, I wonder, are you afraid to die?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb knew she was looking at him by the way her voice carried to his ear, and if she were looking at him she could read every quiver in his body and would know if he were lying. So he told the truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 he said. The word came out with a sob.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, now,\u8221\'94 Pell said, trying to comfort him. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve done more for Schisol than almost every other person who has ever lived. You are special, Seb. Should I say it again? You are special.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t feel it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what makes you special,\u8221\'94 she said, brimming with earnest concern. \u8220\'93Your hatred for yourself is a subtle righteousness. You\u8217\'92re one of the very few who know this. And you do know it, don\u8217\'92t you? You know that all of this is a mistake, that we all belong together. That is why you are who you are\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no one else would do. Only }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  could be right}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , right}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  now}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . So give thanks, Seb, and be happy. You could have been one of the nameless number doomed to be severed from the Whole.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nothing Seb could say or do could express the extent to which he appreciated these words, so he stayed low and prostrated himself further, then whispered a prayer to Schisol, thanking Him for His generosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell was contented to hear it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I have a storm to summon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She walked over to the cavern slit and whistled. Her whistle awoke something in the darkness there, something which Seb could not see but he could hear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an ominous thumping echo marching towards the room. Then came a grumbling growl, then a belly-rumbling snort, and then the scratching swish of a giant lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tail dragging against the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The snout that pierced the veil of darkness near Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip was red as red can be. It swayed from side to side, forked-tongue licking the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on out,\u8221\'94 Pell said with a wondrous smile, as if she were talking to a child. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bloody red head swung into the room. Its wide skull was nearly as long as Seb\u8217\'92s arm, and its slitted orange eyes were sunk behind an angry ridged brow. Whatever teeth it had were hidden under jowls, but Seb knew what they looked like, for this was a man-eater, a juvenile keenkedra. Everyone on the Jandri continent knew a Keenkedra\u8217\'92s teeth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 short stubby fangs that were barely there because if they were any longer that would make it harder for the beast to swallow a wriggling man whole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aside from its dietary habits, the keenkedra were known for their size, their rich red color, and their characteristic short-armed shuffle. The crook of this particular lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back came up to Pell\u8217\'92s waist\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if it were an adult it would not have been able to squeeze into the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pell gave it a friendly brush with the back of her knuckles, and the creature stopped beside her and nuzzled up against her leg. It raised its stiff neck for a good old scratch, which Pell was happy to provide. Her magic managed to coax a low humming growl of contentment. Seb thought he saw a smile. Then suddenly, the beast was looking at him, bearing an expression akin to alarm, as if the creature had only now noticed Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move the boy out of the way,\u8221\'94 Pell said, and Seb did as she commanded, careful to make no sudden movements. Then Pell led the beast further into the room and she lay it down, belly facing the fire. Its stubby tail was thumping excitement against the floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Seb marveled at Pell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s control. Elrahet could only dream of conjuring up such a beast for sacrifice, and even then she\u8217\'92d have trouble with flailing limbs. Pell\u8217\'92s lizard didn\u8217\'92t flinch an inch  when Pell drew her knife and stabbed its gut. It merely sighed as she thrust her arm right into its stomach and felt around for its Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The storm this sacrifice would conjure would be enormous.}}