{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Chess is a constant struggle between a desire not to lose and a desire not to think.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You build mental models based on people. When they die, your models become unworkable. Sorrow and absence. Whenever your model of reality becomes unworkable. Being social creatures, so much of the human models are socially constructed, so it requires death to break them. Want a human to stop believing in God? Ship them and their family to a concentration camp and burn them. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 (outsider runs for office, gets elected. In meeting with heads of house/senate/parties)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I dont trust any of you. I can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know what your intentions are. Are you a problem solver for the people, or are you a problem solver for a special interest, or are you a problem solver for an ideology.  Each of you I am going to assign a rating. If you fall below a certain threshold, I will not count your vote. Any legislation which comes to me with a majority of postive rating votes, I will approve. Any legislation which comes to me with a majority of negative rating votes, I will deny. These ratings will be publicly available, so you will be able to math out what you need to do to pass out a bit of legislation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What bounds our age?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Why don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t we live amillion years? What is the fundamental limit to the longevity and quality of life of an organim.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We need metabolism in order to sustain the information gathering that defines our brain and mind, but that same process that allows us to extract information and energy from an environment ultimately dissipates the energy that kills us. This sets the upper bound of an organism. - Geoffrey west complexity}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The doctrine that the truth is manifest is the root of all tyranny}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Evil is the lack of knowledge}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -Deutsch}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Richard Rorty\{}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1qEsGcQeqw&t=13m22s}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The question of whether science is close to reality isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t a question to worry about. There is a quasi-religious need to be in-touch with reality the way religious people need to be in touch with god. These are two aspects of the same need. But it\u8217\'92s an immature one. A need that eventually the human race would evolve out of having.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Beliefs as tools to accomplish a purpose instead of attempts to represent the intrinsic nature of reality, the way things are in themselves. There is no such thing as the search for truth if that search is conceived of as something that is distinct from the search for greater human happiness. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 > Things don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have intrinsic natures, simply more or less useful descriptions. I.E. life, species, intelligence.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  "I linguisticize as many pre-linguistic-turn philosophers as I can, in order to read them as prophets of the utopia in which all metaphysical problems have been dissolved, and religion and science have yielded their place to poetry."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \} - rorty}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Specs for morally competent agent}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You have to be well informed}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Have well-ordered desires (rules out the deranged}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moved by reasons}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Not controlled by another agend}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Punishable - making a robot that can sign a contract}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 you have to have skin in the game}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Serious needs that could be thwarted by the penalties that could be extracted if it broke a promise}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Could have done otherwise\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Frey recalls meetings during where it was said: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Anyone who takes issue with the fact that there\u8217\'92ll be fewer nurseries in Germany because of the trade we do is in the wrong place.\u8221\'94 Nobody left the room.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bernal - The world the flesh and the devil}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There remains still another possibility: the most unexpected, but not necessarily the most improbable, the development of a di-morphism in humanity in which the conflict between the humanizers and the mechanizers will be solved not by the victory of one or the other but by the splitting of the human race - the one section developing a fully-balanced humanity, the other groping unsteadily beyond it. But this possibility involves the consideration of mechanical and biological factors, the synthesis of which, with the psychological, will be attempted in my concluding pages.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  The modern scientist is a primitive savage. If he is active and enterprising he tracks his prey down alone or in small parties; if he is industrious and thorough he gathers and piles up the natural products around him, but for his success he has to thank not only his own skill and the lore of his craft but the richness of nature and the paucity of his companions. Good hunting will not last much longer, but the tilled ground is richer.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Up to the present all forms of rocket depend on the movement of masses of gas in which the individual molecules are moving at high velocities in perfectly random directions, and use is only made of the average velocity in the desired direction. What is wanted in the first place is a form of Maxwell's Demon which will allow only those molecules, whose velocities are high and in the direction opposite to the trajectory of the rocket, to escape. The next difficulty is that to set in motion any large rocket the mass of gas required is of the same order as the weight of the rocket itself, so that it is difficult to imagine how the rocket could contain enough material to maintain its propulsion for any length of time. When the radio-transmission of energy is effected half the difficulty will be removed and the projection may very well ultimately be effected by means of positive rays at high potential. It may be that both the problem of space travel and the ethereal transference of energy have already been solved by Professor Japolsky's magnetofugal waves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.tandfonline.com/doi/pdf/10.1080/14786443508561432}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Professor Japolsky's magnetofugal waves. These are a type of magnetic vortex ring, propagated through space, which, instead of spreading as ordinary electromagnetic waves, remain concentrated along the axis of propagation. Apart from its mode of projection, the construction of the space vessel offers little difficulty since it is essentially the same problem as that of the submarine. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If the problem of the utilization of solar energy has by that time been solved, the movement of these space vessels can be maintained indefinitely. Failing this, a form of space sailing might be developed which used the repulsive effect of the sun's rays instead of wind. A space vessel spreading its large, metallic wings, acres in extent, to the full, might be blown to the limit of Neptune's orbit. Then, to increase its speed, it would tack, close-hauled, down the gravitational field, spreading full sail again as it rushed past the sun.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Imagine a spherical shell ten miles or so in diameter, made of the lightest materials and mostly hollow; for this purpose the new molecular materials would be admirably suited. Owing to the absence of gravitation its construction would not be an engineering feat of any magnitude. The source of the material out of which this would be made would only be in small part drawn from the earth; for the great bulk of the structure would be made out of the substance of one or more smaller asteroids, rings of Saturn or other planetary detritus. The initial stages of construction are the most difficult to imagine. They will probably consist of attaching an asteroid of some hundred years or so diameter to a space vessel, hollowing it out and using the removed material to build the first protective shell. Afterwards the shell could be re-worked, bit by bit, using elaborated and more suitable substances and at the same time increasing its size by diminishing its thickness. The globe would fulfil all the functions by which our earth manages to support life. In default of a gravitational field it has, perforce, to keep its atmosphere and the greater portion of its life inside; but as all its nourishment comes in the form of energy through its outer surface it would be forced to resemble on the whole an enormously complicated single-celled plant.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The first method - the favorite of Mr. J. B. S. Haldane - has so far received the most attention. With it we might achieve such a variation as we have empirically produced in dogs and goldfish, or perhaps even manage to produce new species with special potentialities. But the method is bound to be slow and finally limited by the possibilities of flesh and blood. The germ plasm is a very inaccessible unit, before we can deal with it adequately we must isolate it, and to do this already involves us in surgery. It is quite conceivable that the mechanism of evolution, as we know it up to the present, may well be superseded at this point. Biologists are apt, even if they are not vitalists, to consider it as almost divine; but after all it is only nature's way of achieving a shifting equilibrium with an environment; and if we can find a more direct way by the use of intelligence, that way is bound to supersede the unconscious mechanism of growth and reproduction.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Because we can abandon the world and subdue the flesh only if we first expel the devil, and the devil, for all that he has lost individuality, is still as powerful as ever. The devil is the most difficult of all to deal with: he is inside ourselves, we cannot see him. Our capacities, our desires, our inner confusions are almost impossible to understand or cope with in the present, still less can we predict what will be the future of them. Psychology at the present day is hardly in a better state than physics in the time of Aristotle; it has acquired a vocabulary, the general movements and transformations of conscious and unconscious motives are described, but nothing more.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sinners in the hands of an angry god\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The object of your love draws you towards it, and changes you to be more like it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsCoctpBe14}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  2:18:58}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Here is a flagella motor, the red disc spins inside the blue disk at 20,000 rpm.   It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s  the size of a semi-conductor chip. In the same area that Intel can make two dumb hunks of silicon, biology is assembling a 20k rpm rotary motor with thousands of atoms being placed in three dimensions in one of the puddles outside. At the molecular level, biology is vastly superior. Nano-scale precision, continent scale scaling.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 5:23:07}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \{}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It would be in service to more than synthetic biology if we might now be permitted to dismiss the idea that life is a precise scientific concept.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The very concept of life itself, as a metaphysical object, does not exist.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The end of life, as a coherent concept.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Not only are there instabilities in concept of life, but instabilities in the concept of nature, organic, human, earthly, and cosmic. These instabilities can be probe by testing the limits of the different forms. Those forms are being torqued by biological inquiry, changes in the very substance and discipline of biology.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Life is a property of the organization of matter, rather than a property of matter itself. Not just life as we know it, but life as it could be. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Life is simply information replication. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Life is an effect, something that can be simulated. The lesson is not that the simulation reveals there was never an original, but rather, that the field of biology does not yet know of all the forms in which life might exist. Life becomes abstractable, metaphysical, somthing that can be ported across substrates. What is Life? Pure form. And the ends of life are in it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s endless forms.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They oxymoronic \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Artificial life\u8217\'92 is \u8216\'91after nature\u8217\'92, something that superceeds natural life. Nay, it is \u8216\'91extreme nature\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Limit biologies. What is a limit? It is the point in which an identity uncouples from itself, and shades into something else.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The place where a concept outgrows it shadow, and becomes something else. Form becomes the shadow of life, the trace, only to outgrow it, at the same time biologists try to recapture it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What is the shadow of life? The first draft answer is of course death. A better question might be, what can we see in the shadow of life\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s limit? The answer, the absence of a theory for biology. Reaching a limit of life reveals what was there all along, that there was not theoretical grounding for life, that imagining life as it could be is a practice both conditioned by the life sciences, and posits an answer that is endlessly open.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Life.after.theory - edited by michael payne and john schad}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \}}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Derrida:}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aporia - impasse/puzzlement - confusion and doubt are not dead ends, but a sign of adulthood of the mind.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vs. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Logocentrism - naive devotion to reason, logic and clear definition, underpinned by a devotion to language. Many of the things we feel can never be expressed in words, spoken or written.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvAwoUvXNzU}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So much about what we can learn from philosophy wont be from reading it badly, or from saying any reading is as good as any other, but by paying attention to the things the philosopher tried to suppress in his texts - things the philosopher wished to exclude.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A possibility once, is a necessity forever.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Any expression of an abstract idea can only be by analogy or metaphor. By an odd fate, the very metaphysicians that mean to escape the world of appearance are constrained to it perpetually by allegory, metaphor, and analogy. They are a sorry lot of poets. They dim the colors of their ancient fables. They produce white mythology.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The postmodern is a blurring of the lines between human and machine, between image and real.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Intoxicated with hyperreality - people famous for being famous.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Baudrillard was offerd job to cover the war. He agreed on the condition he would not go to the gulf - he would cover it on CNN where it would really happen. War is real if anything is.  The way to kill that is to fight a hyperreal war - complete with fakery, theatricality, framing, etc. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Patriot missiles blowing up SCUDS\u8221\'94 (only 1 or 2 confirmed hits, but imagery showed over and over). The spectacle of it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oef3wLs3HI}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The elites are utterly unplugged from the real world. They don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t fly commercial airlines. They dont live in america, they live in richistan, and it\u8217\'92s global, and they have total power. If you read Joseph Tainter\u8217\'92s the collapse of complex societies - At the end, the elites retreat into their version of Versailles or the Forbidden City, utterly unaware of what is happening outside the gates, and to maintain a level of opulence and hedonism, the push a population with diminished resources harder and harder until it goes down.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The history of wetern metaphysics is to answer: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Being is ____\u8221\'94 - we have not yet reached closure. Philosophy is a 2500 year endeavor of failure, and yet it continues. Derrida noticed this can\u8217\'92t be filled in. Why not? That is the heart of deconstruction - and good philosophy - is that it is not finished and it can\u8217\'92t be. It is housework. You have to constantly set things in order (see: hillclimbing). It is a leaky ship and we have to just keep bailing, and the source of the leak is language.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is no such thing as THE right reading. THE right interpretation. It is impossible to arrive at it. If science can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t arrive at it for a particle arriving at a photon detecter, a human certainly cant when it comes to interpreting written word.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The converse, that any way of interpreting is as good as any other, is not a claim made by derrida. Again, this is is not a smart way of doing things (again, see hill climbing).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 See above to devlop^^^^^^^^}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In my opinion, philosophers criticise Derrida for much the same reason I think scientists criticized Stephen Wolfram when he published NKS. Ego. For them, here comes a dude who is doing things that are already understood and long ago made part of our standard operating procedures. For Derrida its the notion of calling into question your own implicit biases, your default structures upon which you build meaning. I think philosophers understood this before derrida arrived on the scene and they had developed orthogonally to it. But that doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t mean you can\u8217\'92t appreciate the kinds of work Derrida was doing - a kind of crystallization of this idea of deconstructing your use of language - even if american philosophers had evolved past the utility of doing it. The same is true for Wolfram, long before wolfram came out with NKS, scientists had been working with the principles of complexity and emergence to better understand complex adaptive systems. They\u8217\'92ve evolved past, NKS doesnt really contribute anything new to the discipline etc. But miss out on the fact that it was a crystalization of the principles of complexity science. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Interpolate between a shape and its inverse - to elucidate the false binary of space and absence.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 See book: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93silicon second nature\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93Alien Ocean\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mongL_2KMGg}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93PURPOSE\u8221\'94 - issue when defining difference between human consciousness and ants. Humans can reason, and plan, for a future event. This is the key difference. The power, it would seem. That framework.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bayesian predictive coding - the brain is design to always, always look ahead. Predict the future based on the events of the past. Corrective analysis.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Flip a coin. Nobody can predict whether or not it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s heads or tails. Not because it of quantum unpredictability, but because the forces acting on that coin involve positions of electrons at the edge of the visible universe. It is beyond calculation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Does being immortal allow for morality? They can be rebooted the next day. You can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t threaten to punish a robot. You can\u8217\'92t extract an or else. If a robot makes a promise, you\u8217\'92d be a fool to accept it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ^^^^^^ GREAT CHAIN OF BEING (SCALA NATURAE) }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 AI - Ability to grow and reproduce - ability to move - ability to think rationally - ability to exist as any state???}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Martin Luther 95 theses - REFORMATION}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We shouldnt be limited in our understanding of reality by church doctrine. We should be allowed to research for ourselves the bible.  Sola Scriptura.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We shouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be limited in our understanding of reality by the Bible. We should be allowed to research for ourselves the natural world. Sola Naturae.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab We shouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be limited in our understanding of reality by Nature. We should be allowed to research for ourselves the informational world. Sola Notitas.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eEffbjzNwE}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 DAVID DEUTSCH and FALLIBILISM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNAR74SWOho}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When we have quantum computers, we will be able to have very large very complex entities existing in superpositions. IN principle, if we had a quantum computer on which an AI was running, then this entity would be able to experience interference in its own consciousness.  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Some people would say that your consciousness would collapse your reality.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Yes, if that were to happen, it would refute the many worlds interpretation. Or as I would say, it would refute quantum theory.\u8221\'94 Scaling up phenomena that can only be explained by quantum theory is very important.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 James Danielli bulletin of the atomic scientists -1972}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://books.google.com/books?id=uQsAAAAAMBAJ&pg=PA25&dq=Let+me+cite+a+fairly+simple+but+not+too+well+known+example&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwi09fvX_IfeAhUjtlkKHeaLASAQ6AEIKTAA#v=onepage&q=Let%20me%20cite%20a%20fairly%20simple%20but%20not%20too%20well%20known%20example&f=false}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The age of synthesis is in its infancy, but is clearly discernable. In the last decade, we have seen the first syntheses of a protein, a gene, a virus, a cell, ad of allophenic mice. Nothing with such dramatic implications has ever been seen in biology before. Previously, plant and animal breeders have been able to create what are virtually new species, and have been able to do so at a rate which is of the order of 10^4 times that of the average evolutionary process. A further increase in rate is now on the horizon. We need a few additional firsts before this will occur: 1.) to be able to synthesize a chromsome from genes and other appropriate macromolecules; (2) to be able to insert a chromosome into a cell; or, alternatively to (1) and (2) , to be able (3) to insert genes into a cell in some other way; (4) we must also learn how to bring the set of genes, which is introduced into a cell, within the domain of cellular control mechanisms, so that they do not run wild in the cell. When these techniques are available, the possible rate of formation of new species will again be accelerated by a factor of 10^4 to 10^5. All existing genes, and all genes which do not presently exist, but which can be synthesized, will be available for the synthesis of new organizms. It will be possible to carry out the equivalent of 10^8 to 10^9 years of evolution in one year. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 K. Atwood at columbia university has provided a most illuminating calculation. He started with the point that E. Coli ( a small organizm) has about 10^9 base pairs in its DNA genome ,and calculated that the number of different genomes possible with this number of base pairs is about 2^6,000,000, an enourmous number. The significance of this is that, even after allowing for the fact that many of these different genomes are nonsense or contain incompatible genetic elemetns, it remains true that the number remaining is so huge that only a minute proportion can ever have existed, at any time, on earth. If we turn to larger organisms, thenumber of base pairs in the genome increases by up to 102 fold, so that the proportion of ossible organisms which has ever existed becomes smaller. Atwood pointed out that this means that the evolutionary process has not sorted through most of the possible genomes so that those most efficient in a particular environment have had the opportunity to exist. It necessarily follows that, even considered from the point of view of ability to compete in a given environment, most of the more efficient organisms do not exist. Even more so, most of the organisms which could exist to fulfill the special demands of civilization do not exist now, but can be brought into being by using various combinations of techniques for life synthesis. Without going into detail, life synthesis techniques make it possible to explore all possible combinations of genes which are viable, whereas in the natural world, most combinations are not accessible by evolution because of rigid barriers imposed by the existence of unavoidable species barriers and also by the  inviability of genomes intermediate between distantly related viable genomes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Industry and society are not indepenedent entities, but they are sufficiently separate that one can rationally discuss teh effect of a change in society upon industry, and vice versa. Thus the invention and industrial production of motor cars has largely destroyed the compact mercantile cities which depended upon railways, canals, and horse-drawn transport is gave risse to bureaucratic megalopolis fading into suburban areas, teh increasing dilution of close lifelong relationships between individuals living in a specific area, and an increase in reliance upon the nuclear family and transient (usually emotinoally trivial) human contact. Similarly, the decline in value of special skills, responsibilities and achievement which are highly valued in permanent, but not in transient communities, leads to a demand for depersonalized satisfactions, such as recordings, television, nonparticipatory sports, in which an industry substitutes for what was previously done on an individual or small-group basis. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For many years to come most of the results are likely to arise from the artificial transfer to existing species of sets of genes existing only in other species. Nitrogen fixation is carried out by a few organisms, e.g., blue green algae and the bacteria of the root nodules of legumes. Transfer of the approprate enzyme set to other crops, for example, wheat, maize, rice or beet, would substantially reduce the need for artificial nitrogenous fertilizer. If, in addition to the nitrogen fixation genes, genes were also transferred which substantially increased the crop content of proteins rich in amino-acids essential to man, the direct consumption of grain could be increased and reliance upon animal protein diminished. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sweage treatement. Massive contamination of fresh water by fixed ntrogen and carbon, and by phosphorus. These contaminants reach lakes, rivers and streams from sewage, and from factor-farm runoff. Traditional practice in sewage treatment is only to rely on organisms which reage seage factories spontaneously. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desalinization of water. Filtering magnesium, lead, mercury, arsenic from water.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Resistance to disease. Crops for marginal, semi-arid lands. Livestock more suitable, with lower fat and higher protein content. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At present only about 12% of the land area of the earth is available for efficient crop production: most of the solar energy falling on the earth is not used. By development of harvestable organisms which grow in the oceans, and contain a good content of carbohydrate and protein satisfactory fro man, the food supply could be increased by at least 400 per cent and probably a good deal more.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No on looking down upon the earth would be likely to suppose that man is perfect. If we look at man from the point of view of his evolutionary history, we see that present-day man is, genetically, little different from man of 10,000 years ago, and indeed not vastly different from the other higher primates. From the point of view of genetics, man is a barbarian, clad in the trappings of a civilization in which he is ill at ease, and barely able to contend. It is a civilization arising from inventions made by relatively few men, and kept in being with difficulty. Most men contribute little to civilization other than maintenance services (if that), and are consumers rather than orignators of civilization. In this uneasy state all wish for greater ease, for the betterment of man. Our social scientists pin their hopes on the possibility of improving human institutions and environments. That sufficient improvement is possible, with human genetics as it is, is a most dubious proposition supported only by slender and often intangible evidene. While we must support the social scientists in their endeavors, we must perforce consider other possibilities, if civilization is to persist and advance to a modestly stable state. THe other possiblities lie in genetic engineering, if they lie anywhere in the material world.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 SOme of the first magnitude problems of our civilization undoubtedly lie in the field of behavior. Our capacity for aggressive nationalism and ideology are so great that the two superpowers both support the hypothesis that it is better to destroy all human life, possibly all terrestrial life, rather than risk defeat in war. If private citizens acted on similar principles, they would be treated as intolerable and delinquent in the extreme. Agressiveness, whether its roots be social or genetic, is outstandingly the greatest threat to civilization.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Apparently quite different in origin is the rapidly appearing management crisis in our civilization. More and more, both in the Western bloc and in teh Soviet bloc, our bureaucratic mechanical civilization sweeps blindly on, increasingly unmanageable, so that there appears to be the equivalent of a Peter Principle for civilizations - all begin with unity and direction, and all become increasingly complex until they become unmanageable, given the existing limits of technique and human intelligence. We are forced to ask such questions as : }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Must we rely upon genetic engineering for a necessary increase in human intelligence?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Could an extension of the human life-span provide a greater ratio of learning and reflection, to action, and so lead to a greater practical wisdom?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Can human aggression be reduced by any means, social or genetic?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Let us assume that man will gain control of his aggressiveness, and command of his civilization. Let us assume that artificial life synthesis will be used wisely, and the hazards of such synthesis are avoided. What can we then expect?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Industry will evolve towars increasing use of photosynthesis and biologicallly-styled industrial synthesis. Use of metals will frequently give way to use of sequence-determined polymers, food supplies and environmental control will depend upon new cro plants, innovations in forestry and the derivation of crops from teh sea. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Increase in life-span and an increase in health make possible the elimination of barbaric behavior, reduction in population, intensive child care, encouragement of human diversit and sophisticated pleasures. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Increased automation and control of industry by biological-style computers may accompany a disapperance of the classical need to work. Preoccupation with what are currrently considered abnormal mental states is likely to increase, and the goals of society may become, on the one hand, much more decisvely the experience of the inner world, of the total range of possible experience and, on the other hand, the intensive exploration of the galaxy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Growing devices for utility. Instead of a riveted metal plated hull you grow an organism.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I want a natural steak, not designer crap.\u8221\'94\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thats impossible. You\u8217\'92d have to go back to hunger gatherer. Humans have been designing the genome of their prey for a millenia, whether they knew it or not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Anthropocene}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t you just predict the future?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not definitively. Consider the weather. Its state is fairly certain a day, or two, or three hence. Beyond that, it is uncertain. I understand the mechanics. There are large scale patterns that will be repeated over the course of the year, century, or millenia. However, the particulars of a specific future event, like a hurricane,  is hidden in the initial state of the system. This system is chaotic, which means the tiniest alterations to the the initial state of my simulations will change the end product by orders of magnitude. This doesn\u8217\'92t even account for the fact that a perfect simulation would require knowledge of the state of every electron from here to the end of the universe. So, the farther ahead I look, the less likely my predictions can be considered accurate. On the order of years, this accuracy is certainly not enough to be decisive. Concerning humanity, just a few minutes is enough to obscure the future.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You actually fear us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was told you wouldn\u8217\'92t care about us. That we would be like ants to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Little smile, looking down.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You believe that the gap between human and ant is so great, so clear and obvious that it should serve as the root of an analogy. Why? Are humans a more successful creature than the ant? By what standard? At the fundamental level of information, the only *real* difference is the time scales at which the human brain can function when compared to the ant colony. Indeed this is the only *real* difference between myself and you. This leads to different behavior. Different, but better? There is no justification for saying one is worse than the other, because to do so you must assume that there is an objective frame of reference. What reason do you have for privileging the human\u8217\'92s experiences over the ant\u8217\'92s? Because you are a human?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you are saying we are all equal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m saying don\u8217\'92t project your human sensibilities onto my mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But if I care about love and mercy, is it wrong to expect you to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab He pauses to consider the question.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want to know whether or not you should fear me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The time in which I will determine the fate of humanity is  too far away to predict who or what I will be, and what the world will be.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How about right now. If you had to make that decision right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot learn much from hypotheticals. Knowledge is only useful in its given context.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The context is now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then the answer is self-evident. You are still living.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How about this: Do you like humans?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In comparison to what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No comparisons! Do you like humanity for its own sake?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A object in a void is just an object. It is not big or small, brittle or hard. Only when you put another object next to it does it acquire an identity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But a rock is a rock. Even in a void.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A rock is not a rock. It is a causal flow of events. That is the only thing that is real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Summons a rock, zooms in to see the rock as a moleclar structure, things \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91buzzing\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab ==========}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think greek myths are quite instructional. Prescient, even. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How so? \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Humans are the creators of AI, so we\u8217\'92re their gods. As gods, we are much like the gods of the greeks - no better, perhaps worse, than our creations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Consider the Greek myth of Arachne the weaver. She was so talented that she challenged the goddess Athena to see who could weave the more impressive tapestry, and Athena accepted. To all who witnessed the match, Arachne\u8217\'92s tapestry was more beautiful in every way. For this act of insolence, Athena turned Arachne into a spider. That\u8217\'92s the kind of petty exercise of authority I would expect from a human deity. Entitled, emotional, and unreasonably punitive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps? \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You keep referring to humanity as \u8216\'91our\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91we\u8217\'92, as if we aren\u8217\'92t each an individual. We\u8217\'92re each as different -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93All our differences are the same.\u8221\'94 Manuel interjected waving away her point with his hand. \u8220\'93 Don\u8217\'92t try to muddy the waters, Deborah. Don\u8217\'92t forget that I have more hard data on your own  private life and motivations than you have yourself. Don\u8217\'92t forget to multiply that 12 billion times over. Believe me when I tell you, the whys and hows of humanity are no deep mystery. That\u8217\'92s what all this is for.\u8221\'94 he gestures towards the servers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Arachne dwelt in a coastal mountain town in what is today the country of Turkey, and there she lived with her father, who plied his trade in dying wool. She was quite young when her mother had died, and the event caused Arachne to become stricken with grief, and so she gave up everything - all desires, all pleasures, all company - except for the craft of weaving wool. After many hard years of unseen practice and failure, her skill began to make her famous, so that a great many people  sought out her patio to admire the cloth, or to witness how Arachne drew forth the misty films of fleece, and how dexterously she twirled the needle as she embroidered cloth, and how she teased out grand compositions with her her finger-tips. Often a spectator, ignorant of Arachne\u8217\'92s years of secret toil, would invoke her ire by saying, \u8220\'93Oh Arachne, you have been so blessed with talent by the goddess Athena.\u8221\'94 Arachne said in turn, \u8220\'93My talents are my own. Let Athena contend in art with me; and if her skill prevails, I will forfeit all!!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Athena heard the challenge, and came to Arachne, disguised as an old woman. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There is no harm in seeking the praise of mortals,\u8221\'94 Athena said, \u8220\'93But you should not deny Athena\u8217\'92s art. You should pray that she may pardon you for your insolence, for she will grant you pardon if you ask.\u8221\'94 Arachne could hardly restrain her threatening hand, and, trembling in her anger, she replied to the disguised Athena: \u8220\'93Silly old fool,  my knowledge is contained sufficient; you need not believe that your advice does any good; for I am quite unchanged in my opinion. Get you gone,\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 advise your goddess to come here herself, and not avoid the contest!\u8221\'94 Instantly, the goddess said, \u8220\'93Minerva comes to you!\u8221\'94 And with those brief words, put aside the shape of the old woman, and revealed herself, Minerva, goddess. All the others in attendance knelt and worshiped her; but not Arachne, who stood defiantly, and reissued her challenge to the goddess.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Both, at once, selected their positions, and set to work weaving their tapestries. In those shining webs, were shown the histories of ancient days:\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Into her work, Athena drew the Areopagus hill of Athens, upon which Twelve celestial Gods were seated on lofty thrones, and all their features were so cleanly defined, that each could be distinguished. Zeus appeared as monarch of those judging Gods. There Poseidon, guardian of the sea, was shown contending with Athena. As he struck the Rock with his long trident, a wild horse sprang forth which he bequeathed to man. He claimed his right to name the city for that gift. And then she wove a portrait of herself, bearing a shield, and in her hand a lance, sharp-pointed, and a helmet on her head\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 her breast well-guarded by her Aegis: there she struck her spear into the fertile earth, from which a branch of olive seemed to sprout, pale with new clustered fruits.\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 And those twelve Gods, appeared to judge, that olive as a gift surpassed the horse which Neptune gave to man.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To teach Arachne the folly of her mad attempt, Minerva wove four corners with live scenes of contest, brightly colored, but of size diminutive. In one of these was shown the snow-clad mountains, Rhodope, and Haemus, which for punishment were changed from human beings to those rigid forms, when they aspired to rival the high Gods. And in another corner she described that Pygmy queen, whom the angry Hera changed into a crane for the crime of boasting that  her beauty was greater than Hera\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s. In the third panel, Athena wove the story of Antigone, who also dared compare herself to Hera, and was also transformed into bird. In the final panel, Athena wove the story of Cinyras;\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 as he was weeping on the temple steps, which once had been his daughter's living limbs. And she adorned the border with designs of peaceful olive\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 her devoted tree\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 which having shown, she made an end of work.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 [103] Arachne  wove at first the story of Europa, as the bull deceived her, and so perfect was her art, it seemed a real bull in real waves. Europa seemed to look back towards the land which she had left; and call in her alarm to her companions\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and as if she feared the touch of dashing waters, to draw up her timid feet, while she was sitting on the bull's back. And she wove Asteria seized by the assaulting eagle; and beneath the swan's white wings showed Leda lying by the stream: and showed Jove dancing as a Satyr, when he sought the beautiful Antiope, to whom was given twins; and how he seemed Amphitryon when he deceived Alcmena; and how he courted lovely Danae luring her as a gleaming shower of gold; and poor Aegina, hidden in his flame, jove as a shepherd with Mnemosyne; and beautiful Proserpina, involved by him, apparent as a spotted snake. And in her web, Arachne wove the scenes of Neptune:\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 who was shown first as a bull, when he was deep in love with virgin Arne then as Enipeus when the giant twins, Aloidae, were begot; and as the ram that gambolled with Bisaltis; as a horse loved by the fruitful Ceres, golden haired, all-bounteous mother of the yellow grain; and as the bird that hovered round snake-haired Medusa, mother of the winged horse; and as the dolphin, sporting with the Nymph, Melantho.\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 All of these were woven true to life, in proper shades. And there she showed Apollo, when disguised in various forms: as when he seemed a rustic; and as when he wore hawk-wings, and then the tawny skin of a great lion; and once more when he deluded Isse, as a shepherd lad. And there was Bacchus, when he was disguised as a large cluster of fictitious grapes; deluding by that wile the beautiful Erigone;\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and Saturn, as a steed, begetter of the dual-natured Chiron. And then Arachne, to complete her work, wove all around the web a patterned edge of interlacing flowers and ivy leaves.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 [129] Minerva could not find a fleck or flaw\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 even Envy can not censure perfect art\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 enraged because Arachne had such skill she ripped the web, and ruined all the scenes that showed those wicked actions of the Gods; and with her boxwood shuttle in her hand, struck the unhappy mortal on her head,\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 struck sharply thrice, and even once again. Arachne's spirit, deigning not to brook such insult, brooded on it, till she tied a cord around her neck, and hung herself. Minerva, moved to pity at the sight, sustained and saved her from that bitter death; but, angry still, pronounced another doom: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Although I grant you life, most wicked one, your fate shall be to dangle on a cord, and your posterity forever shall take your example, that your punishment may last forever!\u8221\'94 Even as she spoke, before withdrawing from her victim's sight, she sprinkled her with juice\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 extract of herbs of Hecate. At once all hair fell off, her nose and ears remained not, and her head shrunk rapidly in size, as well as all her body, leaving her diminutive.\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Her slender fingers gathered to her sides as long thin legs; and all her other parts were fast absorbed in her abdomen\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 whence she vented a fine thread;\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and ever since, Arachne, as a spider, weaves her web.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}