{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 TODO:  swap Seb and Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s roles. Gugi finds body, asks seb for help mving it. Seb balks. Says this is a fucking curse. You\u8217\'92re cursed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that smell? That\u8217\'92s the body?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb: no thats me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s you?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those were the words that came out of my mouth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cloistered within the cramped cave was the witch Elrahet. She was an older woman, five years younger than Pella, although a specific age was rarely a thing ascribed to people of the Sand. Like Ayram, she was Jandrian, and all Jandrians seemed to foreigners like they had been quarried fully formed out of the earth. Their features were as dark, hard, and solemn as any slab of Melthasite ore. Their sun-drenched skin was as brown and leathered as the bark of any pepperwood tree. Elrahet was as much a native creature of the Sand as the sizable horned lizard over whose corpse she squatted.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he had lived another hour longer he would smelled the musky odor of sweat and beak oil wafting down from the top of the ravine. He would have heard the soft patter of footsteps on the dusty road. He would have seen the bark-sheathe boots a man stop right in front of his bush, and he would have felt two blue-grey eyes gawking down at him through the spaces in-between the karkle's twigs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two blue-grey eyes, Jandri eyes, belonging to a man named Seb Soreel. They were sparkling, bright and curious, and they narrowed as they searched Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bundled body for any sign of life. Seb thought it would be strange to find someone here on the side of the road, but he knew it would be a bad, bad omen if that someone was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi, Gugi! There's a body under this bush!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a rustle of stones as Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twin brother, Gugi, clambered down the side of the ravine to see why Seb was bothering him. Gugi and Seb weren\u8217\'92t identical twins, but being completely swaddled in brown wool as they were it would be impossible to tell them apart. They were both tall, lanky, and they moved and stood with the same kind of twitchy restlessness that marks out a young Jandri man who likes to chew the spines of borcandi leaves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi was stumbling his way down to the road because he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 thought }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard Seb say that he\u8217\'92d found a body. When he hopped on over to where Seb was standing, he pulled his scarf down under his proud chin to ask for clarification.  He rarely stopped chewing. His words were a little lost in between the squelches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t quite get that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb pulled his own scarf down in kind. His face was a little thinner than Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and his nose was longer and crooked, and his cheeks were ravaged with pits from . He chewed his borcandi spine a bit more gingerly because most of his teeth thin were thick with rot. Anyone who meets the twins, especially if they meet them at the same time, the first thought is always to wonder why the gods had reserved all the handsomeness for Gugi. The second thought is to wonder if poor Seb had been cursed, or if it was just bad luck - poor Seb thought he was cursed with bad luck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb looked for curses in all things. Pots, pans, dishes. Curses on the road - a rock or a feather sticking up in the sand. A dead body in a bush that he was supposed to be hiding in, now that was as clear }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look there,\u8221\'94 Seb said to Gugi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feet here,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93And you can see an arm, and there, a grayish cloak of somewhat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi squatted down next to the bush and tried to peer under the low brim of the karkle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s branches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A body, eh? Guess he\u8217\'92s dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not napping.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85 pull him out then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pull him out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The mans dead. He won\u8217\'92t mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped. All his little crooked teeth. Blinked like he couldn\u8217\'92t believe, had to reboot the brain. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a dead body under this bush, and that doesn\u8217\'92t concern you in the least bit? You just want to, what, pull him out and rifle through his clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I want to pull him out wo we can put him somewhere else."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just put him somewhere else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t that why you called me down here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I called you down here because there\u8217\'92s a goddamned dead body under my bush\u8230\'85 out here, under this bush... That doesn\u8217\'92t get your grind going? The man\u8217\'92s still bleeding!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi took a little rock and pushed on mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot, squeezed a drop of blood through the blood caked blisters. his dark brows raised a little as he realized that this wasn\u8217\'92t just a dead body, it was a freshly dead body. Still, he wasn\u8217\'92t about to encourage Seb\u8217\'92s hysteria, so the most assent he was willing to do was to shrug and say,\u8220\'93Alright. This is unusual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unusual?!\u8221\'94 Seb spun around to face Gugi and was about to burst. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a goddamned curse! Clear as day!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on Seb, don\u8217\'92t start.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Start what? There\u8217\'92s a goddamned dead body in my hiding spot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down! Holy hell. It\u8217\'92s just a dead body. It doesn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 mean}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  anything.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was about to burst, but then a shrewd thought popped his }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you put this here?\u8221\'94 He asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Gugi\u8217\'92s face was streteched beyond belief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you put this dead body here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92d kidnap some random bloke back in Solstan, haul his ass all the way out here, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 then}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  kill him and stuff him up under your bush, just get you all stirred up?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A smile started to spread on Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face when he realized that was exactly what Seb was thinking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That smile was, to Seb, as good an admittance of guilt as any.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dawnign as the rage started to take Sabe. Gugi came clean before he could blow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Relax! Holy hell. Goddamn. Relax. I didn\u8217\'92t do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who did?\u8221\'94 Seb asserted. \u8220\'93This body is fresh as a daisy\u8217\'92s bum. If there was someone skulking around these hills, planting bodies under bushes to put us off, we would have seen him. Had to be one of the Ayramun. And if it was any of them, it\u8217\'92d be you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ay-ya. Seb. No one is trying to curse you. This poor bik under your bush has nothing to do with us. He\u8217\'92s probably some wayward pilgrim who crawled up under there to eat the dirt and forgot to wake up. It doesn't }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 mean}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  anything. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a dead body. It doesn\u8217\'92t even smell. Just get up in there, and lets get on with it.\u8221\'94'}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not cuddlin' up with no dead body," Seb said. "And in point of fact, this ain\u8217\'92t no pilgrim road. This ain\u8217\'92t no pilgrim. It\u8217\'92s a dead body out in the middle of nowheres - not the middle of nowheres, its right in the middle of my bush, and that\u8217\'92s the clearest shout of a curse I\u8217\'92ve ever heard. And more in point of fact, Ayram ought to hear about this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He doesn\u8217\'92t need to hear about this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Have you lost your water? Ayram ought to know there's a dead body down here!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Don't worry Ayram with this shit. Just get in that bush and stop moaning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How abouts you get in that bush?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Okay. I will. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll do it if it will stop your shitting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No! You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not getting in that bush."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you just said -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not gonna let you cuddle up under no cursed demon bush right before a fight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy hell, Seb. Someone\u8217\'92s getting in this bush. There\u8217\'92s no time to be scrying and softing about what is and isn\u8217\'92t cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb grabbed his brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder before he could pull himself up under the karkle bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Look around," Gugi said. "There aren't any other spots." He gestured to the sloped walls of the ravine. If a rock was big enough, or a divot in the earth deep enough, a fellow bandit was already settling in. Most were lying down up top, above the ravine's lip. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi crawls up under. Bunch of rustling as he tries to get comfortable. He can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s kinda funny looking\u8221\'94. Has second thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What! What is it?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know who this is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is it?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi scrambled out from under the bush much faster, much less carefully than how he got in.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb looked at him expectantly, eyes wide and . Gugi was finally looking properlly of haveing seen a dead body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thats fucking Salavan Saran\u8217\'92s kid!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Salavan Saran\u8217\'92s kid! What\u8217\'92s his name? Man- something. That\u8217\'92s Salavan\u8217\'92s kid under that bush.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh shit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah thats him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pull him out and see for yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never seen him before. Wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to recognise him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pull him out anyways. Because you\u8217\'92re right, Ayram needs to know about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ain't touchin' no dead body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dammit. Seb. Grab his foot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You grab his foot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to!\u8221\'94 Gugi reached down and took a firm grip of Mandri\u8217\'92s left ankle. He stared at Seb and shook Mandri\u8217\'92s ankle to show Seb just how tightly he was holding on. Mandri\u8217\'92s foot flopped around like limp fish. Seb took a step backwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now grab the other foot," Gugi said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb crossed his arm and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do it yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gugi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb , if you don\u8217\'92t squat down and do a part, I\u8217\'92m gonna start breakin rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb scoffed and kicked the dirt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t touchin\u8217\'92 no dead body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi rubbed his temples. He hated that he had to be the bigger boy. Seb had this way ever since they were kids, this stubbornness, it worked to get him what he wanted, which was always something new and shiny and . Gugi hated resorting to this, to losing Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stupid games, but there wasn\u8217\'92t time to stamp his foot and wrestle it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay Seb, what do you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To get the hell away from that dead body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me carry it to Ayram and I\u8217\'92ll give you my shard of salcite.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The furrow in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow softened. His jaw went slack and the borkine spine nearly slipped out of his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The pointy shard?\u8221\'94 He asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The pointy one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t take your salcite,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93That kind of stone can\u8217\'92t be parted with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 the}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  lucky stone. If you got rid of it, passed it on without the best of reasons, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be cursin\u8217\'92 yourself as bad as as this dead body is cursin\u8217\'92 me. That stone is alive. Elemental. It found you, you didn\u8217\'92t find it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a goddamned stone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no such thing as a \u8216\'91goddamned\u8217\'92 stone. If you ever listened to Ayram, you\u8217\'92d know that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi pulled the stone in question out of his pocket. Describe it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He held it up between his finger and his thumb, so that Seb could get a good look at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me carry the body,\u8221\'94 Gugi said, \u8220\'93or I\u8217\'92ll crush this thing into a million pieces, and then I\u8217\'92ll scatter the crumblings around you as you sleep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll mumble the witch\u8217\'92s anguish as I do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know the words to the witch\u8217\'92s anguish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t say I\u8217\'92d chant it, I said I\u8217\'92d mumble it, and as long as I get the cadence right, thats good enough to get the demons stirring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not gonna do that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will if you don\u8217\'92t help me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow returned to its near-permanent scowl. His mind raced for some way to get out of this situation. Gugi was a stubborn ass, and even though Seb knew that Gugi didn\u8217\'92t put stock in curses and luck and mystery, he knew that Gugi would do it if it meant annoying him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But if Gugi couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be moved, maybe someone else could. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned round to face the other side of ravine, and called over to the young Papillion, who was busy nestling into the dirt behind a boulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Papi! Come help us move something!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Papi had been listening the whole while to Seb and Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s little argument. He knew full well there was a body there in the bush. This close to the ambush, people weren\u8217\'92t supposed to be talking, much less shouting, so he showed Seb the back of his finger, and went back to burying himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi saw this and said to Seb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Even Papi won\u8217\'92t put up with your shit. Always trying to get out of things. If I weren\u8217\'92t in charge of this little squad, then I\u8217\'92d leave and make you do it yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not trying to get out of anything. It\u8217\'92s just good sense to make someone else do it. The body isn\u8217\'92t cursing Papi, it\u8217\'92s cursing me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s trying to get out of it. Now, we both carry him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It's a limp body. It's easier if just one person carries him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how you figure that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a limp body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, if you don\u8217\'92t grab that leg\u8230\'85 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Change tact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want you to get in trouble. See, I\u8217\'92m gonna hike all the way back to Ayram, alone, and he\u8217\'92s gonna ask me what I\u8217\'92m doin there tellin him about a dead body instead of showin it to him. And I don\u8217\'92t want to blame you for not helping, but that\u8217\'92s the truth. And then he\u8217\'92s gonna make an example out of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram will understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If thats what you think, then fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing to do but march off to Ayram. The quick, easy step of a man unburdond by guilt. Soft, head up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait! Wait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi stopped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Huffing , making a scene out of touching it. Grumbling and complaining all the way back to the plateau.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Rope, gugi climbs up first, little moment where Seb is staring at the body, then body gets hauled up, and seb climbs up after.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shelf of rock, titlted, like the corner of a broken table of the gods half-sunk into the sand.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right arm and threw him up and over his shoulder, like he was taking off with poached game. He then clambered up the scree, both hands free, easily balancing Mandri\u8217\'92s light weight. In fact, Mandri felt so light that he thought this giant of a man could have thrown him up to the cliff\u8217\'92s edge with one arm. That would have been as comfortable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When they came to the cliff face Ayram let out a shrill whistle, and a rope came tumbling down from above. Ayram twirled this scratchy rope around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s waist, deftly knotted it with his long, deft fingers, then tugged it tight, and then Mandri was off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri bounced along as the rope pulled him up the cliff face. Along the way caught sight of people down in the ravine. The sight of their little heads popping out from behind rocks and boulders, or the lip of the ravine on either side of the road, was shocking. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been there the whole time, and he\u8217\'92d walked right through the middle of them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}