{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need to describe Drissel, not Jeket here. }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 A world\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s geography defines the course of it\u8217\'92s history. What events might not have occurred, what civilizations might history have gained or lost if a valley had instead been a mountain, or an wide inlet instead a barrier island.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0  Mankind burrows the earth. Soil erosion like that canyon in georgia. They imported this vine from the empire, called shandri. But it grew unchecked. Swallowed up the plain. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If an individual wanted their slave to be cruxified, it was a service a crxifiction team could apply for a fee. - tablet detailing the process placed in public square so people would think twice about disobeying masters.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The smallest twig will accumulate a hump in its lee. It is how the mega dunes began.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s two ways to translate the name of the Jandrian city that sits in the middle of the Corning Strait. Kikjeede, when translated literally, becomes Mudwater, but when a Jandri child is warned to \u8216\'91stop pestering me or you\u8217\'92ll slip into Mudwater,\u8217\'92 the little brat is being warned about unintended consequences. That\u8217\'92s Mudwater really means - unintended consequences - at least that\u8217\'92s what it means to the Jandrians who know the city\u8217\'92s story. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0   Even the land Mudwater sits on is true to the theme. The long strait that the little port serves, the one which divides two continents, was put there, it is said, as barrier.  For millions of years Jandria was connected at the hip to the Shaldran continent. Then, it is said, Sol threw a fit in just the wrong spot. A fault in the earth opened up and the land was split in two. In one cataclysmic afternoon, Jandria became an island continent and its shoreline was extended by twelve thousand leagues. Valleys which once sheltered wildflowers and all manner of little beasts were reformed by the ocean tides as they roared in. Now, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re spawning grounds for black-backed trout and shrimp, feeding grounds for sharks and jellies, a pleasure palace for oyster clams and squishy green seagrass. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It time, of course, men learned how to sail the deep sea - and sailing is so much faster and easier than walking. What was once a barrier to man, became a highway. Men poured west into Jandria, and then trade route developed, running all the way up and down the strait. There was a problem with it though: some peculiar accident of topography, air, and heat conspired to blow a strong southerly wind through the straight. This wind blew in any season. It blew even at night. People said it was the mountains on either side funneling the Ysal winds through. The hard fact was that if you wanted to ship goods north you couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t simply tide over. The only way to go was to paddle it. You had to paddle all 12,000 nautical leagues against a gusting wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was done but it was brutal business. Brutal enough that merchant trawlers were forced against custom to keep their oarsmen well-fed and well-drilled so that the rhythm was kept steady, and they had to rest whenever the opportunity came. If too many arms got wrecked with tension, or too many shoulders got blistered with sun-boils, there was the risk that the ship would lose momentum and slide back down south from whence they came. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The business was so demanding that a necessary rest-stop was set down half-way up the strait. A perfect site was found in a calm inlet on the Jandrian side. It had enough arable land to sustain a bevy of straight-backed young men ready to plow the route, so that a wrecked crew could be swapped out for a fresh one. This was the spot where Mudwater would be founded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In so many ways, accident and funny circumstance conspired to set up a bustling little port town on the inlet there. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t called Mudwater back then. In the old Jandrian tongue it was called Windrest, because the men }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 were}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the northerly wind and that was where they rested. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That little village was tangible proof that even the Gods can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t avoid unintended consequences. That being the case, you can hardly blame humanity for what came next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A young girl was wandering around the foothills on the western side of Windrest. Those hills were pocked with narrow cracks and the girl slipped and fell into one of them. That particular crack wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t too dangerous, just ten or so feet deep, but she was too small to climb out. She screamed and cried, and eventually her father found her. When he pulled her out she was clutching something in her little sausage fingers: a nugget of gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The father marked the crack with a white stake and went back the next day with a torch. As soon as he landed at the bottom he saw a thick vein of gold - nearly as tall as he -  running through hard dolomite. Within a few months the little village of Windrest became a bustling city, the second largest in all of Jandria.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mines poured into the hills. This was long before the Empire, long before the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91engineer\u8217\'92 had ever been uttered, so there was no notion of how to manage the forces of tension and compression underground. When the people of Windrest dug into the earth they put up wood beams and packed the walls tight with a kind of cement, but that was it. They didn\u8217\'92t understand that the dolomite there was fiercely jointed. The odd cave-in here and there should have served as a warning. To them it was just the cost of doing business.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worse is that these mines weren\u8217\'92t put in with any thought to how they ran up against the water to the east, or up under the weight of the mountains to the west. They only thought about chasing the veins of gold wherever they went - and they went everywhere, even under the now massive city of Windrest. If you were to draw a map of the mines at the peak of the frenzy, it would be easier to outline the negative spaces than to draw the individual tunnels outright. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All this came to a head when a miner working his way east put a crack in a rock that was holding back the tides of the Strait. Saltwater rushed into the mine, tearing out the wooden supports as it went. It  ripped the cement from the walls and filled up jointing of the dolomite. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the bedrock fell, everything else fell with it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Windrest included. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One hundred thousand people were swallowed up by the earth. In those ancient days it was the greatest loss of life that had ever been recorded in a one day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a time people called the place cursed. It was only when folks dared to move back in that parables about the unintended consequences that unbridled greed can bring. They named the new city they built Mudwater, as landslides fell into the western back of the newly widened inlet with enough regularity to keep the water muddy until it flowed out and into the strait.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the years the landslides grew more infrequent until they stopped altogether. The water had cleared up but the name was stuck. Even if hte old stories werent enough to remind the people who lived there of the folly, every now and then a sinkhole would open up under their feet and remind them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the little girls runs to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91uncle pyetle\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 YOu little brat! Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you know I just killed your father?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look at the poor thing. Can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be older than four. She\u8217\'92s no idea what\u8217\'92s going on. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle kicked her off him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo comes off as nice guy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle like, bullo seems nice moteah}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah is like hiss, Bullo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s raped more women and killed more men than small army. Hes a devil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theologians and Philosophers still debate the merits of the Hetian case, but common folk, like Pyetle Andramawmun, they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care from whence suffering comes, only that it comes too often. When drought hit the pole-bean farms south of Jeket, Pyetle\u8217\'92s business began to fail, and when his wife took a lover, his sanity went with it. He could not console himself with thoughts of happy Hetian villagers. The only thing that could tear his mind from the look on his wife\u8217\'92s face as she pleaded for him to stay was the rainstorm that caught him drunk in the streets of Jeket. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he staggered and slipped along the cobbled street of the Sauline Hill, he cursed Sol and all his creation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn them all! Damn them, damn them, damn them!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sol had conjured this whipping rain just to torment him. What other purpose could there be for a storm so fierce and so far out of season? Too late to revive the bean-crop. Surely, this was a joke of the Gods. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This, and this, and this, and this,\u8221\'94 he muttered, counting his sufferings. The drink kept his blood warm and his legs moving, though he was not headed anywhere in particular. When he reached the quarried cliff of the great hill, he sat down and let his feet dangle over the edge. From there he could see the city of Jeket in all its splendor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eight wide boulevards spread out from the Hill in the eight directions, and they stretched far across the alluvial plain. From these branched roads, and from these branched alleys, all ordered and angled according to the symmetry found in the Solar Fern, the plant which grows all along the banks of the Jade River. Flat and square mud brick tenements sprouted out from these stems, and scurrying amongst them were tiny specks of people. They seemed like blackflies, jumping from leaf to stem to leaf, ducking into boles and cracks, trying to keep dry while they went about their business.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Further out were the massive granite walls which ringed the city. They were distant enough from Pyetle that they seemed small. From there, a patchwork of farms and canals stretched to the banks of the Jade River, then continued on to the horizon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 High above these distant fields, massive anvil-head thunderstorms lumbered like giants, walking on misty columns of rain. Their hearts rumbled with thunder, and their bodies blocked out the sun. All was grey save for the yellow sliver of sun peeking through, but that was enough to fleck the river, the canals, and flooded fields with gold. Even the rippling puddles at Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet sparkled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was all so fresh and beautiful. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beautiful - just not meant for him. Jeket. The world. This beauty - no place in it for Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck it,\u8221\'94 he said to himself as the rain beat his back and the cold began to creep in. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not worth it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took the knife that he had just bought out of his pocket, unsheathed it, and cupped it's blade in the palm of his hand. It was an exquisite piece - a thousand specks of tin had been hammered into its cherry hilt, composing a twisting, swirling, wind-like pattern. The blade itself was so finely polished that he could see his reflection in it. He could see how his eyes were red and witless, how his nose was runny, and how his cheeks were sunk and sallow. He looked older than he wanted. Every wrinkle and furrow and sun-spot blemish was an eyesore. He was older than he felt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stabbed at the puddle with the knife. He had wasted his years of youth and vigor. He had played his hand and had lost. He was beaten by the greedier, cleverer men - them and the Gods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that he stood up, turned his back on this privileged vista, set his shoulder against the wind and rain, and made his way to Salavan Saran\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house to kill the friend who had seduced his wife. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After that, he had only to decide how he wanted to die. The most poetic end would be to wander down one of the thief infested alleys near the Heberdee Gate - one final stab in the back would be fitting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, my friend! Come in, come in,\u8221\'94 said Salavan Saran with a smile. He was a huge man, tall and rotund and wrapped in a yellow silk robe replete with roses embroidered in pink. He beckoned Pyetle past his guards and into his walled compound where his stoop was covered and safe from the rain. \u8220\'93I was beginning to wonder if you were coming,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Marta and the girls are out, so it\u8217\'92s just us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope Marta was able cook a little something before she left,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he climbed up the white-plaster steps to join Salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes, I told her you were on the way,\u8221\'94 Sal said with a chuckle. \u8220\'93She finished a few potstickers before she left, just for you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your wife is Divine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed she is. And how is Claire?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle paused and removed his sandals, then stuck his feet out into the rain to wash them of mud. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I took her to the Fordwell the other day,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah yes, I recall; you said you two were having some issues. Did your little sojourn through nature have the desired effect?\u8221\'94 Sal asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see,\u8221\'94 said Sal as he gave Pyetle a practiced but insincere look of concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The little man was a pitiful sight, so drenched and drunk as he was. His skinny neck had always seemed like it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t possibly support the bulk of his head, now it seemed to have finally given up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re soaking,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, \u8220\'93Let me get you a towel and some clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, that\u8217\'92s fine, I won\u8217\'92t won\u8217\'92t be long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I insist,\u8221\'94 Salavan said. He clapped his hands and a servant boy rushed out with some towels and a simple white tunic. Pyetle followed the boy into a washroom, dried and changed, then came out into the main hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if an honored position on the Sauline Hill were not enough, Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s home was nearly as large and as tall as any other in Jeket, and its opulence was second to none. It had cost Sal three siver-strings of imported lumber just to burn enough lime to make enough plaster to coat the massive walls. The rare paints for the fresco that wrapped around the open-roofed atrium took another fortune more - though it was all worth it, for it was a magnificent work of art, in skill and in subject. It depicted Sol at the very moment of his apotheosis - the sun-god wore a beatific smile, clearly pleased with the sight of his sword as plunged in between his father\u8217\'92s shoulder blades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To business then!\u8221\'94 Salavan exclaimed as he appeared from behind Pytele. He clapped the little man on the back and waved him up to the second floor, where dinner awaited. As they took the stairs, Salavan tried to prepare Pyetle with some flattering remarks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, you know I\u8217\'92ve been impressed with how you\u8217\'92ve handled things, considering the circumstances. Lesser men would have blamed someone else. Blamed me, even.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blamed you?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you know, I\u8217\'92m the one who first suggested you get into beans all those years ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t matter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quite right,\u8221\'94 Salavan said with confidence. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m talking about. It\u8217\'92s on to the next opportunity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no. That\u8217\'92s not why it doesn\u8217\'92t matter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Claire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I see. Business can wait, I suppose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I really thought the Fordwell would rekindle what we had. It really was beautiful. Sol could have descended in a cloud right then and there to give us a blessing. I mean it was a }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 beautiful}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  day.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, so is today - in it\u8217\'92s own way.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The second floor had a high ceiling and high windows that offered a stunning view of the evening sky. By now, the rains had started to move on, and they made room for Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden light to shift into pink and purple pastels as it played on the city and the clouds all around. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Common to the fashion of the Solean elite, the furnishings of Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s second story were muted and tasteful so as to pick up Sol\u8217\'92s light. Here the floor was covered in massive rugs that were subtly patterned and white and trimmed with glittering gold ropes. They served as giant picture frames for the colors that Sol threw upon them. There were pillows upon pillows for comfort, with gold tassels and ivory lace threading them together. In one corner the floor had been carved out to accommodate a hefty hotstone. It was heated by the kitchen below and a burning brazier above, and it was already portioned with meats. At the sides of the stone were reclining chairs made of rope strung into angled ebony frames. Pyetle sighed as he reclined into his, then munched on a potsticker that he had pulled from the hotstone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Half an hour ago, the rain was cold and overwhelming. Now, it was a cozy and soothing murmur set against the warm light of fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Claire has been the hardest bit for me,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said in between bites. \u8220\'93The drought, the losses, the caravans, the thieves, I can handle those. But her\u8230\'85 I invested myself into her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two aren\u8217\'92t separating, are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle sighed again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She was cheating on me, Salavan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle eyed Salavan warily, trying to catch a hint of worry - but Salavan was too shrewd to let anything slip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, you\u8217\'92re in a tragic spot and I\u8217\'92m sorry for that,\u8221\'94 Sal said as he lit up a wrap of freeweed before settling into his chair. \u8220\'93But, I\u8217\'92ve got to be honest - I can\u8217\'92t relate to what you are going through. I\u8217\'92ve heard stories of loves-lost and loves-lorn and I\u8217\'92ve tasted it a little, but, well you know that Marta and I were kids when we were married.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 Sal said before taking a long drag from his wrap, \u8220\'93I can give you financial and business advice, but what you need right now, I can\u8217\'92t give it to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle bit into another potsticker, and he savored the sweet peach sauce in which the shredded chicken had been baked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is so good,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93If only I could steal Marta from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are certainly welcome to try,\u8221\'94 Sal said, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose I would fail.\u8221\'94 Pyetle moaned. \u8220\'93At this point, I would have to pay for it if I wanted intimacy.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s this face. This damned body. Like my father\u8217\'92s - I don\u8217\'92t understand how he ever got a woman to stick with him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Claire\u8217\'92s not that shallow. Besides, your father was richer than I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8220\'93 Pyetle asserted, eager not to be distracted from his task. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sal took another drag from his wrap before continuing on to his point. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just settle for a woman that will have you for your money. You\u8217\'92ve not got much of it left, but any little bit of money has a way of motivating a person to look deeper into a Being. First she\u8217\'92ll have you for your money, and I trust, in time, she\u8217\'92ll have you for you. The more money you make, the closer she\u8217\'92ll get.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been married to Claire for 13 years, Sal. If that wasn\u8217\'92t long enough to\u8230\'85 are you saying I should move on already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sal leaned back in his ornamented chair and folded his hands across his stomach. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve spent your whole life getting what you want in the way that you want it, Pyetle, except this one thing. You\u8217\'92re spoiled - no, that\u8217\'92s not fair - You\u8217\'92re stubborn. Women of consequence, women like Claire, they pick up on that as soon as you open your mouth. No one wants to be stuck with a stubborn ass for a lifetime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flippancy was disturbing. Sal looked down his nose at the broken man, and in the flickering firelight he caught the glimmer of tears streaking down Pyetle\u8217\'92s face. Sal looked away in disgust, and caught sight of the horizon. There, Sol\u8217\'92s light was dimming, the rain was letting up, and through it he could make out the evening song of Swassel birds drifting in on a cool breeze. The mood would have been delightful if it weren\u8217\'92t for Pyetle\u8217\'92s sorrow clouding the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have some freeweed,\u8221\'94 Sal demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, I may not know the depths of your sadness -\u8221\'94 Salavan said with a sarcastic bite, \u8220\'93but I\u8217\'92ve had my share of sadness in general, and a wrap of freeweed blunts its edge. It\u8217\'92s the only thing I can offer you. Take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle wiped his eyes with the palm of his hand and tried to compose himself before taking a wrap from the tray near him. He then stood up to light it in the fire that burned above the hotstone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think this is it for me,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he rolled the tip of the wrap in the flame. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m done. I\u8217\'92m finally done with it all. I\u8217\'92m going to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Sal asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to make me say it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle simply smiled, turned his chair to face Salavan, and sat back down to nurse his freeweed and glare at Salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92ve considered all alternatives. I don\u8217\'92t need to remind you that in the eyes of the Gods killing yourself is the same as killing any other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alternatives...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever get to hear old Pella Germin preach?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t go in for that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I heard her preach once. She said that we are expected to kill ourselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did she?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She said something like, \u8216\'91Corruption is a stain that does not wash off. To be free of it, to achieve peace, you must first kill yourself.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were there when she preached this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was. For a while I marked it as the ravings of a Dreamer, especially considering what came of her. But, in time, I saw some wisdom in it. Perhaps I put the wisdom there, but it felt like I found it. So tell me, have you tried killing yourself? Figuratively, I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what that means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It means, try living for a little bit as if Pyetle Andramawmun were dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a bit heretical, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no. Follow me here. From this moment on, Pyetle is dead, and residing inside this fleshy vessel is whoever you want to put in there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it were possible... Well, what? I should just pretend I\u8217\'92m not me? I don\u8217\'92t think it works that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Sal leaned forward. The freeweed was working its energy into him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your broken heart is there because }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  put it there. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Pyetle}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  put it there. If you kill Pyetle, he can no longer stop you from throwing away his treasure.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 put it there?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! You must see that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should blame myself for what other people have done to me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You take no responsibility?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d sooner blame you, Sal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? You didn\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92d find out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Salavan, I saw you two fucking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The accusation fell like a hammer blow, it flattened out the mood and stunned Salavan into silence. He narrowed his eyes, sat back in his chair, and glared at Pyetle while the moment passed between them. Only when it was good and gone did he grunt and snarl and huff and say , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Pyetle leapt up out of his chair, his face flushed and his limbs tight with purpose. He reached into his tunic for his knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had left it with his wet clothes downstairs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re so god-damned stupid,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re looking for this?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knife out of his own pocket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know I was wondering about this - I know you\u8217\'92re one of those loony Dreamer types who never travel armed, and so I wondered\u8230\'85 but I thought you were just going to kill yourself. But my! How could I forget - you\u8217\'92re an ambitious man!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stood up. The great bulk of him dwarfed Pyetle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knees almost buckled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, I\u8217\'92m impressed,\u8221\'94 Salavan continued. \u8220\'93Perhaps now you realize the strength of your own Will. No doubt at some point in your miserable life you\u8217\'92ve tasted it - the thought of something you could do, something you }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 wanted}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to do, but wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dare, because what kind of a }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 man }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 would do such a thing? And now here you are! Doing it! Well, you tried to. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the attempt I admire.\u8221\'94 He took a step forward. \u8220\'93But here, let me show you how it\u8217\'92s done.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle turned to run, but Salavan kicked out at his feet. It was enough to knock a drunken Pyetle to the carpet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan pounced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold still, Pyetle! Hold still!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop! Help!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan used his great strength to wrestle Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flailing limbs into submission, and used his weight to squeeze the air from Pyetle\u8217\'92s lungs. He delighted in the pitiful sound that Pyetle made as he wheezed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever dream of committing murder?\u8221\'94 Salavan asked. He put the knife up against Pyetle\u8217\'92s throat. \u8220\'93You chew on your Will in your dreams and here you\u8217\'92ve tried to let it out, but it\u8217\'92s gotten stuck, and what\u8217\'92s this? It\u8217\'92s welling up in your throat.\u8221\'94 Salavan peered into Pyetle\u8217\'92s gasping mouth. \u8220\'93Yes, I can see it!\u8221\'94 Salavan exclaimed with glee. \u8220\'93Hah! I can see it there inside of you now! The way everything is }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 squirming}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in there.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 He set the knife\u8217\'92s blunt edge against Pyetle\u8217\'92s tongue and pressed down. \u8220\'93Yes! Gods, you really fucked this up Pyetle. When you pass on into the Hell, that should be your final thought, that this is }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  your fault.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tears streamed down Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face and his lungs burned in agony. Salavan paused his ramblings to delight in the picture. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no greater feeling,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vision started to blur, he thought he could see something at the window - a shadow of a figure. It pulled itself up and into the room. It was shrouded and skinny and tall, absolutely massive, nearly the height of the ceiling. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle thought that Death incarnate had come. His time was at an end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan screamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93EAAAUUUGHHH!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The knife fell from Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth and Salavan tumbled off him to the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle coughed and spat and wriggled up against the wall. When his vision cleared he saw that Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm was struck with an arrow. At the window was a man, a giant man, taller than even Salavan by at least a foot. At his side was a massive bow. He knocked another arrow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thief! Brigand!\u8221\'94 Salavan yelled, clutching at his pierced arm. He scrambled to his feet and ran towards the stairs, but he stopped when he saw that it was blocked by another hooded figure. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A short, squat man all wrapped in black ascended the stairs. He held a scimitar in his hand, and pointed it towards Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fat belly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill, what are you doing here?\u8221\'94 Salavan asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know why. No games,\u8221\'94 Hill said. His speech was thick with a southern Jandrian lilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take what you will and be gone!\u8221\'94 Salavan shouted, but Hill ignored him. Instead, he pointed with his sword to the giant at the window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know who is he?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan twisted round. He had never seen a man as broad or as tall, but he had heard stories. This could only be the famous Giant of the Junei. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, he is Ayram.\u8221\'94 Hill walked round to where Ayram stood. He gave quick glance to Pyetle, who sat frozen on a heap of pillows. \u8220\'93Ayram is boss, and you make me look bad.\u8221\'94 Hill poked Salavan in the stomach with his sword and then cut the knot which held Salavan\u8217\'92s robe together. It fell apart to reveal a large, hairy belly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram trust me, I trust you, you betray me, it look like I betray Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Betray you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No games.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dammit Hill! At least tell me what you think I did.\u8221\'94 He turned to plead with Ayram. \u8220\'93Ayram, Ayram whatever this cretin told you about me -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill lashed out with his sword-arm and cut Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly. It wasn\u8217\'92t deep, but the speed and shock of it put Salavan off balance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You little demon!\u8221\'94 he roared. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill just tut-tutted and shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You no talk to Ayram,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You deal with me. You broke }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 my}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  trust.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you think it is that I did - I didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. We play game.\u8221\'94 Hill lashed out again and cut an X into Salavan\u8217\'92s belly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93STOP! Hill! Just tell me what the Hell is going on!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You give me bad information. I give it to Ayram. My friends die. You deny this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? You think I set you up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill, you fucking idiot. Why the Hell would I do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is why we be here. To find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill\u8230\'85 Ayram... You people are more valuable to me than anything. I would never betray you or whatever it is you think. Go ahead! Take whatever you want. There\u8217\'92s no need for this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill took a step towards Ayram. His face passed into deadly seriousness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The call on that caravan - where you get it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m the exchequer for the mining guild. I have access to all of the -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t a mining column.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes it was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was Imperial cavalry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Imperial cavalry? I pointed you towards a Sheldri company caravan. Seventy-two hands. Five wagons. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seventy two, yes. Five, yes. But one Seilsi. You left that out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was a Seilsi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan stumbled over his next words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A - a Seilsi? What would a Seilsi be doing with -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I have no -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill plunged his sword into Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thigh. Salavan doubled over then crumpled down to the ground. His blood dripped on to the carpet, and it spread out over the intricate gold patten and soaked deep into the white fibers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please! Please!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill pulled out his sword and slapped Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side with it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You a big man, Sal.\u8221\'94 Hill said. \u8220\'93Ayram, how many he can take?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stood still, towering over the scene, stroking his beard with his fingers. He did not respond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill tilted his head from side to side as he appraised Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s great bulk, then he poked it with his finger to test its firmness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very fat. I can cut it all off if you like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me do some asking. If what you say is true -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You doubt the Truth?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No! No. Just let me do some asking. I was set up, same as you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really not know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t! I swear to the Gods I didn\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill looked at Ayram. He nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill lifted his sword above Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93Let the little man do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All three of them looked at Pyetle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, right?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram walked over and picked up Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knife. He stood close enough that Pyetle, looking up, could see his face. The brazier\u8217\'92s fire lit it up from underneath so that his sunken cheeks cast shadows over his eyes. Pyetle could feel his glare digging into him, digging right through his own eyes and into his mind, into his soul, even. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what you came here to do,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. He held out Pyetle\u8217\'92s knife. It seemed like a toothpick in his massive, calloused palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m not\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, don\u8217\'92t worry. I heard the whole thing. You\u8217\'92re a man after my own heart, Pyetle. He deserves it. Let me help you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He reached down and grabbed Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s upper-arm then lifted him up like a child and set him onto his feet. His tight grip seemed so rigged with strength and vigor that Pyetle thought he might snap the bone with an easy squeeze - but Ayram wasn\u8217\'92t rough. With a paternal touch he guided Pyetle along to where Salavan knelt, and then placed the knife in Pyetle\u8217\'92s hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan cowered in the flickering firelight, bleeding all over, eyes stuck wide with fear. His heavy breathing was the loudest thing in the room. Pyetle no longer saw him as a man, as an enemy, but an animal - just meat and bone and terror. He expected Salavan to plead for mercy. He even hesitated to wait for it. When it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come he almost asked Salavan if he wanted it, and in his excited mood he might have given it, but his lips quivered and sank and he put the knife up to Salavan\u8217\'92s throat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A last thought, Salavan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sweat beaded down the sides of Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. He glanced round the room - over to Hill, up to Ayram, and when his eyes settled at last on Pyetle he furrowed his brow and opened his mouth to speak, but before he could get out a word Pyetle split his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan fell forward, face down into the carpet. He gargled and gasped, one arm clutching his throat, one pulling on Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tunic. Pyetle tried to swipe it away, but Salavan\u8217\'92s grip was still strong. As Pyetle staggered back he dragged Salavan along so that his body painted a bloody swath across the rug. Finally, Pyetle slashed at Salavan\u8217\'92s arm with his knife and that was enough to get rid of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a few moments, after a few spasms, Salavan was dead.  His sprawling corpse and in his pooling blood was neatly framed by the rectangle of the rug\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden trim. His head was even placed on a perfect third, drawing the eye. It was as if Sol had composed the canvas himself so that His twilight could play over the gruesome scene with the firelight, affirming to all who were present His majesty, His Will, .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan, at least, had come to a poetic end.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Somebody\u8217\'92s coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram bounded over to the window and drew his bow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The wife.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold it!\u8221\'94 Pyetle yelled. \u8220\'93Hold it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both Hill and Ayram looked back at Pyetle for an explanation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s done nothing wrong!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing you know,\u8221\'94 said Hill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She doesn\u8217\'92t deserve to die,\u8221\'94 Pyetle pleaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deserved to be made a widow, though?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked down at his feet. Ayram laughed and loosened his draw. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No worries, my little drunk man. No worries. Come, let us depart.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill jumped out of the window and into evening sky. Ayram tossed Pyetle down after him, then leapt along beside. The each scurried into the shadow of the wall. Hill moved like mouse, and Ayram seemed to be shadow himself. Pyetle stumbled along and nearly gave them away as Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wife, Marta, and her two girls made their way up the stoop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two brigands circled around behind and out the gate, and Pyetle followed along as best he could. Twice, out in the street, he lost track of them. Drunk as he was it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hard, but even sober it would have been difficult; Hill and Ayram were nearly as one with shadow and the shadows grew long as the sun had begun to set. When Ayram doubled back the second time he took a hold of Pyetle\u8217\'92s wrist and did not let go again for the rest of the journey through Jeket\u8217\'92s streets and alleys. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle was content to be led. He only needed to keep his feet moving. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to work. He didn\u8217\'92t want to think. He wanted only to cry and to be done with it. When at last they came to a stop inside of a secluded shrine to the Dreamer, he collapsed to his knees and begged to left alone. When Hill opened the door to a little crypt behind the Dreamer\u8217\'92s eye, Ayram picked Pyetle up and carried him under his arm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill lit a torch. Inside the shrine there were three plain stone sarcophagi. Hill kicked the lid of the center one open. Pyetle peered into and was surprised to see that there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a mummified corpse, there was a hole. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is that?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The way out.\u8221\'94 Hill said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where does it lead?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It be the Underworld?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Underworld?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked in a frightened whisper. \u8220\'93Here? A passage down is here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re everywhere,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93You just have to know where to look.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that he tossed Pyetle down into the hole, then dived in after him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Ayram interrogating Salaman,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m trying to figure out why you told me it was gold out there. You know what I\u8217\'92m trying to do out here. You know I\u8217\'92d jump at the chance to take out a Mazydei. So when I was knocked out by his blast of power, you know what I was dreaming about for two days? Why would Salavan lie to me about it? Why tip me off to a shipment of gold that isn\u8217\'92t there, and instead lead me into the lion\u8217\'92s den?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, fawning. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re here, you killed him! It\u8217\'92s all good! Good!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can only think of two reasons why you\u8217\'92d set me up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Set you up? No! No. Set up the Imperial scum, sure. Not you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you could have told me. I might not have lost thirty Ayramun that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thirty Ayramun? Forgive me, Ayram. Forgive for saying, with all due respect, that thirty Ayramun is a small price to pay for killing one of the nine, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram gets real close, as if to show by his sheer size that he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t afraid of anything. The mere suggestion that Salavan was up to things Ayram wasn\u8217\'92t was an inslut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They were Ayramun, Salavan. They were me. You\u8217\'92ve a blood debt to pay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram motions to Hill, who gave shrill whistle. Then Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s family came marching up the stairs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Horror in their faces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me why you set me up. You figured the Mazydei would kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill you? Nonsense. Impossible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was it then? Why not just tell me I was up against a Mazydei. You wanted to make sure I killed the beast instead of taking him captive? I think you know they\u8217\'92re worth more to me alive than dead. That\u8217\'92s the only other thing that makes sense here - that he knew something about something and you didn\u8217\'92t want to risk it getting to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take a Mazydei captive? Nonsense. They\u8217\'92re too powerful to be -\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words were cut short by a knife to the neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m only going to ask you this once: What\u8217\'92s going on that you don\u8217\'92t want me to know about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan glances down at the blade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, this knife here, not going kill you with it. See there\u8217\'92s a knife just like it up against your wife\u8217\'92s neck. Just want you to feel the edge like she\u8217\'92s feeling it. Same shock of fear. Maybe it will sober you up and come clean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re\u8230\'85 You\u8217\'92re going to kill her anyways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but Salavan\u8230\'85 because of your}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  lifestyle}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 and he stressed the word \u8216\'91lifestyle\u8217\'92 as his eyes cast about the room with a disapproving glare, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t expect you to really feel the weight of what I\u8217\'92m about to say, but not all deaths are the same.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram could read the confusion writtin on Salavan face, his gibbering lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen people die in seconds. I\u8217\'92ve seen people suffer years of torment. And it\u8217\'92s not just a matter of time. I\u8217\'92ve seen people suffer years in seconds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}