{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78697"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 The two frontiers : A study in historical psychology by John Gould Fletcher | Project Gutenberg}}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 About no word of the historian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vocabulary has there been so much argument and so little agreement as about the word \u8220\'93civilization.\u8221\'94 There are those who, with Spengler, would take it to denote the final stage of every great culture; a stage of which the chief features are overcrowding in great cosmopolitan cities, decline of agriculture, predominance of finance, prevailing economic crises, and the rule of dictatorships and mobs; a rapid decline of the fine-arts into sterile repetition of worn-out patterns and formulas; religion as a mere question of conventional state worship, not as a creative popular force; an increasing search for banal pleasures and barren distractions; a growing economic distress caused by pressure from below. Others, even more radical than Spengler, would\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 9]qualify civilization as a disease, and postulate a return to savagery as its only possible cure. But even savagery, as we know, is not without formal culture; and civilization, if we are to use the word at all, is a development of formal culture. Perhaps the best definition of civilization is that of Gobineau; \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a state of relative stability, in which multitudes bind themselves to seek peacefully the satisfaction of their needs, and refine their intelligence and their morals.\u8221\'94 The crucial point of this definition is to be found in the word \u8220\'93stability.\u8221\'94 This stability is achieved by the general adoption of one system of religion, of one style of art and architecture, of one system of rule. Its nature is expressed alike in great public monuments, in details of domestic life, and in the preservation of written records and calendar-measurements. It is above all, a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 state}{\f0\fs24\b0 ; fluctuating according to economic conditions, invasions from without, expansions or contractions of effort, fresh racial intermixtures. And as such, its past manifestations display many of the leading characteristics of its recent manifestations which appear in every newspaper to-d}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain }