{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I had an overdose on cocaine on christmas. That's when my family learned about my substance abuse, self harm and suicidal thoughts. I promised and kept my promise of not taking anymore drugs. They told me that I shouldn't have kept my feelings a secret and they would be there for me, to call if I feel bad, suicidal or about to relapse. I started therapy and medication.\line Now I have good days and really bad days. My family, but specifically my dad, are critical of me when I have depressive behaviour, am serious, and don't engage much in conversation. He scolds me when I take too long to complete non-essential tasks (like not doing urgent errands, not getting a job even though I'm severely depressed, have extremely low energy, and don't need money or take from others since I got a rental income). He complains about how I am fine some days and not okay some days. Everything they demand from me is exactly how I am on cocaine, but they don't want me to take cocaine, but hate who I am sober.\line How can they say I shouldn't have hidden my feelings when that's what they always ask from me? When I have the slightest amount of energy I have to use it to act as if I'm fine, cause they can't even stand me not smiling and not being fun to be around.\line There's no place for me to exist as myself.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain }