{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Panpsychism }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -fundamental unit of experience as the wave function}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - wave function/entanglement as how discrete experiential units of experience are joined into one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - a consciousness is a complex system of entangled particles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.oxfordmartin.ox.ac.uk/news/2018011-quantum-entanglement"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.oxfordmartin.ox.ac.uk/news/2018011-quantum-entanglement}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Explains the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91immediacy\u8217\'92 and continuation of consciousness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Valuable for memory - stored entangled experiences accessed later by the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91observer\u8217\'92 pattern.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think this question arises from a simple misunderstanding of what a wave function is. The wave function of a particle doesn't need to be "wavy". The description of a system in quantum mechanics is always given via its state-vector in the Hilbert space and that can always be translated to the wave function of the said system in a basis of your choice, e.g., the position basis or the momentum basis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wave function\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u968\'3F(x)\u968\'3F(x)\~of a particle in position basis simply gives you the probability amplitude of the particle at position\~xx\~which is a complex number, i.e., it gives you two bits of information:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The magnitude gives you the probability (density) that you would find the particle in the vicinity of\~xx\~if you measure its position.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The phase gives you the information that you'd need on top of the probability (density) to construct the wave function in some other basis, e.g., the momentum basis, so that you can calculate the probabilities (probability densities) associated with the measurement of its momentum.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, the point is that there is always a wave function of a particle -- regardless of whether it is very localized and point-like or not.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As to why wave functions are nonetheless called wave functions, I think it's a historic relic. There are two tangible historic reasons that resulted in this naming, I think:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The position-basis wave function of a particle that has a definite momentum is\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8764\'7Eeipx\u8764\'7Eeipx\~and it is actually wavy. These are the famous de Broglie matter waves.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The time-evolution equation that all wave functions satisfy is called the Schrodinger wave-equation (because it was the equation that was followed by the de Broglie waves, I suppose). One should note that the Schrodinger equation is not exactly a wave-equation although it admits wave solutions. It's more like a diffusion equation with an imaginary diffusion coefficient.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.richardcarrier.info/archives/16013"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.richardcarrier.info/archives/16013}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~In the illustrative scholium to proposition seven of book two of the\~}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 Ethics}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~([1677] 1985) Spinoza writes:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 a circle existing in nature and the idea of the existing circle, which is also in God, are one and the same thing \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 therefore, whether we conceive nature under the attribute of Extension, or under the attribute of Thought \u8230\'85 we shall find one and the same order, or one and the same connection of causes\u8230\'85.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 Leibniz\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s view is sometimes caricatured as: Spinoza with infinitely many substances rather than just one. These substances Leibniz called\~}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 monads}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~(Leibniz [1714] 1989). Since they are true substances (able to exist independently of any other thing), and since they are absolutely\~}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 simple}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 , they cannot interact with each other in any way. Yet each monad carries within it complete information about the entire universe. Space, for Leibniz, was reducible to (non-spatial) similarity or correspondence relationships between the intrinsic natures of the monads.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 An important figure in the development of panpsychist thought is Arthur Schopenhauer (1788\endash 1860). Schopenhauer was influenced by Kant\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s view that we lack an understanding of reality as it is in and of itself, but he made a crucial exception for the immediate knowledge one has of oneself. Taking\~}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1 will}{\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \~to be the fundamental quality one is aware of in introspection, Schopenhauer thus theorised that will is the inner nature of all things. This line of reasoning bears a striking similarity to, and indeed is an important influence on, the contemporary Russellian monists, whom we will discuss below.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Later David Griffin, in\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Unsnarling the World Knot}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(1998)}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Freeman 2006; Skrbina 2009; Blaumauer 2011; Alter & Nagasawa 2015; Br\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u252\'FCntrup & Jaskolla 2016; Seager 2020; Goff & Moran 2021.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Luke Roelofs (2019) has developed a particularly detailed form of constitutive micropsychism.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Emergentist panpsychism in turn takes two forms. Gregg Rosenberg (2004) and Godehard Br\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u252\'FCntrup (2016) have each defended a form of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 layered}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~emergentism, according to which human minds\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 co-exist}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~with the micro-level conscious subjects that give rise to them and sustain them throughout their existence. The resulting picture is structurally similar to the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93British emergentism\u8221\'94 of the 19}{\f0\fs24\b0\super th}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and early 20}{\f0\fs24\b0\super th}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~century: in both pictures new fundamental entities and forces appear when matter reaches a certain level of complexity.}{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/panpsychism/notes.html#note-10"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super 1}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 0}{\f0\fs24\b0\super ]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~However, panpsychist emergentists are arguably committed to a less radical form of emergence than non-panpsychist emergentists, as the emergent entities are of the same kind as the micro-level entities from which they emerge.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 William Seager (2016) and Hedda Hassel M\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u248\'F8rch (2014, 2018) have independently defended a non-layered form of panpsychist emergentism, which we can call \u8220\'93fusionism\u8221\'94. According to fusionism, when micro-level subjects come together to form a human mind they don\u8217\'92t compose it as bricks compose a house, rather they as it were fuse into it, ceasing to exist in the process. On Seager\u8217\'92s view the post-fusion conscious brain entirely lacks parts; it is a \u8220\'93big simple\u8221\'94. On M\u248\'F8rch\u8217\'92s view the post-fusion conscious brain still has parts, but whereas pre-fusion the brain was dependent for its existence on its parts, post-fusion the parts are dependent for their existence upon the brain. M\u248\'F8rch develops her view as a form of the integrated information theory of consciousness, a leading neuroscientific theory of consciousness which arguably has panpsychist implications (for more on the integrated information theory of consciousness, see the entry on\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/consciousness-neuroscience/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 the neuroscience of consciousness}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ).}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~David Papineau (2001) has argued (i) that neuroscience and cellular biology show no sign of the existence of distinctive causal powers associated with biological consciousness, and (ii) that this counts strongly against emergentism of any kind.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This observation leads to the related point that panpsychism offers no useful insight into consensus explanatory targets for consciousness science. Asserting that consciousness is fundamental and ubiquitous does nothing to shed light on why an experience of blueness is the way it is, and not some other way. Nor does it explain anything about the possible functions of consciousness, nor why consciousness is lost in states such as dreamless sleep, general anaesthesia, and coma.8 In acknowledging that the putative consciousness of a single electron will be unimaginably different from the consciousness of a human being (p.113), we find the implicit concession that adopting panpsychism has no implications for explaining anything about subjective properties of consciousness as they pertain to conscious organisms. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Solving the combination problem does not address this criticism, since the combination problem concerns how already-conscious things are combined, or dissociated, into other conscious things. At most, it would offer a highly indirect way of explaining the basis of characteristic properties of consciousness, real problem style, but to which the core panpsychist assumption adds nothing besides other, uniquely panpsychist, problems. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Worst of all for panpsychism is that it is not itself testable, and that it does not lead to testable predictions. The challenges are overwhelming, going far beyond the difficulties of relating subjective reports to objective (e.g., neural) data. How can one begin to assess whether an electron is conscious? How does assuming panpsychism lead to any new testable predictions about consciousness whatsoever, whether in electrons, octopuses, or philosophers? The absence of responses to questions like these in Goff\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s otherwise comprehensive manifesto is striking. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Ultimately, it is precisely the broader appeal of panpsychism, which Goff traces to Arthur Eddington, that guarantees its empirical impotence. Associating consciousness with the intrinsic \endash  rather than the dispositional \endash  nature of things guarantees that the property of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91being conscious\u8217\'92 cannot itself make an experimentally measurable difference to anything, since to do so would require a dispositional aspect. [The flip side of this conclusion is also worrying. As Sean Carroll points out in his commentary (Carroll, 2021), if the property of being conscious were to make a difference to things at a fundamental level, this would mean modifying the known laws of physics, which is not to be undertaken lightly.] }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The main problem with a materialist account of consciousness is that\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 it struggles to explain how physical processes in the brain, which are purely objective and quantitative, can give rise to subjective, qualitative conscious experience}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~- often referred to as the "hard problem of consciousness";\~essentially, it's difficult to see how mere neural activity could produce the "what it is like" quality of conscious perception.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {As sean Carroll might say, science involves quantitative language  - vs. Qualitative language of consciousness.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 the laws of physics don't need any augmenting to ultimately account for consciousness.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Physicalist - world is made of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91stuff\u8217\'92 which obey the laws of physics - that stuff create new emergent phenomena - collection of underlying stuff which obey the law of physics.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Dualism - both mind and physical world are fundamental/distinct. - David Chalmers - naturalistic dualist.psychophysical laws of nature - connect the two. They interact in a law goverened way.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The views - mind fundamental, phys emerges - phys fundamental, mind emerges - both fundamental. These are experimentally equivalent.}
\par\plain {E.g.}
\par\plain {If IIT turns out to be true}
\par\plain {Physicalist - consciousness emerges when there is maximal integrated information}
\par\plain {Panpsychist - complex consciousness emerges from simpler consciousness when there is maximal integrated information}
\par\plain {Dualist - the psycho-physical laws connect consciousness to maximal integrated information.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Explanatory obligations - }
\par\plain {The physicalist is obliged to explain the world int terms of physicl science, the panpsychist is obliged to explain the world in terms of consciousness.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Goff discounts phyiscalism because of the qualitative/quantitative distinction. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Different explanatory project\u8217\'92 = telescopes are good at astronomy, probably good at pure math.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Explanatory success of panpsychism:}
\par\plain {Russel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s insight - physics is purely mathematical; the only constraint physics puts on fundamental reality concerns its mathematical structure}
\par\plain {Panpsychism = networks of very simply conscious entities behaving in simple predictable ways. Through their interactions, the simple conscious entities realise the mathematical structures of physics.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Hawking: what breathes fire in the the equations.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Carroll - we know a lot about physical world.}
\par\plain {Princess Elizabeth to decarte- if the mind has no location in space, how does it interact with the body? Decartes draws a picture of the pineal gland - maybe that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a radio reciever\u8230\'85}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Physicalism - weak emergence. }
\par\plain {Micro level - atoms, momenta, collisions, forces -> gas, volume, pressure, temperature.}
\par\plain {World appears in levels - coarse graining.}
\par\plain {Two ways of describing the same thing.}
\par\plain {Physicalist:}
\par\plain {Fields, wave function hamiltonian, observables -> chemsitry, neurons, connectome, synapses -> agents, behavior, consciousness, redness. - Youre terminology needs to stay in its level - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I felt pain because of a fluctuation in the hamiltonian\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Research program: Map out what happens physically, map out what happens mentally, relate them to eachother.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {BUT MApping does not equate to explanation!!!}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Carroll - satisfaction gap - Physicalism \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91seems unsatisfying\u8217\'92. Doesn\u8217\'92t scratch the itch.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Mary the color scientist - knows every physical fact about red.}
\par\plain {When she first experiences red, she learns something new - what it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like to see red.}
\par\plain {Therefore, there is knowledge other than physical facts - qualia.}
\par\plain {Not a challenge for the physicalist - I agree }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Fundamental dilemma for panpsychism }
\par\plain {Any specific version of panpsychism must choose between: Changing the Core Theory, Not changing the Core Theory.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {IF Change: Good luck!}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {If Not Change: I can stop listening. Why should  I care if you have this theory that changes nothing about my understanding of the physical world?}
\par\plain {Philosophical zombie - hypothetical creatures that behave exactly like ordinary people, but lack inner conscious experience. If you think that zombies are concievable, you are granting that consciousness is something that has no effect on human behavior. Carroll believe sthis undermines the panpsychist view - because the zombie thought experiment proves that the panpsychist introspection is unreliable??? Because the zombie would swear that it has those experiences, but it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.  \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  IF your theory doesn\u8217\'92t account for behavior, it doesn\u8217\'92t \u8216\'91explain\u8217\'92 consciousness at all. In my view, the reason why I want to explain consciousness is very tied up in explaining behavior.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Back to Goff:}
\par\plain {Implication - to make intelligible why red experiences have their reddish character, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to be able to articulate that reddish character in teh purely quantitative vocabulary of neuroscience. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Implication - a blind-from-birth neuroscientist could learn what it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like to see red from reading neuroscience.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Strong emergent panpsychism would require changes to physics. Weak emergent views would not.}
\par\plain {Same is true for physicalism. Strong emergentism.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {There is some other data point to account for outside of experiments - the reality of consciousness.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Back to Carroll}
\par\plain {-saying \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91consciousness\u8217\'92 is fundamental adds no real explanatory power - to say the \u8216\'91redness of red is fundamental\u8217\'92 doesn\u8217\'92t help at all to understand what red actually is.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Real question I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how to adjudicate - does physicalism count as an explanation - if we had a 100% accurate map which said, when the brain is doing this, you are feeling this conscious experience, if we had this and knew all the dynamics - does that count as explaining consciousness - I think yes, I think you\u8217\'92re done. Philip says no, there is something missing, what-it-is-like that is not being accounted for. I don\u8217\'92t know how to overcome that difference. It comes down to what you want out of a scientific theory. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In what sense can I claim that one theory explains more than the other if they predict the exact same things.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NOTE: it seems - due to decoherence - that classical physics rules at larger scales - that complex states are not actually in a superposition. But this does not exactly solve the measurement problem - which is why, when it *is* in a quantum superposition - it collapses into one choice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}