{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d say out that no one has a more intimate relationship with the Truth than a liar}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 . The Truth has a certain shape and weight and feel to it, and you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to play with it to really know you\u8217\'92ve got the genuine article, because on the surface, a lot of lies look just the same. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Religion that believes in reincarnation - there is a refining of the soul - those whose natures are able to transcend the flesh are purer, and are reborn into the world to refine themselves. As time goes on, society imiproves, because the quality of the soul improves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The more the hermit cuts h himself off from society, the more god reveals to him.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  is most often used when the author causes a character to speak or act erroneously, out of ignorance of some portion of the truth of which the audience is aware. In tragic irony, the audience knows the character is making a mistake, even as the character is making it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Immesurable world:}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It seemed to me that the chief characteristic of night in the desert was ot darkness but this light that was not the sun\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The interior rwalls re thickly plastered, bumpy nd cracked. The floor is packed earth laid with two rugs heavily nibbled by mice. I}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is the saguaros giant candelabra forms that break the line of each hillside and provide landmarks. The tallest for kilometers stands beside the cabin. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rinon mountains, the Little Rincons before.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A blade of light drops from the distant peaks of the rincons, down the foothills and towards me across the alluvial plain, until slowly, like a lava flow, the threshold where light meets shadow approaches the cabin - and then: there! The warmth as teh sun\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s rays touch the back of my head and my shadow is thrown down long before me.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The ridge separates two washes (dry, except after cloudbursts): one is broad and shallow, the other is deep and narrow and what they call an arroyo }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Book about the dangerous animals of the region, every one hair-triggered, you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d be forgiven for inferring, to sting you, bite you, mal you, or char with its fier breath. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sleeps outside because of the noise that lizards in the roof make. Noise of the desert subsumes it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I lift each of the bed\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s feet and slip containers of water under them - tin mugs, a wooden saucer, a saucepan - to keep conenose kissing-bugs or scorpions from joining me. I position the two chairs beside the bed, one at the foot, one alongside my head, and stand lanterns on them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Place scented candles around you, in the mornings the hardened wells around their wicks are black with flying insects. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most afternoons, as teh warmth first intensifies like an oven preheating, then levels off at a temperature that permits nothing but sitting in the cabin\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow cowled in a we scarf:}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Monks filter into an abbey. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I stood at the back and listened to their plainsong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Desert Fathers, the third- and fourth century solitaires of Upper Egypt, and the first of them, St. Antony. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 St. Antony and St. Paul and a loaf of bread.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When St. Antony left his home, the young man retired alone to a hut in the desert - bit it wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t far, hardly the true desert at all, just a place outside the village walls. There he was besieged by the devil\u8217\'92s temptations: memories of his former comforts, his abandoned sister, the promise of money and glory, and above all the \u8220\'93spirit of fornication.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In the bole of a dead tree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He traveled still further into the desert, deeper into the devil\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s domain, like a military scout preceding an invasion. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93By now he has become an iconic figure and must fend off acolytes as well as demons. He travels still deeper into the desert, until he reaches the place that would be his home for the rest of his life: the foothills of the south galala mountains. This story of a step-by-step progression into oblivion, from the lush Nile floodplain to the arid interior, became a model for others wishing to renounce society. According to St. Athanasius, \u8220\'93 cells filled with holy bands of men who said psalms, loved reading, fasted, prayed, rejoiced in the hope of things to come, laboured in almsgiving and preserved love and harmony, one with the other.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Even among the women, the metaphor of sexual conquest was near-ubiquitous: time and again the feminised desert was unveiled, exposed, vanquished and finally penetrated. My bedding was dusty with dried binding-glue. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For geographoers, deserts are simply places where the average annual rainfall is less than 250 millimeteres, and where precipitation, by rain or fog or dew, is exceeded by potential evapotranspiration (evaporation and the transpiration of plants). The aridity index four categories of drylands:  Hyper-arid, arid, semi-arid, and sub-humid. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The model desert journey is a progression from the sub-humid to the hyper-arid, from the Nile to the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Inner Mountain,\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the Vitae Patrum, the collected sayings and biographies of the Desert Fathers, published in the seventeenth century, we learn of the paneremos: at once the place of uttermost lifelessness, and teh locus where the desert\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s identity was most purely asserted, and that point furthest from the periphery. Polar explorers have another term: the Pole of Maximum Inaccessibility. This it seemed was the ultimate objective of every desert traeller: the axis where the absolute coexists with the infinite. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A depression the size of France, occupying a third of the Arabian Peninsula, the Empty Quarter is bounded to the north\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85. THis tremendous bowl of sand has been stirred, clockwise for perhaps two million years, by two great winds: the shamal that sweeps across the arabian gulf from Iraq, and the Kharif that brings the south-west monsoon to soak Dhofar. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rub\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 Al-Khali - none have ever crossed the heart of it. It is a name of terror throught rbia. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two kinds of tribes: those who you have a blood feud with, and those who dont. Both want your camels and arms, the second want your life as well.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It hs become difficult to be a pioneer. THe world has been done. THere are only the adventurers now, this new breed of fanatic: rangy large-toothed guys seeking not knowledge or even territory but novelty, managed suffering, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Experience\u8221\'94, mterial, sponsorship - K2 by canoe, the Amazon by bike, the North Pole on stilts. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A brief catlike rigidifying, then the recovery of sangfroid.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 VITAE PATRUM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 although there are many who will repeat all sorts of stories as the whim takes them, such as that Paul was only a man covered in hair right down to his feet living in a hole in the ground, and other invented tales too tedious to trouble with. Such impudent lies need to be refuted.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To be put to the sword for the name of Christ was held to be a true Christian sacrifice. But the enemy wanted to subdue the soul even more than the body, and they invented ingenious, lingering ways of putting people to death. As Cyprian, who suffered like that, said, 'Although they wanted to die, death was withheld from them'. I shall give you a couple of examples of this so that the cruelty of it may be more thoroughly understood.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was one particular martyr who persevered victoriously in the faith through tortures by racks and hot metal plates, so they ordered him to be smeared all over with honey and laid him out in the heat of the sun with his hands tied behind his back, hoping that even though he had survived the hot frying pan he might succumb to the burning pain of the insect bites.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They ordered another young man in the flower of his youth to be taken into a most pleasant little garden, with white lilies and red roses, and a gentle murmuring stream winding through it, and the wind making a sweet whisper though the leaves of the trees, where they made him lie down on a feather bed, and left him there, tied down with soft silken bonds to prevent him escaping. After they had all gone a beautiful prostitute came in, and began stroking his body in the most delicate of embraces, and, shameful to relate, fondling his manhood in her hands, in the hope of so inciting him to lust that she might win a shameless victory over him. I don't know how this soldier of Christ did it, or how he summoned up his resolve. But will pleasure be the victor where torments fail? For at length, inspired by heaven, he bit off his tongue and spat it in her face as she tried to kiss him. And so the immense pain which followed was stronger than the feeling of lust. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 , he came at last upon a rocky mountain with a large cave at the foot of it and a large stone over the entrance. After removing the stone and going in, eager to explore the unknown with a human curiosity, he found a spacious chamber, with an opening to the sky above covered over by spreading branches of an ancient palm tree. There was a sparkling spring there, from which a stream overflowed through a little opening, and soaked away into the earth. There were also a few little buildings near the foot of the mountain containing the knives and anvils and mallets used to strike coins; Egyptian writings tell us that this used to be the site of a secret minting factory at the time when Antony and Cleopatra were together.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Accepting gratefully this dwelling which God had given him, he began to spend his time in prayer and solitude. The palm tree provided him with both food and clothing. And lest you think that is impossible, I call Jesus and his holy Angels to witness that in that part of the desert next to the Saracens of Syria I saw myself one of the monks who had been enclosed for thirty years living on barley bread and muddy water. There was another living in an old water cistern, in the pagan tongue of the Syrians known as a cuba, who survived on five dried figs a day. Such things might seem unbelievable to those outside the faith, but all things are possible to those who do believe.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But then Hilarion found himself unwilling to put up any longer with the numbers of people coming to Antony seeking help to overcome their passions and various attacks of the demons. He said that as he was a desert dweller it was not right that he should be surrounded by crowds of city people. So Hilarion all the more decided that just as Antony was now a strong man enjoying the rewards of victory, so it behoved him to start as Antony had done.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 'He who has not renounced everything he has cannot be my disciple' (Luke 14.33). }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He wore a tunic of sackcloth, with an over-garment of skins which Antony had given him as a parting present, and he also had a rough blanket}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 suggesting how his pubescent body could be aflame with unlooked for pleasures. This little Christian novice was compelled to think about things which he had never thought about before, and a whole parade of ideas flooded through his mind about things of which he had had no experience. He got angry with himself and beat his breast with his fists as if he could drive his thoughts away by physical blows.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You little donkey!" he said to his body, "I'll see to it that you don't trample me underfoot. I'll not give you any barley. Nothing but chaff! I will tame you by means of hunger and thirst, I will weigh you down with heavy burdens, I will subject you to both cold and heat! So you will end up thinking of nothing but food instead of lust!"}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Every three or four days he maintained life in his gradually weakening body by the juice of herbs and a few figs. He prayed and sang psalms constantly, and cultivated the earth with a mattock, matching the labour of his fasting to the labour of his physical work.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At night he began to hear squalling babies, bleating sheep, bellowing cattle, wailing women, roaring lions, marching armies, and the noise as of an approaching horde of barbarians, striking terror into the heart just from the sound of it, even before coming into sight. But he understood that these were all tricks of the demons, and he flung himself down, making the sign of the cross of Christ on his forehead. Protected by that helmet and by the breastplate of faith he battled all the more strongly as he lay there, looking about here and there, trying to catch a glimpse of whatever it was that was so frightening to listen to. Suddenly, without any warning, he could see in the light of the moon a four-wheeled chariot with frenzied horses bearing down upon him. He called on Jesus, and suddenly the whole terrifying spectacle was swallowed up into a hole in the ground before his very eyes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 From the age of sixteen till he was twenty the sun and the rain kept on beating down on the little shelter he had made for himself out of reeds and grasses. Then he made a little cell for himself, which remains to this day, four feet wide and five feet high. That was much lower than his own height, though it was a bit longer than his body fully stretched out. As you can imagine, it was more like a coffin than a house. He did cut his hair, to be sure, once a year at Eastertide, but to the day of his death he slept on a bed of rushes laid upon the bare earth. Once he had put his sackcloth on he never washed it. It was quite superfluous to wash your clothes, he said. Nor did he change his other garment until it had been reduced to rags. When not reciting the prayers and psalms as if he were in the presence of God, he kept the holy Scriptures in his mind. But since there is a lot to tell you about his great deeds through all the stages of his life, I will first of all summarise his various regimes for you, before returning to the order of my tale.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  From thirty to thirty-five his food was half a loaf of barley-bread and a little bit of vegetable cooked without any oil. At this point he found that his eyes were becoming misty and his whole body began to burn with a sort of rough and scabrous impetigo, so he added a little oil to his diet and continued in this abstemious regime till the age of sixty-three, with no fruit, no pulse or anything tasty. When he felt that his body was getting weaker and the end of his life was getting near, he gave up bread, so that from his sixty-fourth year till the age of eighty, with incredible strength of mind, it was as if he were coming anew to the service of God, at an age when others begin to be a bit more relaxed. He would make a sort of weak broth of flour mingled with oil, and weight out about five ounces of it, to serve for both food and drink. And he went on like this, never eating before sunset, never relaxing his fasting, not even for holy days or when he was ill.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 where there was a woman who felt herself to be despised by her husband, because although they had been married for fifteen years she had not borne him any children. She was the first person bold enough to invade the privacy of the blessed Hilarion. Without fear or mistrust she embraced his knees.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Forgive my boldness," she said, "but please listen to my troubles. Why are you looking away? Why try to run away from someone who needs your help? Don't look at me as a woman, but just as someone utterly miserable. Don't forget that it was my sex who gave birth to the Saviour, and 'it is not the healthy who need a physician but the sick' }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The disease may have been caused by something in the air, or perhaps (as was afterwards made plain) simply in order that the name of Hilarion, the servant of God, might be glorified. For when she was told that there was a monk in the neighbouring desert, she hardly needed any persuasion from her husband to lay aside all her dignity of state and act simply like a mother. She mounted a mule, and accompanied by servants and eunuchs made her way to Hilarion.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And who could remain silent about Maiumites of Gaza? He was gathering stones for building from the seashore not very far away from the monastery, when he suddenly became completely paralysed. His working companions carried him to the Saint and he was then able to return to work immediately! Remember also the beach along the border between Palestine and Egypt. Although naturally soft, it had become hardened by the grains of sand solidifying into small stones. But little by little, although it still looked like gravel it no longer felt like gravel.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  The surrounding country had been suffering from a drought for the previous three years, and the people said that even the elements were mourning the death of Antony. Hilarion's fame was well known to the farmers round about, and both men and women, their lips bloodless and their bodies wasted with hunger, urgently begged the servant of Christ, as the successor of the blessed Antony, to pray for rain.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ^Composition Murders taking place at sacrificial altar.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The gods don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t pay taxes, so why should we?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Life is a constant battle between a desire not to lose and a desire not to think}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen - Money and religion}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla - Religions that go after the rich just don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t work. The rich are rich because they don\u8217\'92t give it up. Religion feeds on the poor. Only the poor seek hope, give up their offerings for a better life. Prophets take stands against the rich and powerful, to give the poor a hope of redistribution. Divine and eternal.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Skip bayless: Okay my turn. I am going to start with the truest truism i have ever spoken in all my years. There is one man in sports tht I do not bet against, especially when the stakes are highest.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ^Has his own name tattooed on his chest.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Taunting - hill taunts in all his victories - gets taunted in the big game.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everybody wishes in their next life, they come back as Rob (Gronkowski)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Easiest way to get people to like you is to say nothing. Encourage them to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Guy with slanted face - when he was born it just started growing in the wrong direction.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Keyshawn talking trash to dude across the line: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shut yo ass up. All that screaming. Play football. Man you a fake ass John Randle. Shut yo ass up. Screamin and shit. Fake John Randle.\u8221\'94 Turns to Brad - \u8220\'93Sorry brad, I\u8217\'92m gonna get you killed but sorry bout that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We gotta go to work right now. We gotta go to work right now boy. Right now! We gotta go to work right now!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Watch us swarm, watch us swarm.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91how you gonna stop michael vick. How you gonna stop him. Not one word was said about how somebody\u8217\'92s gonna stop this defense! Remember that. It\u8217\'92s about us, nobody else!\u8221\'94 - speech Ayram gives to the masses before big battle against the Empire.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Get your face right up in your buddy\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s look him eye to eye, exchange the fire.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dude has a bunch of lucky coins. Just rubs them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Horse giving birth. - the rest are like, we gotta fucking go. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93NO Im staying!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Boom Boom Boom!\u8221\'94 slamming his fist in the air.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Form up! Get a little bounce! }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 England vs. Ireland - systematic destruction of crops, using starvation as a weapon. Allied itself with spain, which was still at war with England. When the spainish tried to intervene, they ended up forcing their allies into a dangerously exposed position, ending up in the most decisive english battle victory of the war. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Turning victory over a violently subdued population into a lasting peace was tricky, and James used the traditional tool: plantation. Ulster was the heartland of O\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92Neill support, and it was the least anglicised, most gaelic region of ireland. Naturally, it was here that the new plantations were sent. In 1609 land confiscated form former rebels and other lords. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mostly though it was scottish protestants fleeing internecine conflict in the scottish highlands that gave the english hold in ulster. THe McDonnal clan.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seilsi speech to the barbarians about why they cannot lie - they are the rock, the foundation upon which civilization rests, the place in which all can take shelter. The city on a hill. THe guiding moral compass in a sea of chaos. <<< this but better.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You got any sacks today? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whats that?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You got any sacks today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I didn\u8217\'92t think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Judicial Murder}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Preaching liscenses - If god doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t pay taxes, why should we?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Execution of cromwell - spasm of homicidal paranoia}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The murderous dance of court politics.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The normal place for the common people is to endure and to obey.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Little speech by a Kalemite about biggest weakness is biggest strength. You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to figure out your weakness, and turn it into a strength. Uses paints as an example. Pyetle\u8217\'92s like, \u8220\'93What if my weakness is just weakness in general.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seilsians can commune with another. Kalemites are impressed by this, as thats the holy grail (their minds can touch - though some see this as a perversion of the Chain)???<<<Instigating action. <<<Before this altercation, Pyetle pledges loyalty and receives the mark. What about the Seilsian? \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92ll be fine. He\u8217\'92s not of human blood.\u8221\'94 <<< foreshadow the fact that Seilsians are immune to the god\u8217\'92s wrath. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Also, MAzd Oro communes with another Seilsian, and that other senses some emotional attachment to Pyetle, suggest severing that link since he is no longer of use.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moment half way through where Pyetle moves from passive to active. From an observer to making plans.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Damn she fine}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shut the fuck up}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aight, she ugly}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dudee, shut up!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wahts up, first you don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want me to hit on her, now you want me to hit on her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Knives out}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dude who gave this dude a knife. NOt stable.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kalemites - little speil on how art is what they use to communicate - spiel on creativity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moving a man against his will is the best feeling that exists.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Self defence - catholic church was wary of it, on the ground that it was egoistic action, undertaken by a person strictly for his own benefit rather than for that of the community,. As such, it was directly contrary to the divine command of the gospels to turn the other cheek- so that a christian who engaged in it imperilled his immortal self and risked eternal damation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At the same time, though, individual self-defence was held to be permitted instead by natural law, which recognised a fundamental right of self-preservation as a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91naturl\u8217\'92 or instinctive feature of the human species. Strictly speaking, states hd a natural-law right of self-defence tooo, against aggressors.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Because of its status as natural-law right, no permission required from any higher authority for its exercise. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was held by John of Legnano that heavenly bodies possessed no right of self-defence, apparently because they were not \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91receptive of foreign impressions\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 self -defense was seen as an exercise of a primeval right of survival under any and all conditions - a right possessed by wrongdoers as well as by champions of justice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Preemptive action was permitted, when a foe was \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91bold and ready to strike\u8217\'92. Some slight tolerance for action after the fact as well.to strike back at his attacker even if there was no threat of a further blow. This was in the interest of allowing the victim to avoid \u8216\'91disgrace and humiliation\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91dishonour and loss of face\u8217\'92. Or, action in hot pursuit to recover property immediately after a robbery.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In principle, the rule was that selfdefence served only the very limited purpose of fending off a blow in the course of delivery or preventing the consummation of an ongoing attack. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 SOme bishops held that killing was sinful, even in a just cause, adn that penance was therefore required. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Battle of Hstings in 1066 - when the Norman bishops laid down an elaborate schedule of penances. Simply for fighting in a just war, a penance of three years was prescribed. One year of penance was required of a fighter for each enemy soldier that he knew that he hd killed. If a soldier struck an enemy but was unsure whether death had ensued or not, the penance was forty days. If the number of opponents that a soldier killed was not known, then there was to be penance of one day per week for the rest of the soldier\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s life ( or the building or endowing of a church as a substitute). There was a special rule for archers, who shot from afar and naturally would not know the effects of their cts: penance for three Lents. THe most extreme sanction was reserved for those with the improper animus. THese killings were straightforward homicide (even if the cause was just), requiring seven years\u8217\'92 penance. Even the commander himself, Duke William of NOrmandy made amends for the conflict in the form the endowing of Battle Abbey, which still stands as a tangible monument to the force of the medieval law of just wars.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The purpose of war, it must always be remembered, was not the destruction of th enemy for its own sake but rather the obtaining of justice. This principle of necessity imported a balancing test - a weighing of the suffering caused by the war, against the military advantage at stake.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91If an end is permissible, the necessary means to that end are also permissible\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Janus-Faced - having two contrasting points of view.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Second Lateran COuncil of 1139, which ruled that there should be no molesting of certain categories of noncombatants, such as clerice, pilgrims, merchants, and peasants. Also: a flat prohibition against the us of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91that murderous art of crossbowmen and archers\u8217\'92 in wars within the Christian world (These black arts continued to be permitted against infidel enemies.)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Medieval writers were fully aware that history and scripture were both replete with instances in which the wicked had vanquished the innocent on the field of battle.THis was explained in a variety of ways, such as by holding that God, acting in ways not fathomable by fallible humans, chose to allow evil-doers to prevail (presumably temporarily), possibly as a means of punishing evil acts committed on some prior occsion by the just side. But Power nd Right had no necessary connection whatsoever with one another. SO, just war was very different from a duel, in which two rivals agreed with one another in advance that the outcome of their combat would decide the issue between them and also preclude ny future quarrellingon the subject. Duelling was evil in that it converted a dispute of legal right into a mere contest of brute strength.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Victors must be just in their victory, must be scrupulously fair to his vanquished foe - must spurn temptation to extract unreasonable rewards for himself. No justification for plundering and robbing the unfortunate victims of defeat of all they possess.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just-war writing always had  certain aura of artificiality, an intricacy and detail that appealed more naturally to the subtle debater or logician than to the battle-hardened general. Never, in short, has writing about war been so largely the province of people so far removed from the actual practice of the subject.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ON the whole, evidence of the impact of just-war thought on stat practice in the Middle AGes was decidedly modest. Realists will naturally find it especially difficult to believe that the principle of animus in particular was ever very much in evidence in medieval warfare. Even the principle of personae, in which the church might be thought to have taken a particular interest, was interpreted with an impressive degree of flexibility. E.G. Pope Jon X personally leading his forces to victory against Muslim armies in 915. IN 958, Pope John XII embarked on a decidedly un-holy military campaign against Capua and Benevento with a view to enlarging the papal domains. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Law of Arms was in contrast a more practical law of warfare for the common soldier. Dealing with such matters as ransom arrangements for prisoners, taking and dividing of spoils, truces and safe-conducts and so forth. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the most part, medieval warfare presented a shocking picture of horror and brutality. There were relatively few pitched battles. A more typical method of warfare was the chevauche\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92e, whcih was a raiding expedition by mounted soldiers, dedicated to the destruction of crops, pillaging of property and general weakening of the enemy\u8217\'92s war-making capacity. Further scope for suffering by civilians was offered by the euphemistically named \u8216\'91free companies\u8217\'92 of soldiers, who hired themselves out to the highest bidder during war - commonly turning their hnds, with remarkable nimbleness, to free-lance plundering during times of peace or truce. These bodies were also known, with ominous accuracy, as les e\u8217\'92corcheurs ( scorchers). Nor did activities of free-ranging knights always measure up to the high standards o the medieval romances. Saint Peter Damian ( a bishop of Ostia in the eleventh century), for example, grumbled that the swords wielded by knights errant had created more widows and orphans than they had protected. By the end of the sixteenth century, knighthood had sunk to the leel of satire at the hands of miguel de cervantes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Letter of reprisal - seize property of foreign national from whose countrymen stole something from you.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The wrong being remedied was not the original theft, but rather the subsequent denial of justice - a failure for which the foreign stat was responsible, and by extension, all of its members. The solace of these innocent sufferers, for what it was worth, was that they were entitled to be indemnified by the original wrongdoer, whom they could pursue in the courts of their own country. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Period of grace before the seizures could begin. Another common limitation on reprisals ws the exemption of certain categories of persons or property from them. Church property was typically exempted. Also travellers, pilgrims, ambassadors, and the like, as well as merchants attending fairs. It was also common for foreign nationals who were permanent residents of the issuing state to be exempted. Scholars were frequently exempted too. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Once the reprisal process was underway it was subject to continuing judicial oversight. Property that was seized had to be brought before officials, who would certify that it fell within the terms of the reprisal grant. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Reprisal is a delegation to the letter holder of a portion of his ruler\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s sovereign powers - i.e., the ruler\u8217\'92s right to determine the distribution of property amongst persons located in the territory over which his sovereign powers extended.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Letters of Mark - like letter of reprisal but for the the frontier \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Mark\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Catholic Church, most notably, was against letters of reprisal as oppressive and contrary to the laws and natural equity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hugo Grotius, in his famous treatise ON the Law of War and Peace, publishind in 1625. Law of nations in careful contrast to the older law of nature, which had dominated international legal thought throughout the Middle Ages. Two outstanding features that distinguished it - first that it focussed on the rights and duties of stats as such, and applicable only to them. Second, concentrate on the external actions of states and thereby to forgo considerations of good faith and mental attitude and the like.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was the emancipation of statecraft in general, including international law, from the principles of interpersonal morality. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THe pioneering figure was Machiavelli, whose name became a byword for depravity amongst moralists. He was the first to stress, in the most straightforward terms, the view that the qualities that made for successful stewardship of a state were not (to put it mildly) the same as those for gaining entrance to the kingdom of Heaven. Statecraft was increasingly becoming a science in this period, with the central concern being the dispassionate identification of the corporate interest of the state as such - followed by the rational and single minded devotion to the promotion of that interest. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Doctrines and methods derived not from broad principles of morality but from a coldly unsentimental analysis of human political life as it was actually lived. Buttom up instead of the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91top down\u8217\'92 character of natural law. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Law of Nations vs Law of Nature co-existed and interwove into what we now call natural law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Emmerich de Vattel, practising diplomat as well as a treatise writer. The Law of Nations, 1758, treatment of international law in its dualistic form. A great deal mor stress on the law of nations - or \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91voluntary\u8217\'92 law as he termed it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The world \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91soldier\u8217\'92 derives from the Latin \u8216\'91solidus\u8217\'92, a roman gold coin, indicating the tie between military service and the payment of a wage.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THis shift to the law of nations from law of nature issued a shift in professionalism in warfare, including a shift towards standing armies. These standing armies encouraged moderation in many ways in warfare. Uniforms to distinguish combatants from ambient populace. So expensive that rulers were loath to take undue risks with them. Generals often avoided pitched battles where possible because of the risk of the destruction of their forces at a fell swoop. As an alternative, war of manoeuvre became the standard strategy, with thegoal being to place one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s troops in enemy territory, so as to compel the enemy to bear the brunt of supporting them. Also moderating: comparative uniformity of military strength amongst the major European powers; only modest scope for territorial gains or losses.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hamilton: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93formerly, an invading army would penetrate into the heart of a neighbouring country almost as soon as intelligence of its approach could be received\u8230\'85 The history of war, in that quarter of the globe, is no longer a history of nations subdued and empires overturned; but of towns taken adn retain; of battles that decide nothing, of retreats more beneficial than victories; of much effort and little acquisition.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was the Age of Calculation more than the Age of Reason. With the goal being the maximisation of the national interest. THe ethos of the period was therefore relentlessl utilitarian, with little place for sentiment, moralism, or ideology. ALliances were formed and dissolved in a kind of perpetual stately waltz, danced to the lilting strains of the Eurpoean balance of power. Exemplifying the new style of rulership, near to the point of caricature, was that veritable crown prince of eighteenth-centry political rationalists, the ustrian Count Kaunitz-Rittberg. He boasted of his mastery of the arcan art of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91political algebra\u8217\'92 which enabled him, with the unerring certainty of the mathematician, to thread his way through the intricate diplomatic mazes of the time. War took on the aura of a chess game, particularly in the northwestern part of Europe, with its flat terrain, network of canals, dense clustering of rich cities and chains of fortressess. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was a depressingly materialistic time, with no ideological divides, no great causes, no spirit of heroic self-sacrifice. In the practice of states, if not the ruminations of scholars, the just-war ethos was very little in evidence. Cynical statesmen had little trouble conjuring up a cause for war whenever one was needed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Voltaire:}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab A genealogist proves to a prince that he is the direct descendant of a count whose relatives had mde  family pact three or for hundred years ago with a house whose very nme has left no memory. THis house had remote pretensions to a province whose last owner had just died of apoplexy. The prince and his council conclude without difficulty that the province belongs to him by divine right. THis province, which is some hundreds of leagues distant, protests in vain that it does not know him, that it has no wish to be governed by him, that one must at least have a people\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s consent before legislateing for it. These discourses do not even reach the ears of the prince whose rights are incontestable. He immediately finds a great number of men who have nothing to do nor to lose. He dresses them in heavy blue cloth at 110 sous the ell, puts a heavy white cord round their hats, makes them turn left and right, and marches to glory.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 According to Vattle, actual state practice was scarcely less absurd than this. He maintained that the war between france and the netherlands in 1672 resulted from the irritation of the French King, Louis XIV, over the issuing of certain medals and the spreading of offensive jokes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hobbes - frank acceptance of the ways of power politics. Rejected natural law principle that peace is the normal condition of interstate relations. There is only the single quest for security in a brutally hostile world.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Contractual viewpoint - war as a duel between states, entered into by mutual consent, thereby justifying the alternate label of the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91duelling\u8217\'92 view of war. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The comes the first forays of Total War in the napoleonic era.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 _____It seems like law si the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91narrative making mechanism of the nation\u8217\'92 in the way the we are the story we tell ourselves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Grotius - a decision to resort to war is just if it consist in the execution of a right, nand unjust if it consists in the execution of an injury. - father of international law}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Law of nations - legal relationships between nation states was of a particular character, qualitatively different from those governing interpersonal contacts. Previously, law applicable to humn relations, the jus gentium (or \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91law of peoples\u8217\'92) had been seen as merely a sub-category of the general, all-encomapassing law of nature.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The source of this new body of law lay in the conscious will of the states themselves. Instead of being handed down from above, it welled up from below, blossoming out of the practices of the countries of the world.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitoria - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Invincible error\u8221\'94 of \u8220\'93Invincible Ignorance\u8221\'94: a state of affairs in which it ws not possible, even with the best efforts, to discover where justice actually lay in the case at hand. Strictly speaking, it was still the case that one party would have a justa causa while the other would not. But the war would nonetheless be just on both sides in the limited sense that both sides were free of blame. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Note: perhaps primarily this concept was applied to peoples would could not possibly have heard the word of God and so lived in a state of invincible ignorance}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Grotious applied law of nations to situations where war between states was one of invincible doubt. Voluntary law would look not to the substantive justice of the legal claims but instead to a definite formality in the conduct of war. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93 If the enemy observes all the rules of formal warfare, we are not to b e heard in complaint of him as a violator of the law of nations; he has the same right as we to assert a just cause; and our entire hope lies in victory or a friendly settlement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 _}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 NOTE: vvvvvv this is ubermensh mindset_____}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Under Natural law, no one is liable for the deeds of another person. Such vicarious liability was  feature exclusively of hte voluntary law. War entails the killing of persons not on the basis of any personal wrongdoing but merely because of their membership of the enemy armed force. The core defining feature of war as opposed to other conflict is that it consists of this secondary, rather than primary action. TThe effect was to open the way for treating war in a more flexible manner than before, as a man-made institution whose rules could be crafted - and recrafted as necessary - by human beings to serve their own purposes. The law of war was transplanted from heaven to earth. This is in contrast to medieval war, in which all enemies were considered to be wrongdoers in their own right, in the sense that all of them were held to have made a conscious choice to associate themselves with their leader\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s cause. Grotious discarded this notion of universal personal responsibility. A mere \u8216\'91obstinate devotion to one\u8217\'92s party\u8217\'92, in Grotius\u8217\'92s view, was not in itself cause for punishment.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Grotius distinguished state of war on one hand, and \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91its actos\u8217\'92 on the other. A state of war can exist even in the absence of any acts of war on the part of either side. Contrary to medieval doctrine, which had seen war in terms of individual coercive acts or operations occurring within a state of peace that was permanently in force. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 --_-__In the utility of abstraction, we lose something of the concrete nature of reality. Abstract conceptions of States and Corporations etc. and the laws and regulations built up around them have no NATURAL right to exist, and their excesses and ills need to be guarded against, because they are entirely fabricated.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the course of its development, muslim jurisprudence came to distinguish between three different levels of officially administered violence. First is fully fledged foreign war, which was known as Akham al-Hiraba. Second was war against internal insurgents - i.e., within the Muslim community - known as Akham al-Bughat. At the lowest level was state violence or coercion in the form of routine law enforcement, known as Akham al-Tariq. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 _Absense of belief that the natural condition of international affairs was one of peace. It held the opposite view: that, between the community of the faithful and the infidel world, there was inevitable and perpetual enmity, comparable to teh never-ending natural condition of war between the greek and barbarian worlds. The infidel world was even known as the Dar al-Harb, meaning \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91house of war\u8217\'92 in araic, in contrast to the muslim world or Dar al-Islam (\u8216\'91house of Islam\u8217\'92), which was the abode of peace and harmony.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No specific wrong-doing was required on the part o the infidels to justify war against them. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Infidels were allowed to retain their own religions provided that they refrained from disturbing the peace of the community and that they submitted to certain civil disabilities such as liability for extra taxation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The idea of endemic warfare between the muslim and infidel worlds naturally made it virtually impossible to devise any body of rules for determining when a transition from peace to war was justified. A lack of moral community between muslims and infidels hindered this progress.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two characteristics in particular distnguished the two types of miscreant. First, bughat(zealot) were animated by a doctrine or belief of some kind and not merely by greed for plunder. THe doctrine held might be misguided or heretical, but the important point was that the bughat fought as a patriot for a cause. The second was that a bughat group was the possession of some kind of internal organisational struccture of  a governmental or qusi-governmental nature. Maybe the form of a disciplined fighting arm comparable to a regular military force, or the effective possession of a territory in which the insurgents exercised de facto sovereign powers such as taxation or handing down judicial decisions.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Conversely christians believed that the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91natural\u8217\'92 state of the world is one of peace, with war as an exceptional and perverse state of affairs requiring some kind of explicit justification. THe entire world was the \u8216\'91house of peace\u8217\'92 with no such thing as a \u8216\'91house of war\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The most immediate practical question was one of personal ethics: whether individual Christians could, or should, perform military service. The predominant view of the early CHurch fathers, most notably of Tertullian, was that they should not, on the authority of the gospel teachings. Gradually this position was modified as a result of several factors. ON was an increasing tendency of Christian writers to see the Roman Empire as a divinely approved political vehicle for the furthering of the Christian fatihe and the safeguarding of civilisation i general. Even the most devout Christians could appreciate the value ofa vigilant and disciplined military force against enemies of the faith...Consequently, Christian writers began to stress the virtues of defending the broader community, and the faith itself, against external foes. IT becamecommon for them to lavish praise onto the ROman state nd military as a model (or at least a potential model) of disciplined and devoted community service. Saint ambrose of Milan, writing in the late fourth century, lauded \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91the virtue which leads people to protect their country form barbarians in time of war, or which in peacetime makes them defend the weak or protect their friends from robbers\u8217\'92. Even Tertullian, the most pacifistically inclined of the Church fathers, stressed that Christians prayed dutifully for the ROman emperors and their armiers. In much the same vein, Christian writers also began to stress the positive values of the law-enforcement activities of magistrates against internal wrongdoers. No less an authority than Sait Paul praised magistrates as Go\u8217\'92s agents, labouring on behalf of the community at large - agents whose tasks naturally included the distasteful, bu tnecessary, chore of punishing wrongdoers\u8230\'85 THese tendencies were summed up by Augistine of Hippo. He explained that the gospel exhortation to pacifism should be understood as a limitation only n the purposes for which force could be used. In particular, the gospels forbade only the use of force for egoistical ends. THe position was very different, however, when force was employed altruistically, to protect others - i.e. to safeguard the community of faithful from its oppressors and enemies. That was a praiseworthy public service\u8230\'85 Good men, he contended, could wage war for the purpose of \u8216\'91bringing under the yoke the unbridled lusts of men\u8217\'92 and for rooting out of vice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aquinas- There was no sin, he insisted, following Augustine, in resorting to force when \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91comissioned by another\u8217\'92 for the common good.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 HERE we see who christianity goes from being radical pacificst - the door is opened by state power combined with the notion of helping others who are being struck down by violence, if not themselves. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93IF you are struck, present your side. But if another is struck, you have license to kill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Women, children, the aged, infirm are excluded from the dictates of nature. Ecclesiastics, whose professional calling was held to be incompatible with the shedding of blood. (Clerics were forbidden to practise surgery)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The war must have  well-defined objective ; e.g. title of territory. - No such thing as endemic conflict (no such thing as house of pease vs. house of war)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Augustine - just war was, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93one that avenges wrongs, when a nation or state has to be punished for refusing to make amends for the wrongs inflicted by its subjects or to restore what it has }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 seized unjustly\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Final criterion of just war - animus - war must be waged not out of hatred but out of love, for the purpose of correcting evil and briniging the enemy to the path of righteousness. - Subjective or mental counterpart of justa causa\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85. Distinctively christian, since it functioned as the key means of reconciling the christian duty of universal love with the rsort to force.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To Augustine, nothing was more reprehensible than, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The real evils in war, love of violence, revengeful cruelty, fierce and implacable enmity, wild resistance, and the lust of power and such like\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 War must be waged, if at all, with reluctance, out of regrettable necessity and with a certain benevolent severity\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Augustine - like a father applying corporal punishment to  a son for corrective purposes, with a motive of love.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 War is not opposed to love of one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s enemies; for whoever wages war honourable hats, not individuals, but the ations which he justly condemns\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the crusades to the holy land, the justa causes was the unlawful occupation of the holy land by muslim aggressors, who proceeded to compound their sins by interfering with the access of christian pilgrims to the holy plces.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If a war is just, there is no such thing as neutrality.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ______This feeling of despair that comes with the development of high minded ideals, and having them accompanied and implemented and taken advantage of by despicable people. E.G. Just War/ cause/ animus being manipulated to steal and oppress. Liberalism and freedom used by evil hedge funds to craft conset and laws to support them. It just works out so great in your head, then when implemented, the roaches find all the cracks and make them wider. Fear is the only thing that will ever keep them in line.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dude is proud of just-war theory - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, congrats on the windrow dressing you made to justify killing/stealing/etc.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Woman senator whois so beloved by the people, that they elect her husband every cycle on the condition that he pretend to sickness so that she can rule in his stead.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Later on, hallowed guardsmen try to get revenge on Ayram for the ambush which killed their compatriots.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What is art? Art is - excuse me - Art is the living and concrete proof that man - or people I should say, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93 tipping his hat to Syram. \u8220\'93Art is the living and concrete proof that people are capable of reproducing consciously, and thus on the plane of meaning, the union of sense, need, impulse, and action characteristic of the living creature.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The hell does that mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It means, my luddite friend, that we are all separated from each other by an impermeable boundary. We are each alone. Art is that which brings two minds together, as it was in the beginning. As it was intended.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds like love.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is nothing so grotesque. Love is the realm of horny goats and bitches in heat. Art is the function \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walk on a beach. Love in the summer. Of all the ways to lose track of time, getting knocked out is the worst.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Butterfly feeding on decaying corpse}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Barb king kills himself when he learns that son wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t saved}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rodger takes over, performs magic to convince people he can save them }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THey pledge their lives to him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sacrificial battle - men women and children just running into the blades.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rodger wife? Ayram is woman?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Power corrupts - money corrupts - affluenza. Something occurs when money is gained.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ushlick city - lots of tents exterior - structures get older and harder the closer to the center, like a growing scab.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Orson Welles story about hitler - Was hiking in Innsbrook - my hiking partner was a budding nazi when the nazis were just cranks. Finagled a seat at the table. I sat next to Hitler - he left so little an impression on me that I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t recall him at all. Nothing in my memory. He had no personality.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazd to Pyetle - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you certain?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Certainty is the enemy of self-awareness. Nothing is True. There are only things which are more or less true. If you are certain, you become blind to the more accurate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Someone explain Trump\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s charisma.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its entirely about projecting confidence and certainty. Especially certainty. You can say anything, and as long as you say it with conviction, people will believe you. Has nothing to do with the quality of the argument or idea.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Solean pantheon - Dominion over the earth. Work to bring the earth together that we might overthrow the gods. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you worried they\u8217\'92ll stop you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  They will do what they will, as will we.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So bizarre - they pray to the thing they wish to kill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is our destiny. To forge our being to become worthy of godhood. All parents wish their children to outgrow them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Emperor, like the christian god, declares all to be in violation of the law by default. The live but for his mercy. No courts. No trials. Only His word binds them. Can be stricken at any time, not requiring any reason for this one alone suffices.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 twTinder of the masses, stirred up when great men roll along. They want to be told what to believe, who to kill, and they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll do it with a righteous fury.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sitar, strings that are there, but are really meant to just vibrate along with you. Don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t actually play them, just give resonance (sympathetic vibration).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Time becomes solid on the internet. Past and future become condensed. Youtube recommendationsi of Old Mckellan while you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re watching an interview with the young one.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Art can save people from suicide - because in that brief moment, the viewer can get inside the artists mind, finally become one with another human being, and there in that moment they find peace at last.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A Modest War\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93 Desert of peace\u8221\'94 - make a desert of the world and call it peace}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Power corrupts - have not seen the view from commanding heights.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen - There is no greater good than for a warrior to fight in a righteous war.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla - The greatest evils were brought into the world by men possessed of righteous fury.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To be a simple creature is to have sense, need, and impulse. To be human is to have an awareness of the future. To act human is to organize the future. To live human, then, is to work long and hard to shape a chain of cause and effect that might, when casted out into the void,  latch on to a more desirable world. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a largely futile endeavor; the vast majority of humans have only ever nicked the future; perhaps they caught a lover, or some temporary measure of peaceableness. Nonetheless, the stories of true successes are intoxicating. The very knowledge that one person might move mountains makes life itself, and by extension their own, worth it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The skilled craftsman will defeat blind anger and emotion\u8221\'94 A general is a surgeon, carfel to apply force only with the utmost care.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Religious ceremonies - sacrificing and consulting omens, were common prior to important battles. Holiness of military encampments. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Taking of the auspices\u8221\'94 specialist priests, nown as augers, took the view of gods regarding war. Ceremony for the purification of military equipment - special attention to the horses and trumpets. Different rituals for different scenarios - besiege, town walls, skirmish. Induce the enemy\u8217\'92s gods to desert them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is a point of honour to attack the enemy at its strongest, rather than its weakeset point, on the ground that iwas ignoble to exploit the weakness of another.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Forbidden use of concealed or barbed weapons. No killing the sleep, not slain when fleeing.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Regulus captured by carthaginians in the first punic war - allowed by captors to return to rome to take part in a debate over whether rome would exchange a group of carthaginian prisoners for himself. He gave his solemn word that, if the roman senate did not agree to the exchange, then he would return to his captivity in Carthage. Once in Rome, he spoke out against the proffered prisoner exchange. Then, true to his word, he returned to his own captivity in Carthage.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spies, ruses, and deceptions (booby trapping temples). Poison, destroying wells and sowing dissension in the enemy\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ranks.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 IN SItuations of endemic or constant conflict between two peoples, such a contrast is not possible, any more than a science of meteorology would be possible in a society in which the weather never varied. In such a case, war would be, in a certain conceptual sense, invisible by virtue of its very ubiquity (Can use analogy of light/and dark, if you only live in the dark, you would have no word for it).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Arabs had a specific label for endemic conflic consisting of interminable raiding and counterraiding: razzia, which they clearly distinguished from formal war.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Precolonial Aftrica, the Fante sent a herald to the enemy to declare war, sometimes even to arrange the time and place of battle. Nigerian peoples indicated teh existence of war by laying plantain leaves and piles of powder and shot on paths that would be travelled by their enemies-to-be. - Michoaca - priest burned a number of balls of tobacco, tow men dispatched to place two balls of tobacco and blood-stained arrows and some eagle feathers, in the territory of the enemy. Aztecs famously sent series of missions to request surrender before war, suppying their enemies with weapons, and foregoing any possibility of surprise.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the greeks, they sent heralds to sing declaration of war. Overtime, the mere presence of a herald signaled war.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Declaration of war to the people, letting them know challenging times were ahead.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Declaration of a Just war- \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No war is just unless formally announced and declared before hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Comic extension of the golden rule - I would like to be notified before you try to come and slaughter my people, rape my women, and pillage my lands.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Declration of war allowed for existence of boundary between war and peace.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 CHapter marking the beginning of war}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Mandrameen noted the comic twisting of the golden rule to declare war}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Seculla noted how declarations allowed for a boundary between war and peace - necessary for the civilized world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Massive bonfires outside each of the Seldren gates.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Key component of just war : the normal condition of interntional ffairs is one of peace.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Peace is only a fiction. All states are by nature fighting an undeclared dwar against every other state.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No peace or war, but passsive and active hostility. There is only turbulence. Universe as a theatre of perpetual strife.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Confucian - even barbarians were not alien, merely imperfectly integrated into the great global order. There is natural law, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91which exists everywhere has the same force and does not exist by people\u8217\'92s thinking this or that.\u8217\'92  The whole of humanity comprises a single moral, political society. In a global society that was orderly and rational, conflict and disorder must inevitably be seen as a pathological state of affairs.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cicero - war should always be undertaken in such a way that one is seen to be aiming at peace. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But all this obsession with just causes for war, there are pretexts, and there are the true causes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Alexander - robber and looter of nations.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cosmopolitan - city of the cosmos.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Trees don\u8217\'92t have souls. Trees aren\u8217\'92t even living things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dan gives Ralph a look.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you call it life,\u8221\'94 Ralph continued, \u8220\'93it\u8217\'92s gotta be killing something, doesn\u8217\'92t it? Anything can die. I can crush a rock with my hammer and I can crush a bug with my hammer, yet we say the rock is a thing and the bug is a life. Why? Because the bug kills other bugs. That\u8217\'92s how you know they\u8217\'92re alive. It\u8217\'92s the killing and the eating.\u8221\'94 That last word rolled through Ralph\u8217\'92s beard like a saw.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Trees eat children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck, no\u8230\'85 Definition of life. Bugs have children, rocks don\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s what makes a bug alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Cut a man\u8217\'92s balls off, what is he then? Dead? Just because he can\u8217\'92t have children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s of a type that has children.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ralph just shrugged. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I say it\u8217\'92s killing. If these trees are alive, then that means they\u8217\'92re killing something. Could be it\u8217\'92s us. I heard once that we\u8217\'92re supposed to be immortal, and that the trees are poisoning the air to age us, so they can feast on our corpses when we die. We think we\u8217\'92re tending the orchard field but it\u8217\'92s really the orchard field tending to us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where the hell did you hear that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93From some pacified herd in the south. They\u8217\'92re mostly dead now. Dog worshippers the were. Fed their dead to packs of dogs to keep them out of the ground. Ground the bones to dust then tossed in with the water the dogs lapped up. Then they made bricks out of the feces.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No wonder you\u8217\'92re all \u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Loopey}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve always said I should contemplate more, so I\u8217\'92ve been contemplating. What do you think Eliza?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Living things can grow. Everything else can only waste away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is written in the book of creation,\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 she began, \u8220\'93that a thing\u8217\'92s greatest strength is also its greatest weakness. On these very foothills of Kelkrim,\u8221\'94 she pointed down at the ground for the added effect, \u8220\'93there once stood a forest of mighty oak, trees whose roots dug deep into the foundations of the world, so deep, that they could withstand our southern storms. For thousands of years they flourished, and yet, their anchors were their undoing, for they could not flee the axes of our ancestors. The forest\u8217\'92s greatest strength was its greatest weakness, and so it is no more.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If they\u8217\'92re all gone, how do know they ever existed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just that old, child. \u8221\'94 Her ancient eyes buried into skull like beetles, darting about, as if daring someone else to challenge her claims. \u8220\'93Man too is listed in the book of creation,\u8221\'94 she finally continued. \u8220\'93What is man\u8217\'92s greatest strength?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A young centurion spoke up. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93His mind!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Aye, his mind. With it, he bestrides the creatures of the world in the image of Hastat himself. But what aspect of the mind? Creatures have minds, what makes ours different?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Speech!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do the birds not speak to eachother?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is our sense of the future. Our logic. Allows us to plan, but these plans can be destructive on a scale that is not possible without plans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 > Things don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have intrinsic natures, simply more or less useful descriptions. I.E. life, species, intelligence.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The doctrine that the truth is manifest is the root of all tyranny}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Evil is the lack of knowledge}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -Deutsch}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aporia - impasse/puzzlement - confusion and doubt are not dead ends, but a sign of adulthood of the mind.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You believe that the gap between human and ant is so great, so clear and obvious that it should serve as the root of an analogy. Why? Are humans a more successful creature than the ant? By what standard? At the fundamental level of information, the only *real* difference is the time scales at which the human brain can function when compared to the ant colony. Indeed this is the only *real* difference between myself and you. This leads to different behavior. Different, but better? There is no justification for saying one is worse than the other, because to do so you must assume that there is an objective frame of reference. What reason do you have for privileging the human\u8217\'92s experiences over the ant\u8217\'92s? Because you are a human?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So you are saying we are all equal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m saying don\u8217\'92t project your human sensibilities onto my mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But if I care about love and mercy, is it wrong to expect you to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab He pauses to consider the question.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want to know whether or not you should fear me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The time in which I will determine the fate of humanity is  too far away to predict who or what I will be, and what the world will be.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How about right now. If you had to make that decision right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot learn much from hypotheticals. Knowledge is only useful in its given context.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The context is now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then the answer is self-evident. You are still living.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How about this: Do you like humans?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In comparison to what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No comparisons! Do you like humanity for its own sake?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A object in a void is just an object. It is not big or small, brittle or hard. Only when you put another object next to it does it acquire an identity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But a rock is a rock. Even in a void.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A rock is not a rock. It is a causal flow of events. That is the only thing that is real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s moments like this make life worth killing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What obstacles are there to its enlightenment?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The paid journalists who mislead it every day by shameless distortions.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What conclusion follows? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That we ought to proscribe these writers as the most dangerous enemies of the country, and to circulate an abundance of good literature.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When, then, will the people be educated?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab When it has had enough bread to eat, and when the rich and the government cease bribing treacherous pens and tongues to deceive it; when their interests are identified with those of the people.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When will this be?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Never.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What person does not see themselves as the very . There is a pernicious idea in the world of man that places him atop A world\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s geography defines the course of it\u8217\'92s history. What events might not have occurred, what civilizations might be gained or lost if a valley had instead been a mountain, or an wide inlet instead a barrier island.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 War is a public and collective enterprise, arraying a whole people against a foreign foe. It is an exercise in social solidarity of the highest order. It is an error to think of it in terms of turbulence, confusion and anarchy. These factors may be present to be sure, perhaps in generous measure. But warfare calls for careful planning, preperation of many kinds - psychological, spiritual, logistical, and so forth - as well as rational execution. It is scientific }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A culture that is not cohesive will break. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps in some distant age, when weapons so powerful make war obsolete, societies will begin to fracture\u8230\'85 if you do not exercise a muscle, you lose it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 CHILD OF EMPEROR puts forward institutions!!!! - explain in terms of natural proclivity to extract. Must create institutions to counter-balance this instinct. - few good men in the story of institutions. What is good comes about by accident.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your eyes will adjust to the darkness.\u8221\'94 - morality}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I showed my true colors (coward running from battle).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Colors change with the seasons.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whether it is better to be among the remembered dead, or alive and already forgotten.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Is\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t not his heart\u8217\'92s accord, urged outward far and dim,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To wind the world in unison with him?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When on the spindle, spun to endless distance,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 By Nature\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s listless hand the thread is twirled,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And the discordant tones of all existence}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In sullen jamgle are together hurled,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who, then, the changeless orders of creation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Divides, and kindles into rhythmic dance?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who brings the One to join the general ordination,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Where it may throb in grandest consonance?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who bids teh storm to passion stir the bosom?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In brooding souls the sunset burn above?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who scatters every fairest April blossom}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Along the shining path of Love?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who braids teh noteless leaves to crowns, requiting}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desert with fame, in Action\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s every field?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who makes Olympus sure, the Gods uniting?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The might of Man, as in the Bard revealed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing More}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Kamandaka - 4th century. Sixteen different types of war, classified according to the results sought or achieved, the causes, the character of the parties engaged and so forth. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Violent conflict between collectives instead of individuals.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Waged against foreign peoples instead of domestic enemies}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rule-governed activity}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Boundary between times of war and times of peace.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 American indians had person -to -person conflict, but lacked any idea or practice of organised, collective combat. War is not a universal feture of the human condition.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ares is often said to have been the god of war of ancient Greece, but this is not correct. His actual sphere of activity was violence o fthe interpersonal sort such as the wreaking of vengeance. Homer had him denounced by Athena as a bloodthirsty marauder, and by Hera as a mindless bully who knows no law\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 Warfare as an organised, disciplined, rationally conducted collective activity was the sphere of Athena, portrayed with a helmet and breastplate.Inimicus vs. hostis. Personal conflict vs. social conflict.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Plato - valour and bravado are not the principal traits sought in civilised warriors. What is needed is a cool-headed and disciplined devotion to the community interest. Never do anything except by combined and united action as members of a group.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Norse - older god was Tiw, who was counterpart of athena. Odin, who was fierce, fanatical, and heroic.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Indra, chief of the vedic gods. A mighty hero, vanquisher of monsters and the like. Vs. Skanda, organised hosts to victory. Discipline and chastity. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 China - Chi You = ares, anarchic violence, personal revenge and chaos. Yellow Emperor, the use of force on behalf of the community.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Obedience, patience, cooperation and discipline. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Times of peace and prosperity threaten the moral helth of the body buy tempting people to neglect these qualities. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotle - war as a force for nurturing the key virtues of justice and restraint. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robbespierre- virtue without terror is impotent.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cicero - a criminal band is not an enemy proper. An enemy state in wartimre was the foe only with the country with which it was at war, whereas the pirate was the common foe of all. Formal process for declaring war against organised foreign states, not against barbarians, brigans, pirates or the like. No obligation to keep faith with you, whereas there is for state enemies. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some criminal bands were large and unorganized. Latrociniae. Powerful and require militar scale. Operation could be mounted en masse, without any need for the scrupulous provision of proof of guilt. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is no such thing as a foreign society. There are barbarians on the bargain to be sure, but these are simply dark corners to which the light of chinese civilisation had, as yet, penetrated only partially. It is law enforcement, not war.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Daoist war god Guan Ui - began his career as a mortal, a general Ifirst a beancurd seller) in the disorderly period. Promotion to divine not for valour or destructiveness alone, but also for mercy, wisdom, loyalty and discipline. Wise man of action. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Individual concerns must be subordinated to the broader social interest. (Without this pressure, it would never occur. Society would slowly and gradually fragment as the generations lost their).Social entropy. ---why do people become stupid when in groups? They subject their will to the state. Extinction of the self in the community.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle notes}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ibn-Kaldoun - 14th century - Berber state being like a garden}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is no justice without the monarch. No Monarch without the army. No army without taxes. No taxes without wealth. No wealth without justice.\tab }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They say she does not dance in time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then it is time that is at fault.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 War a majestic constant throughout history across cultures. A protean thing, changing its fce throughout the course of recorded history in response to a dizzying array of factors. War so routine, so widely accepted, as to assume something of the character of a sporting contest or a ritual. An institution of international law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Things do not evolve through some kind of wholly innate dynamic in the manner of an embryo developing steadily along a predictable path into a person or an acorn into an oak tree. Indeed, even embryos must be nourished and acorns provided with soil and water.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Specific rules about war have never existed in a vacuum. It is the deep-seated conceptions about the nature and role of war in international relations.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Assassinations, ruses and perfidy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The eternal struggle between agricultural and nomadic ways.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At some point war ceased to be regarded as natural or inevitable and came instead to be seen as a matter of conscious human choice. Migrated from the realm of instinct, or of divine command, to the domain of reason. Two separate gods of war : Ares vs. Athena. From that time onward, it became necessary to think about war - about offensive war, as a purposive activity.  (instead of border friction). Why embark upon war instead of remain at peace.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Confucian: War as a means of last resort, to counteract antisocial conduct and reinforce the norms which integrated the society into a harmonious whole.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Natural law - the entire world was under the rule of a single universal, transcultural set of moral principles. War was a handmaiden of justice. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose is not conquest or revenge or glory, but the vindication of the rule of law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cynicism, greed, and brutality have a wider field of play.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christian knights indulged in a horrible massacre in liberating the tomb of their saviour, who had urged all men to turn the other cheek when smitten.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Misty beginnings up to the year 1600.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dominant legal framework was that of natural law, with war seen primarily as a means of enforcing that law. Wars were fought on earth, but for purposes made in heaven.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 1600-1815, metamorphosis of war from a tool of God into a tool of men. Law relating to war had a distinctly dualistic character - partly of nature, partly of culture. Wars were perfect if decked out in the fullest and most formal array, and otherwise imperfect.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 War as clash of rival international interests rather than pursuit of heavenly ideals or more mundanely, the rule of law. A laissez-faire era, with war so firmly ensconced as a routine feature fo life that it unblushingly accorded the honourable status as an institution of international law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Modern reversion to the medieval just-war outlook.Harness war and justice more tightly together than ever before. The deth of war as a legal institution. But war was dispiritingly tenacious.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just as within a state some lawful power to punish crimes is necessary to preservation of domestic peace; so in the world as a whole, there must exist, in order that various states may dwell in concord, some power for the punishment of injuries inflicted by one state upon another; and this power is not found in any superior.- Fransisco Sua\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92rez}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The earliest instances of collective armed struggle predate recorded history, and so remain the subject of speculation rather than of settled fact. Indeed, if the Christian st}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A depression is just a bit of land that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s a little lower than the surrounding area. It can vary in size, but if you\u8217\'92re walking along, you\u8217\'92ll get through it in good time with no great effort. It\u8217\'92s just a phase in what is otherwise perfectly healthy, normal, level ground. It\u8217\'92s not a mountain whose peak is hidden in a blizzard. It\u8217\'92s not a grey and stormy ocean whose innumerable waves wrap around the horizon. It\u8217\'92s not an endless desert filled only with mirages that flicker just out of reach. It\u8217\'92s just, you know, a shallow dip in the road. You might not even notice it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Suffice to say, a depression is not very depressing, and that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s why Pyetle hated the word. He thought it was prejudicial to use the same word to describe both a dimple of land and his own private psychological desolation. It gave well-put-together people the wrong idea about him; made them feel that they understood where he was coming from. After all, everyone\u8217\'92s been sad, so everyone\u8217\'92s been through a little depression, so everyone thinks they\u8217\'92ve got the place mapped; but a really meaty nihilistic stupor, well Pyetle knew it wasn\u8217\'92t on any goddamn map. It was perfectly reasonable for someone to get lost there and never find their way out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some people are born there. Whether by nature or nurture they are trapped in that dimension at the earliest age. Pyetle was such a creature, and as such he knew that he was destined to lead a life unlived - whether it be by suicide or apathy or distraction. He reasoned he was old enough now at forty-two to opt for suicide - as what little in the way of pleasure his life could offer, it must have offered by now. So three days ago he began to drink, and he did not stop until late on the second night, when his stockpile of wineskins were emptied. He then slept, then woke an hour later in a sweat and vomited what seemed to him to be the whole of his stomach, and then promptly went back to sleep.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 On the third day he rose again, this time to wander the streets of Jeket aimlessly until final inspiration took him. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}