{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It helped that his head, too, was exposed to the chill. His stream of consciousness began to freeze over, and so time itself seemed to congeal. Through his eyelids, every strobing green flash imprinted itself onto his retina, but his viscous state of mind had difficulty separating them, and so his narrative self started to weave intermittent points in time together as if they were actually sequential events. As more and more sensory stimulation slipped past unrecorded, these glimpses of light grew further and further apart. His unconscious mind began to struggle to manufacture coherence, and it started to invent sensations where there were none: a tickling of his fingers and feet, a deep and droning incorporeal hum that grew louder as the green flashed. The effect moved Moto into a trancelike state, though through it all, his existential self, his I-me-mine, did not completely disappear. In fact, there was enough of him left to sense his own impending doom, the stretching of time, the thinness of his life. Starting with the ever-slowing cosmic tick of the universe, he could extrapolate out, and understood that it would eventually stop ticking completely. At that point, time would freeze completely into a kind of reflective prism, crystallizing around whatever his last twinkling thought might be, and that would be death. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As his mind crept towards this jeweled stasis, its even keel was disturbed by a brief, yearning protestation to stay alert, so that he might revel in the experience of dying for as long as possible, so that his last transcendent moment might be one worthy of eternity - if indeed that was how it worked. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But he did not die. He just sat there in the blinking darkness for another hour more - an empty husk, not aware enough to understand that he was still alive}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then there was  a rumbling, a fumbling. Then a sudden, disruptive shift in his equilibrium. Moto\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyelids slid open quickly enough to catch a glimpse of a bright beam of white light as it raked across the interior of the pod, looking just like an errant ray of god\u8217\'92s divine light .}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As his mind crept towards this jeweled stasis, its even keel was disturbed by a brief, yearning protestation to stay alert, so that he might revel in the experience of dying for as long as possible, so that his last transcendent moment might be one worthy of eternity - if that was how it worked. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Wehrmacht showed what unreasonable men could do. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 in war, unreasonable men are superior- but reasonable men won - just shows that historical circumstance and chaos is even greater than any kind of man.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Conch as symbol of transvestite feminine inside of masculine, slit inside of triangle, organic mess.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Virtue without terror is impotent. Terror without virtue is blind.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The first in a line of modest men, with access to a higher truth.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This doesnt make sense}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I think it pools}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let me put in terms you can understand. All matter is made up of what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Atoms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No but\u8230\'85 yes. What are Atoms made up of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Particles?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And what are particles?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I do not know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re excitations of fields. Think of it like this,\u8221\'94 she pulls out paper, and holds it up flat to deborah\u8217\'92s eye.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is a field\u8221\'94, she said, referring to the paper.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And this is what it looks like with particles.\u8221\'94 then she pushed the two ends of the paper closer together, so that the interior of the paper bent like an accordion into an s-shape.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The peak is a particle, and the trough is an antiparticle. So, if I flatten it out\u8221\'94, she said as she pulled out the curves so that the paper appeared straight to Deborah,\u8220\'93we have no particles.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tea again pushed the paper into an s-shape, and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Particles\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No particles.\u8221\'94 She pulled it flat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Something.\u8221\'94 The wave shape.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing.\u8221\'94 Flat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 Deborah began, a little confused but following, \u8220\'93when you ask about \u8216\'91nothing\u8217\'92, you\u8217\'92re asking me a physics question?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes and no. I\u8217\'92m just trying to point out a design principle. Notice how, when I squeeze the paper together, there is both a hump and a valley. A positive and a negative. The very structure of nothingness produces somethingness in pairs.\u8221\'94 Again, she squeezed the paper together to demonstrate. \u8220\'93In physics, this hump is a particle and and the valley is an antiparticle. They are created together, and they disappear together.\u8221\'94 Again she pulled the paper flat. \u8220\'93So, in a manner of speaking, you can think of nothing as the sum of something.\u8221\'94 she said as she slowly pulled the paper flat, the two humps slowly canceling each other out into flatness.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It seems like it\u8217\'92s only clever wordplay,\u8221\'94 Tea continued, \u8220\'93but it isn\u8217\'92t. Everything that exists has a kind of mirror image - an opposite - and when taken together, they equal zero. Take this helicopter for example. The amount of downward force the rotors are generating is exactly equal to the amount of upward momentum. The net energy being added or subtracted from the entire system is zero.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s easy enough to understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but things get much stranger. Though, you aren\u8217\'92t going to understand what any of it has to do with you. For example, if matter and antimatter are supposed to cancel eachother out, and they are both created in equal pairs when we add energy to nothingness, then we should be left with no matter at all when we take the total sum of everything in the universe. But this isn\u8217\'92t what we see. After all, you and I exist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And why won\u8217\'92t I understand what any of this has to do with me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because from here it gets more\u8230\'85 philosophical.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Philosophical?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sunlight is the best disinfectant. Just like roaches, when you turn the litght on, they scurry.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 *Toppling, bloodripe, into my lap.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What do you think about the black spacesuit? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -its slimming.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The events that gave rise to the universe is described by what is known as the standard model. The universe began hot. After about 1/billionth of a second, it cooled down enough for fundamental particles to appear in pairs, of opposite charge. Known as quarks and anti-quarks. After that came leptons and anti-leptons. Like electrons and positrons. These pairs began annihilating eachother. Most quark pairs had annihilated by the time the universe was a few seconds old, with most leptons gone a few seconds later. When the dust settled, a tiny amount of matter, about on particle in a billion, amanaged to survive the annihilation. That tiny amount went on to form the universe we know.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe large stores of anitmatter survived too. Its opposite charge might counter gravity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 dude can only get off via hypnosis}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 simulation is for their entertainment. its responds to and is based on wants and desires, to provide maximum drama. Your brain can effect what happens, its why when you dream, your brain creates the manifestations of noises, like barking, and whatnot.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 why do you not want to be alone in the universe? You just want content. You just want to be entertained. You want  to consume. It doesnt matter.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Later on someone uses a sheet to cover a character - reveals a stunningly organized flow of electricity. Reference to Deborah\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Philosophers are the altar boys of the secular church. They\u8217\'92re kids who dress up to play the game, but really, they\u8217\'92re just there for the scientist\u8217\'92s pleasure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We have Michael bay at one end, and Terrence malick at the other. Right in the middle is christopher nolan. If this line is 10 inches long, Chris nolan is right at the 5 inch mark. Me on this like, I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m 7.25 inches. 7 inches, huh? yeah. Not mad.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How would you describe my culture then? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Inevitibility}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To a true American, the word signifies that the someone hasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t fully considered all the options, or is instead rooted in ideology instead of practicality. We have been trained since birth to think about possibilities instead of inevitabilities, and about creative destruction instead of stagnation. We idolize success.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In all this, nothing is taught about the law of contrast, that a speck of white is only important because it is surrounded by black, that one person winning means a whole lot of people losing, and that success is only sweet because most people fail.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab This uncomfortable truth has always been easily pushed aside.  We are so ready to believe it, because it means if I ever succeed, it means that I am better than other people, on a fundamental level. This is so fundamental to our psyche, that many have come to an understanding, that they aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t good.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Speak American\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Security relies on certain assumptions.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If I have a military base, I assume that whomever comes to attack my base has fewer guys with guns than I do... and I generally it will be a cold day in hell before they'll get very far into the base.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And you assume other things... you assume that your security people can tell the difference between someone with security clearance and a birthday clown.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We assume that the people with clearance obtained it legitimately.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We assume that the people that were given security didn't subsequently decide to sell us out for hookers and blow.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Assumptions.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And there are good assumptions... assumptions that really will hold under most circumstances and bad assumptions.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And good security is basically a process of separating out good assumptions from dumb ones. Then recognizing that your dumb assumptions were a convenient fig leaf you put over serious vulnerabilities that you actually don't have a good solution for...}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then you need to actually come up with a GOOD assumption that covers for what were previously laughable assumptions.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If your security is based on interlocking layers of good assumptions... are you unhackable? I don't know... its a question of perfection and perfection is hard in this universe. BUT... really fucking good security? Near perfect? Sure. I mean... you can do "excellent"... excellent is possible.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But that's not to say that even good security should be discounted as crap. Good is often the best security possible because excellent requires time and money and competent management and users that don't have their heads wedged up their asses.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now will good security keep ze germans out or whatever? Typically yeah. Even good security is a bitch to get through even for a state sponsored hacking team.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What keeps embarrassing people is SHIT security or NO security.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That is what keeps failing. Not "good security"... not "excellent security"... not "perfect security"...}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 F'ing none at all keeps failing.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So... lets not geek out on the "perfect" or "unhackable" claim. And instead lets focus on whether or not the change to the OS makes Windows have "good security". If it accomplishes so much as that then we're doing well. If they pushed it up a notch and it's EXCELLENT... Then we're doing very very well indeed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 1) No, it is not unhackable. Throw a contest with a bounty to easily prove this.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 2) 99% of "hacks" work through social engineering nowadays, and these work regardless of how secure your software is.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93For all intents and purpopes we are the same. I am human. I experience things as you do. Just\u8230\'85 I have some knowledge you dont. I mean, sure, you could argue that its the kind of knowledge that changes the experience signficantly, but hey.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Its just a bit of fun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fun? Fun is a twenty dollar whore. This is\u8230\'85 this is faggotry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The trouble with fighting for human freedom is that one spends most of one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s time defending scoundrels. For it is against scoundrels that oppressive laws are first aimed, and oppression must be stopped at the beginning if it is to be stopped at all.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0                 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  HL Mencken}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/what-is-electricity\tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scientists and engineers have learned many ways to move electrons off of atoms. That means that when you add up the electrons and protons, you would wind up with one more proton instead of being balanced.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Since all atoms want to be balanced, the atom that has been "unbalanced" will look for a free electron to fill the place of the missing one. We say that this unbalanced atom has a "positive charge" (+) because it has too many protons.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Since it got kicked off, the free electron moves around waiting for an unbalanced atom to give it a home. The free electron charge is negative, and has no proton to balance it out, so we say that it has a "negative charge" (-).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So what do positive and negative charges have to do with electricity?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scientists and engineers have found several ways to create large numbers of positive atoms and free negative electrons. Since positive atoms want negative electrons so they can be balanced, they have a strong attraction for the electrons. The electrons also want to be part of a balanced atom, so they have a strong attraction to the positive atoms. So, the positive attracts the negative to balance out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The more positive atoms or negative electrons you have, the stronger the attraction for the other. Since we have both positive and negative charged groups attracted to each other, we call the total attraction "charge."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Energy also can be measured in joules. Joules sounds exactly like the word jewels, as in diamonds and emeralds. A thousand joules is equal to a British thermal unit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When electrons move among the atoms of matter, a current of electricity is created. This is what happens in a piece of wire. The electrons are passed from atom to atom, creating an electrical current from one end to other, just like in the picture.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Electricity is conducted through some things better than others do. Its resistance measures how well something conducts electricity. Some things hold their electrons very tightly. Electrons do not move through them very well. These things are called insulators. Rubber, plastic, cloth, glass and dry air are good insulators and have very high resistance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Other materials have some loosely held electrons, which move through them very easily. These are called conductors. Most metals \endash  like copper, aluminum or steel \endash  are good conductors.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 not all information is equal, if it is political, you can no longer assume its veracity. football score vs. score on the ground.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THe only difference between men and women and is that women are much more willing to engage in social gamesmanship. They are a purer breed of political animal. Men don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t like conflict, because for men, it leads to physical fighitng. Thats why women have been kept out of the process for so long.The lines of partisanship is directly correlated to the rise of women in politics.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How does the tunneling work? Picture a perfectly circulare  paddle, that can create ripples inward. in the middle of that water, the math breaks down.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You should never have a goal. Goals are for little people. Goals prevent you from adapting, from seeing the big picture, from winning in the way that you can win.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beksinski\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s goal, generally, is to make sure that once humanity spreads out from earth, to make sure that our governments, our nation states, our institutions and establishments, do not follow. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 two guys, one says, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I wan t to ask you a question - sure - Is it ever ok to kill someone - well that is an interesting question - ill give you some time to think about it - no its ok, its something ive thought about a lot acutaully ,i could tell you right now - ok - So, people always start with moral arguments, but you are wasting your time there. What only matters is what the live creature thinks and does and the consequences he has to live with. Guilt, etc. God, what was in this medicene, I feel like ive taken 5 zanax. - there were like 3 or 4 you took there. *his head is rolling back, clearly struggling to maintain consciousness - Anyways, what youve got to ask yourself is, well, once you\u8217\'92ve started asking yourself it becomes difficult to act, because if you are honest with yourself, it becomes difficult to say that you know what the consequences will be. Like I could certainly make a good argument why killing me would be a bad idea. I could grow up to change the entire world for the better. You could be robbing everyone of that. But then again, that is just the creature aspect of myself reacting to the idea of being killed. It doesn\u8217\'92t want to die, so it will argue for, and try to justify my own existence. So basically, you have to satisfy your creature self, thats all that really matters. *then the dude dies from teh poison that the questioner gave hime.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sentiment that art explores the worst of humanity, the constructed otion of what truth \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91feels\u8217\'92 like.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 William Burke-White Penn Law}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 http://www.amazon.com/The-Idea-That-America-Dangerous/dp/0465078095}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 http://www.amazon.com/Breaking-the-Real-Axis-of-Evil-How-to-Oust-the-World-s-Last-Dictators-by-2025/dp/0742532550/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk?ie=UTF8}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 http://www.amazon.com/A-New-World-Order/dp/0691123977/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk?ie=UTF8}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMR1NIEifWM}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The law is an enclosed world. The idea that law is supremely important, more important than any other subject, that it is absolutely vital to an understanding of the world, all of these sentiments that you often hear uttered, but only by lawyers. It is unique in that respect. There are people who have never studied philosophy, who admire philosophers. There are people who have never studied history that admire historians. Lawyers are a unique breed in that they have a propensity for acting as their own cheerleaders.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suD8x-gWbeg}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 how to interrogate}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 fairly extract information and make a point}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 John stewart and bill oreilly arguing }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pmr3XvaoVW4}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 @ 1:10 :00 - Why is the government good at running the military and not other things?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9GnoXUprqg}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mascalyne \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91computer\u8217\'92 redundancy - encapsulate computers he encapsulated humans.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 fly by wire aircraft has 5 diff computers programmed by 5 different teams.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 around 7:00 elegant explanation of 8-bit , 16, 64, etc bit systems. What that means.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 rewatch ending}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nZX4YpL9k0}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 snowflake - rules for growing keeps changing as it moves. see 25 mins}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtV7NHSRuQo}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 see 53:00}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 natural vs. revealed theology}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 the two books - nature - the book of god\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s works}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab    scripture - the book of god\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s revealed theology}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 S_BEKSINSKI}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Gilgamesh, what you seek you will never find. For when the gods created man, they let death be his lot, eternal life they withheld. Let your every day be full of joy. Love the child that holds your hand. Delight in your wife\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s embrace, for these alone, are the concerns of humanity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To start, we must first ask, \u8220\'93What is natural about humans?\u8221\'94 Unlike the bull or tiger, we are weak, however, we are creatures of reason. \u8220\'93What is natural for creatures that are weak, but reasonable?\u8221\'94 It is to join together against stronger creatures. This is the natural law of interests. As rational egoists we need to join together, and because of this we are compelled to create - artificially - a functioning social life; an abstraction of natural love and natural hatred. This accord between humans manifests itself grandly in the form of nation states. Established in the twentieth century, these institutions still exist today, because, of course, there is no need for them to consolidate even further.. Outside of the atom bomb, there has been no \u8216\'91stronger creature\u8217\'92 to overcome. The nation state is the apex predator. A global institution with teeth is not only undesirable, it is completely unnecessary. Only the discovery of a more superior creature could disturb this equilibrium.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -Jakub Beksinski, Jurisprudence and International Law (2135)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The fundamental mechanism of adaptation in any system is the revision and recombination of its building blocks. The cell will reorganize its proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids to perform different functions. On a larger scale the corporation will reorganize its divisions, the divisions will reorganize their departments, and the departments will reorganize their employees. In order for an adaptation of this kind to be beneficial, it is absolutely crucial for the complex adaptive system to have some method of acquiring accurate information about its environment. Otherwise the system essentially reverts to natural selection to prune inefficiencies, and this is a terribly inefficient process.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For the individual, narrative is the enemy of accurate perception of one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s environment. Narrative precludes the complete understanding of a problem by idealizing those features of a system which it deems \u8216\'91non-essential\u8217\'92. In simpler terms the storyteller says,\u8220\'93Look at this and ignore that.\u8221\'94 Storytelling is seduction; its purpose is to divert attention away from what is really there to what the storyteller wants you to see. The active consciousness is a kind of storyteller. It can cause one to ignore large amounts of data in favor of creating a quick and neat model of understanding. Human evolution has proven this behavior to be a useful heuristic when one is confronted with certain mammalian problems. However, when confronted with a complex threat this process can be fatal. To avoid this trap, one must approach a problem first through the nervous system, taking in as much uninterpreted data as possible. Only after this is done is it suitable to apply conscious effort. To always be arriving at a more accurate understanding, this process should be repeated until one is forced to act.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jakub Beksinski, Data Driven Structures (2134)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Those who have handled sciences have been either men of experiment or men of dogmas. The men of experiment are like the ant, they only collect and use; the reasoners resemble spiders, who make cobwebs out of their own substance. But the bee takes a middle course: it gathers its material from the flowers of the garden and of the field, but transforms and digests it by a power of its own. Not unlike this is the true business of philosophy; for it neither relies solely or chiefly on the powers of the mind, nor does it take the matter which it gathers from natural history and mechanical experiments and lay it up in the memory whole, as it finds it, but lays it up in the understanding altered and digested. Therefore from a closer and purer league between these two faculties, the experimental and the rational (such as has never yet been made), much may be hoped.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bacon's The New Organon and his contribution to empiricism and the scientific revolution.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When it comes to tackling difficult problems, there are - as Francis Bacon put it - three different types of problem solvers. There are spiders, there are ants, and there are bees.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spiders are those who try to solve complex problems by constructing abstract webs of well-reasoned thought. The problem solving process for them is a principally deductive exercise, in which causes can be deduced from symptoms. Imagine Sherlock Holmes turning his lens onto the human condition, attempting to unravel its mysteries.  An extremely complex problem, the spider correctly assumes, calls for an elegant solution. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ants are people who experiment. Unlike the spider, they do not create using substances pulled from themselves, they record what simply and undeniably, is. This is the inductive method, empirical, scientific, only resting on what the evidence can bear. No quarter is given to speculation, idle reasoning, and bullshit. An extremely complex problem, the ant correctly assumes, cannot be reasoned about except through experimentation. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bees are the consummate middle. Like ants, they journey out into the real world, experimenting with its matter, mapping its contours, learning its history. They use this practical experience as a foundation to organize, like spiders, elegant structures that help to achieve a desired end. An extremely complex problem, the bee correctly assumes, requires an elegant solution derived through experimentation. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It takes effort, even training, to be a bee. It is easy to slip into spider-like habits, because every problem, from human suffering to tying your shoes, can be modeled, simplified, abstracted into discrete and configurable components. But there is always the question of implementation. It is easy for the spider to say, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Humans are endowed with certain inalienable rights\u8221\'94, but to actually protect them is another matter. Similarly, it is easy to be an ant, refusing to deal with anything that isn\u8217\'92t tangible in the pursuit of accuracy. It is impossible to be wrong if one deals only with what the facts say, and nothing more. The unfortunate result of this necessarily narrow field of view is that things like human rights simply do not exist. There is only what is real, and this is the law, as crafted by those who power, this is the natural law, any other considerations are dreams. Realpolitik. Being a bee requires the discipline to stick to the facts when they are there, and the courage to explore when they aren\u8217\'92t. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93speculatists,\u8221\'94 with their grandiose plans for the wholesale replacement of a corrupt present with a rational future.1 Burke had nothing but scorn for \u8220\'93those extravagant and presumptuous speculations\u8221\'94 that lead revolutionary leaders \u8220\'93to despise all their predecessors, and all their contemporaries.\u8221\'942 The proper course of action, in his opinion, is to build on the solid basis of the past, and always with due regard to the concrete realities of human experience. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If humans have the same hardware, but different software, then the act of problem solving reveals the common underlying threads. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bacon spider/bee/ant analogy - America, and the international community in general, suffers from an infestation of spiders, who have weaved their webs so intricately so as to accept only other spiders into their affairs. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Get rid of the fluffy speculation, that common law \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91emanates\u8217\'92 from natural law. From arbitrary guidelines that the practical legislator is somehow supposed to divine the meaning of. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is not unreasonable  for one to see the injustices of the law and suppose law is the problem. In the fire of the moment, it can be difficult to abstract the practice and necessity of law from its fallen implementation. The rule of law, from the individual\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s perspective, the only palatable way of being. Of course, this conception of natural law\u8217\'92s emanation is just as idealistic as that of the alternative \u8216\'91benevolent ruler, in that it requires just, honest, and righteous men and women to write. The great strength of reliance upon natural law its advances, are more permanent and difficult to change. Of course the great weakness is that if it is ever written by the unrighteous, these changes too are difficult to change. The benevolent ruler model is the opposite, in which unrighteous rules can be easily removed, whereas if the ruler is not benevolent, then righteous rules may be cast by the wayside in an instant. Of course, the Realpolitik suggests that this is also true in nations governed by the rule of law, and this may seem so in the short run, but time bears witness to its efficacy. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Take for example, the conquer of the New World. A wholly unjust doctrine to be sure, and even so during the time in which it took place. During the 14th century the doctrine of natural was firmly fixed as the north star in the constellation of laws guiding the western medieval world. It was, rightly, even veiwed by Aquinas as that The Christian world in that time, for all the flak it receives for injustice, was the only soverign that recognized the right of pagan countries to exist. The reason for this, is the development of the concept of natural law - first begun by the greeks and romans, and expounded upon by thinkers like the dominican Aquinas, Suarez, and Voltine. These men recognized that the only way to govern justly, in this sinful world, was to separate out the laws of man from the laws of truth, emanating from the naturalness of nature. Even God did not exist, it was argued, these laws still would. And so, there came a general understanding that all men, pagan or not, had certain basic rights that could not be trampled on by any other human, christian or not. This is the lasting contribution, built up over time, of the western world to the community of nations. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab But there are strategies to help write easily readable, understandable, just, and efficacious law. It is helpful to think of the development of law to the practice of computer science. Legacy code. Ecapsulation. Elegance. Context dependent = bad. examples. Great utility for one bit of code.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  propoganda}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 by Edward Bernays}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ig publishing, 2005, paper}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 (originally published in 1928)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 p37}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society. Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We are governed, our minds molded, our tastes formed, our ideas suggested, largely by men we have never heard of. This is a logical result of the way in which our democratic society is organized. Vast numbers of human beings must cooperate in this manner if they are to live together as a smoothly functioning society.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Our invisible governors are, in many cases, unaware of the identity of their fellow members in the inner cabinet.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They govern us by their qualities of natural leadership, their ability to supply needed ideas and by their key position in the social structure. Whatever attitude one chooses toward this condition, it remains a fact that in almost every act of our daily lives, whether in the sphere of politics or business, in our social conduct or our ethical thinking, we are dominated by the relatively small number of persons-a trifling fraction of our hundred and twenty million-who understand the mental processes and social patterns of the masses. It is they who pull the wires which control the public mind, who harness old social forces and contrive new ways to bind and guide the world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is not usually realized how necessary these invisible governors are to the orderly functioning of our group life. In theory, every citizen may vote for whom he pleases. Our Constitution does not envisage political parties as part of the mechanism of government, and its framers seem not to have pictured to themselves the existence in our national politics of anything like the modern political machine. But the American voters soon found that without organization and direction their individual votes, cast, perhaps, for dozens of hundreds of candidates, would produce nothing but confusion. Invisible government, in the shape of rudimentary political parties, arose almost overnight. Ever since then we have agreed, for the sake of simplicity and practicality, that party machines should narrow down the field of choice to two candidates, or at most three or four.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In theory, every citizen makes up his mind on public questions and matters of private conduct. In practice, if all men had to study for themselves the abstruse economic, political, and ethical data involved in every question, they would find it impossible to come to a conclusion without anything. We have voluntarily agreed to let an invisible government sift the data and high-spot the outstanding issue so that our field of choice shall be narrowed to practical proportions. From our leaders and the media they use to reach the public, we accept the evidence and the demarcation of issues bearing upon public question; from some ethical teacher, be it a minister, a favorite essayist, or merely prevailing opinion, we accept a standardized code of social conduct to which we conform most of the time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In theory, everybody buys the best and cheapest commodities offered him on the market. In practice, if every one went around pricing, and chemically tasting before purchasing, the dozens of soaps or fabrics or brands of bread which are for sale, economic life would be hopelessly jammed. To avoid such confusion, society consents to have its choice narrowed to ideas and objects brought to it attention through propaganda of all kinds. There is consequently a vast and continuous effort going on to capture our minds in the interest of some policy or commodity or idea.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It might be better to have, instead of propaganda and special pleading, committees of wise men who would choose our rulers, dictate our conduct, private and public, and decide upon the best types of clothes for us to wear and the best kinds of food for us to eat. But we have chosen the opposite method, that of open competition. We must find a way to make free competition function with reasonable smoothness. To achieve this society has consented to permit free competition to be organized by leadership and propaganda.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 S_ART}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The brain is actively hiding the real world from us. - Cognitive theory}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The more formally constructed your game is, the more limited it will be.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is also anti-idealist. It refuses the idea that in aesthetic experience we perceive \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93a pure integration of meaning\u8221\'94. His aesthetics is consequently anti-representationalist. There is in the artwork something which Gadamer describes as its resistance to integration, to being reduced to a concept (Palmer 2001 25). He contends that Hegel's definition of the beautiful as the \u8220\'93sensuous appearing of the Idea\u8221\'94 presumes that aesthetic experience is able to reach beyond the specific type of appearance to its underlying idea. In this model, aesthetic experience becomes the expectation of a semantic fulfillment. Once the idea behind the appearance is grasped, \u8220\'93the whole of its meaning would have been understood once and for all and thus brought in to our possession so to speak\u8221\'94. The work of art becomes a carrier of meaning, to be abandoned once the lead story has been grasped. But, Gadamer argues, \u8220\'93our understanding of art works is manifestly not of this type. Everyone knows this from his or her own encounters with art, from concerts, visits to museums, and from his or her reading\u8221\'94(Palmer 2001 66). This denial of idealist aesthetics is at the basis of his claim that an artwork is essentially enigmatic.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gadamer's opposition to aesthetic idealism is supported by the claim that art \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93cannot be satisfactorily translated in terms of conceptual knowledge\u8221\'94 (RB 69). A work does not simply refer to a meaning which is independent of itself. Its meaning is not to be grasped in such a way that that it can be simply transferred to another idiom.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rudolph Arnheim: The Split and the Structure}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 From Chaos to Wholeness}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In a gestalt, each unit is affected and modified by its relations to other units of the system. Each relation, in turn, is affected by the agent generating it. It is an interaction that operates within every level of the structure, from the whole to its subordinates and between the various levels as well. Given the three- dimensional complexity of such a structure, it can be conceptualized only in approximation, which is what scientists are equipped to do when they describe the functioning of organisms or the nature of sensory perception. The same is true for aestheticians analyzing works of art.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Sokal affair, also called the Sokal hoax,[1] was a publishing hoax perpetrated by Alan Sokal, a physics professor at New York University and University College London. In 1996, Sokal submitted an article to Social Text, an academic journal of postmodern cultural studies. The submission was an experiment to test the journal's intellectual rigor and, specifically, to investigate whether "a leading North American journal of cultural studies \endash  whose editorial collective includes such luminaries as Fredric Jameson and Andrew Ross \endash  [would] publish an article liberally salted with nonsense if (a) it sounded good and (b) it flattered the editors' ideological preconceptions".[2]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The article, "Transgressing the Boundaries: Towards a Transformative Hermeneutics of Quantum Gravity", was published in the Social Text spring/summer 1996 "Science Wars" issue. It proposed that quantum gravity is a social and linguistic construct. At that time, the journal did not practice academic peer review and it did not submit the article for outside expert review by a physicist.[3][4] On the day of its publication in May 1996, Sokal revealed in Lingua Franca that the article was a hoax, identifying it as "a pastiche of left-wing cant, fawning references, grandiose quotations, and outright nonsense ... structured around the silliest quotations [by postmodernist academics] he could find about mathematics and physics."[2]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The hoax sparked a debate about the scholarly merit of humanistic commentary about the physical sciences; the influence of postmodern philosophy on social disciplines in general; academic ethics, including whether Sokal was wrong to deceive the editors and readers of Social Text; and whether Social Text had exercised appropriate intellectual rigor.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 S_LAWS}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Call me Elle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Frank was reminded of a friend\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s warning about women in Shreveport. Don\u8217\'92t get involved. They\u8217\'92re venus man-traps. Sirens on the rocks of Shreveport. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I went to a lower tiered school. Think 3rd-4th tier.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  I grinded for five years, billing insane hours for a insurance defense litigation sweat shop. After five years of litigation, I lateraled to a Vault firm, where I've been for the last five years. It's the kind of firm that would not accept the likes me, because of my inferior pedigree. Truth be told, I used my less than stellar credentials as motivation, and managed to lateral into my current firm by impressing one of the partner who was a co-defendant.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Five years later, I love the firm, love the work, fantastic institutional clients, but am spent. I can separate how grateful to the partner who hired me, from the toll it's taking on my personal life and desire to do the things I want to do. So, I'm done and my managing partner understands. The money isn't going to buy back the time I'm spending in the office.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So that's it. I'm selling most of my possessions, picking up a backpack, and headed to South America for a while. Where I'll end up, only time will tell. I'll be back in the States eventually.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just wanted to bid adieu to my hard working colleagues. Be kind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Edit. I came back this morning and spent half an hour responding to some of the comments here. And thanks for all of them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When I was 14, I didn't have money for Sadie Hawkins. (Do kids still have that?) I went on the Pennysaver (another relic), saw an ad to sell flowers on the side of the road, so I signed up. Made $32 that day. That bought our tickets, matching t-shirts and bus passes. While I didn't think of it then, I think about that day often, and how it defines who I am and that no work is beneath me. I share that because things always have a way of working themselves out for me.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With respects the to figurative turning in of the bar card, I know my career as an attorney is over. I trust my instincts and know what makes me happy. I understand the need to have safety outlets, but I know that I'm done insofar as my employment as an attorney.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thank you for the comments and insights.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One of the happiest J.D.s I have known is a woman who runs a little Monewbakery in Juneau, AK. She used to litigate for a V100 firm, got burned out, moved to a charming coastal town, bakes cupcakes, is happy and content. There is life after law,}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As I've stated to some of the others, I think the experience as an attorney varies. I know some lawyers who don't really care about their jobs or work, and they're happy as clams. I, on the other hand, internalize everything, and it makes me miserable.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I wish I could join you. After 6 years in a federal agency, 5 years before law school on Capitol Hill, an LLM in a niche field...I can't find a position outside my miserable government office. I've received no real legal training here. No firm would hire me and I'm from a top 50 school with good grades and a top 20 international LLM university. But $100,000+ of student loans and a family has made a modern day slave out of me. No hope of ever owning a home...no real opportunities for advancement or lateraling. The law is a joke as a profession.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You will be told you have to leave, want to leave, or both within five years. Don't sweat the small stuff and during this brief period when you have biglaw income, work on those loans\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 fundamentally can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t deal with the existence of whistleblowers. A bug which has been reluctantly accepted as feature. When both parties make comparable just arguments in the law, the law is said to be bad.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Short little questions - Where did you come from? How did you leave? How did you get here?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Only natural law: never own up. Right to silence. Right to self-incrimination}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "The maxim is sometimes said to be a fundamental principle of the whole criminal law, but I think that, like many other Latin sentences supposed to form part of the Roman law, the maxim not only looks more instructive than it really is, but suggests fallacies which it does not precisely state. It is frequently, though ignorantly, supposed to mean that there cannot be such a thing as legal guilt where there is no moral guilt, which is obviously untrue, as there is always a possibility of a conflict between law and morals."\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -James Stephenson}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Justice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 198-206 | Added on Friday, March 20, 2015 11:20:23 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 was an event in the late fifth century BC, related by the Roman historian Livy. It was a period of Roman history (long before there was a Roman Empire) marked by deep political and social conflict between the patrician and plebeian orders. This disunity naturally impaired the fledgling state\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ability to present a united face to actual or potential enemies abroad. But an incident in 438 or 437 BC had the effect of instantly uniting the Roman people against the neighboring state of Veii. In that year, the ruler of Veii, Lars Tolumnius, ordered the murder of four envoys sent to him from Rome. This deed was described by Livy not merely as an act of \u8220\'93unspeakable brutality\u8221\'94 but also as an egregious violation of \u8220\'93the law of nations (ius gentium).\u8221\'941 The Roman people\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 plebeian and patrician alike\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 were as one in their outrage, and war was inevitable. The result was a conflict of some twelve years\u8217\'92 duration, eventuating in a Roman victory}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 [Alexander] was, at least ostensibly, avenging the Persian invasion of Greece of a century and a half earlier.2 There was no shortage of skepticism as to the validity of this justification. But the crucial point is that it was generally seen to be necessary for even the greatest of conquerors to have justice on their side, as well as the god of battles.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some biologists have suggested a genetic explanation for altruistic behavior toward relatives.14 Claims have even been made of a specific biochemical basis for parochial altruism: a neuropeptide called oxytocin, which is produced in the human brain and operates as both a neurotransmitter and a hormone. This \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93love hormone\u8221\'94 (as it has sometimes been dubbed) is thought to have originally been associated with mother-infant bonding and later with various other prosocial features such as trust and empathy15\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 but only within a limited social range. Oxytocin, it has been asserted, also \u8220\'93contributes to the development of intergroup bias and preferential treatment of in-group over out-group members.\u8221\'94 It thereby \u8220\'93paves the way}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A speaker in one of Plato\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s dialogues referred to a general belief that states \u8220\'93are all engaged in a never-ending lifelong war against all other states.\u8221\'94 As a result, \u8220\'93what most men call \u8216\'91peace\u8217\'92 is really only a fiction, and in cold fact all states are by nature fighting an undeclared war against every other state.\u8221\'9476}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The most concrete manifestations of this unity were the periodic intercity gatherings in the form of the great athletic games, of which the most famous, in honor of Zeus, took place at Olympus. As in China, movement of individuals between}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thucydides, in his history of the epic Peloponnesian War (of 431\endash 404 BC) between Athens and Sparta, related a famous instance in which considerations of law or justice played no part. This occurred in 416/15 BC, when Athens refused to respect the wishes of the inhabitants of the island of Melos, originally a Spartan colony, to remain neutral. The pleas of the Melians were brushed aside by the Athenian military commanders, who asserted the existence of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93a general and necessary law of nature to rule whatever one can.\u8221\'94 They warned that following \u8220\'93the path of justice and honor\u8221\'94 was likely to prejudice the higher goals of self-interest and security.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But in all events, a priesthood of persons known as fetials was established in Rome at an early period, and a ritual introduced for inaugurating war. Briefly, it involved the sending of an envoy from Rome to the frontier of the would-be enemy state, where redress of some injury would be publicly demanded according to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93religion and justice.\u8221\'94 If satisfaction was refused (as was expected), the envoy would return to Rome to seek the opinions of the fetials as to whether war should be declared. If the fetials expressly approved of the waging of \u8220\'93just and righteous war\u8221\'94 over the issue in question\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and it would appear that they always did\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 then one of their number would himself go to the enemy\u8217\'92s frontier, bearing a spear. He would make a formal announcement of the war\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 including the just cause that had given rise to it\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and then hurl the spear into the enemy\u8217\'92s territory, thereby officially inaugurating the hostilities. Livy records the first use of this procedure as taking place around 625 BC, against the neighboring city of Latium.103 It must not be thought that this fetial procedure went}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 millennia preceding the dawn of history\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'9411\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 with the result that the human creature is, by nature, \u8220\'93an intensely tribal animal\u8221\'9412 with a \u8220\'93hardwired propensity to downgrade other-group members.\u8221\'9413}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Modern scientists have given the label \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93parochial altruism\u8221\'94 to this phenomenon of being altruistic and cooperative within small groups, while simultaneously hostile to outsiders.9 Konrad Lorenz, the noted Austrian ethologist, suggested that this moral dualism represents two sides of the same biological coin. He contended that animals which are noted for their mutual loyalty within their small groups are especially aggressive toward outsiders. \u8220\'93The proverbially most aggressive of all animals,\u8221\'94 he maintained, \u8220\'93Dante\u8217\'92s bestia senza pace [i.e., the wolf] is the most faithful of friends.\u8221\'9410 In a similar vein, the evolutionary biologist Edward O. Wilson has hypothesized that parochial altruism is an innate biological feature of Homo sapiens. \u8220\'93Our instincts,\u8221\'94 he suggests, \u8220\'93still desire the tiny, united band-networks that prevailed during the hundreds of}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Natural law, to them, was essentially what it had been to Aristotle: a set of norms that were applicable worldwide and not simply to this society or that one. The basic idea was aptly summed up by Cicero, in words attributed to a speaker in a dialogue. Natural law (ius naturale) was described as \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93right reason in harmony with nature\u8221\'94\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 as a body of law that was \u8220\'93spread through the whole human community, unchanging and eternal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What Ulpian did not explain was whether the ius gentium should be seen as a subcategory of natural law\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that is, as that portion of natural law which was applicable uniquely to humans\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 or whether its content was altogether separate from that of natural law. In all events, though, he was emphatic that the two kinds of law were not identical. Ulpian helpfully provided some illustrative examples. Into the category of natural law, he placed marriage, along with the procreation and rearing of children. Into the category of ius gentium, he placed slavery\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 carefully noting that, according to natural law, all persons are born free.139 From Hermogenian, a legal writer of the third}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Chinese conception of world order was essentially that of a world state with a single hegemon\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 the Chinese emperor. The Roman vision was very different. In place of a benevolent universal ruler, it advanced the more abstract, but ultimately more powerful, idea of an impersonal and universal rule of law. Moreover, the Roman legacy of universal law, in both of its incarnations\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 natural law and the ius gentium\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 was sharply distinguished from Rome\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s own civil (or national) law. This divergence between Chinese and Roman ways proved decisive. It would, eventually, determine that international law would be a product not of China but of Europe. Medieval Europe, however, would be no mere passive recipient of its classical heritage. It would make important innovations of its own.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In a nutshell, it was the idea that there is a body of law above and beyond that of state governments. More than that, though, it was the notion that this law actually constrains governments themselves, just as it constrains ordinary people. This law was not, however, always self-evident, and it was never self-executing. To some modest extent, these shortcomings could be dealt with by the Catholic Church. It possessed highly learned men who could expound the content of the law, and it had various spiritual weapons that it could wield against evildoers in high places. Medieval Europe accordingly had extensive experience in the defining and enforcing of universal standards against governments.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That the Roman emperor\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 who became officially \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Holy\u8221\'94 in 1157\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 was the foremost ruler in Western Europe was not doubted. But the claims that were advanced on his behalf were truly startling: of universal dominion. It was canon lawyers who first asserted that the Holy Roman emperor was the lord of the entire world (dominus mundi) and that, as such, he possessed a residual de jure sovereignty over the entire world. Rulers of the various kingdoms, on this thesis, possessed merely de facto power, which they had somehow wrested from the grasp of the universal monarch. A prominent champion of this theory was the eminent Italian Bartolus of Sassoferrato, one of the most famous and learned lawyers of the Middle Ages.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Between natural law and the Christian religion, there was a certain wariness. To contend that natural law was an adjunct of the Christian faith is very wide of the mark. Natural-law thought long preceded the advent of Christianity and was, in its inception, wholly a product of classical (i.e., Greek and Roman) civilization. It is impossible to overstate the importance of this point. Natural law was not religious either in content or origin, nor did the Christian faith have any privileged status within it. It was a law for the entire world at large, transcending the enormous diversity of the various human societies. At the same time, it is true that only Western European civilization devised such a body of thought. Indeed, natural law deserves to rank highly among the most distinctive features of Western civilization. What should be carefully appreciated, though, is that, even if the origin of natural-law thought was thoroughly and distinctively Western, the content of the law was held to be applicable worldwide. Natural law, in short, was a radically cosmopolitan, universalist corpus of thought. In this important respect, European civilization was sharply different from other societies. China had no such conception of natural law in the sense of a body of law applicable equally to all societies. The Chinese view was that China\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s own society was innately superior to all others, and hence that other societies were to be evaluated according to how nearly they conformed to Chinese ways. It will be seen that much the same ethos prevailed in the Islamic world, where the one body of law was held to govern the true believers, with infidels left to their own devices\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and with no \u8220\'93master law\u8221\'94 governing both.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  It will be recalled that, to Aristotle, sociability was a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93natural impulse\u8221\'94 of humans\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 hardwired into the human biogram. It was automatically and inescapably part of the human condition.31 Under the rationalist scheme, however, that confidence was in danger of being lost. Aquinas salvaged it as best he could by simply positing that the rules of natural law are compatible with \u8220\'93our natural inclinations\u8221\'94\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and that among these is \u8220\'93a natural inclination \u8230\'85 to live in society\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93to avoid giving offence to those among whom one has to live.\u8221\'9432 Natural-law thought, therefore, even in its newer rationalist form, managed to retain the traditional commitment to the principle of the natural sociability of humankind. The world is, in this picture, fundamentally harmonious and orderly rather than chaotic and violent.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The first theory, which we will call the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93dualist\u8221\'94 approach, held the two bodies of law to be more or less wholly distinct. The second school of thought, to be labeled the \u8220\'93substitution\u8221\'94 theory, held the ius gentium to be a kind of second-rate substitute for natural law. Finally, the \u8220\'93emanationist\u8221\'94 school (as it is being termed) held the two to be very closely connected, to the point that the ius gentium was actually a logical derivation from natural law. Of the three schools of thought concerning the relationship between natural law and the ius gentium, the dualistic one posited the sharpest distinction. It held that the two bodies of law differed from one another in two key respects. The first was that the ius gentium was a human creation, while natural law was not. The second key difference\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and the one justifying the label\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 was that the two bodies of law applied to different subject areas or spheres of activity. Of the three theories, this one bore the clearest mark of the Roman law origin of the ius gentium. In fact, it was basically}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Things covered by natural law pertain largely to the conduct of individual persons, such as marriage, the bringing up of families, and the fending off of assaults. Things falling into the ambit of the ius gentium, in contrast, are activities of states, including various aspects of war making and peacemaking.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 clear enough. The ius gentium is a man-made law, but only in the very restricted sense that it is humans, rather than animals, who are able to employ reason and thereby to discover what natural law requires in a variety of specific cases. The effect, then, is that natural law comprises the broad general principles, and the ius gentium the conclusions which logically flow from them. Employing a geometric analogy, we would say that natural law corresponds to the axioms, and the ius gentium to the theorems\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 with the two being, of course, intimately connected by an unbreakable chain of hypothetico-deductive reasoning.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nevertheless, broad agreement evolved on a fivefold schema of just-war doctrine, first set out in the early thirteenth century by Raymond of Pe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u241\'F1aforte, a Spanish Dominican who taught canon law at the University of Bologna.46 The five elements\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 all five which had to be satisfied\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 may be identified briefly (in no special order). One element was auctoritas. This meant that war could be waged justly only by a sovereign or by a subject at the command of a sovereign. It could not be done by subjects on their own initiative. A second element was personae. This meant that certain persons were prohibited from participation in war, no matter how clearly just the cause was. Most importantly, this meant that clerics were barred from belligerent activity.47 Third was the requirement of res. This word, meaning simply \u8220\'93thing\u8221\'94 in Latin, signified that the war had to have a defined goal or purpose\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that the \u8220\'93thing\u8221\'94 being fought over must be precisely identified. The clear implication was that, once this defined goal was attained, the war must stop. This principle, then, had the function of preventing a war from dragging on or degenerating into a conflict driven simply by the mutual hatred of the parties for one another. A fourth element of the schema\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and in some ways at the very heart of the just-war idea\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 was the requirement of iusta causa. This meant literally a \u8220\'93just cause.\u8221\'94 It should be noted that it meant a just cause in a strictly objective sense. In the dispute over the res, the just side is the one with the stronger legal case. It is not sufficient to fight in good faith, in the sincere belief that the law is on one\u8217\'92s side. The law must actually be on one\u8217\'92s side, or the war is unjust. In legal terminology, it would be said that there is strict liability on this point, meaning simply that no allowance is made for subjective considerations such as good faith.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The fifth and final element of the schema was animus. This referred to the subjective mental state of the combatant, though not to his opinion about the justice of his cause. Instead, it was a requirement that a fighter in a just war must do battle without personal animosity toward his foe. His battle must be against wrongdoing as such, and not against the wrongdoers as individuals. Here is the reflection, in just-war theory, of the Christian command to love one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s enemies. A just war should be seen as an enterprise in correction and instruction, and not in vengeance or bloodlust. War waged for greed or glory or for love of violence is unjust, even if the requisite iusta causa is present.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was in marked contrast to the Christian idea of government as being, at best, a necessary evil\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 an instrument for suppressing or policing the basic depravity of the human character. Another Aristotelian political philosophy, with its key notion that states or governments are natural phenomena\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and also are vehicles for the attainment of the fulfilling life.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Marsilius of Padua. Neither a lawyer nor a theologian, his professional training was in medicine. He supported Louis of Bavaria in his unsuccessful claim to the Holy Roman emperorship. More memorably, he wrote a major work of political theory, Defensor pacis (The Defender of Peace), in 1324.More than any other medieval writer, Marsilius dispensed with the idea of natural law. He did not reject the concept in principle, but he recognized it only as \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93the science or doctrine of right\u8221\'94 and not as actual law. Law in the proper sense, he insisted, is \u8220\'93a command coercive through punishment or reward \u8230\'85 in the present world.\u8221\'9471 The fundamental source of law, accordingly, is not reason but the will of the party promulgating it. Moreover, an indispensable sign of law is the omnipresent exposure to a sanction or punishment for its violation\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 just what natural law lacked. This is the clearest expression in the medieval era of what would later be termed the positivist conception of the law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In all events, Valverde\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s accounts of his experiences made a great impression on his hosts, and on one of them in particular. This was a monk named Francisco de Vitoria, who up until then had taken little or no interest in New World affairs.1 He was a theologian, chiefly distinguished as a leading figure in the sixteenth-century revival of the philosophy of that earlier Dominican, Thomas Aquinas. Vitoria hailed from a prominent family in Burgos. He studied in Paris in the early years of the sixteenth century, especially the works of Aquinas, and then returned to Spain to teach theology, first at the College of San Gregorio in Valladolid. He then moved to the University of Salamanca, where he held the prime chair in theology and expounded the works of Aquinas. He had connections in prominent humanist circles, being a personal friend of the noted Spanish humanist Luis de Vives and a defender of the famous scholar and polemicist Erasmus of Rotterdam from attacks by conservatives.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Vitoria was very impressed by the stories related by Valverde\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 though not in the manner intended. He was shocked by what he heard, and the more that he learned about the conduct of the Spanish in the New World, the more horrified he became. Later in 1534, he wrote in a private letter that \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93no business shocks me or embarrasses me more than the corrupt profits and affairs of the Indies. Their very mention freezes the blood in my veins.\u8221\'942 In 1539, he went public with his concerns, delivering a memorable set of lectures, known as a \u8220\'93relection,\u8221\'94 entitled De Indis (On the American Indians). In these, he discussed various issues largely from the standpoint of natural law and just-war doctrine. Vitoria\u8217\'92s conclusions, in some ways, were not so radical. He did accept that, in principle, the Spanish might have had some just cause for war against the Indians. But he doubted whether that amounted to a right of outright conquest and annexation of the Indian realms.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 However impressive the Islamic conquests of the seventh and eighth Centuries, they fell far short of encompassing the entire world. It has been observed that, in the case of Christian Europe, an alternative universalist vision was offered by natural-law doctrine. On this point, the Islamic world offered a very striking contrast. Natural law was one notable element of the Greek and Roman classical heritage that did not have a great impact on Muslim thought.4 Where the natural-law tradition insisted on an ultimate and fundamental unity of the entire human race, the Islamic faith held there to be a deep moral chasm between believers and infidels. In order to be truly moral, in Muslim eyes, it was necessary to be a Muslim and, by extension, to know and live by the Muslim law, the sharia.5 It is true that the Muslim faith did not countenance active mistreatment of infidels merely on the basis of nonbelief. On the contrary, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93people of the Book\u8221\'94 (meaning Jews and Christians plus, in practice, Zoroastrians) were to be tolerated. But this was a toleration liberally flavored by condescension. Infidels were regarded as moral inferiors and were subject to various disabilities, such as special taxation.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Aristotelian view, which was especially influential in the Dominican Order of monks (which included Aquinas), was fundamentally hostile to ideas of universal dominion and correspondingly supportive of ideas of mutual independence of states\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 with implications of non intervention by states in the affairs of one another.67 Aristotelianism, in short, was a philosophy of pluralism that directly challenged the universalist theses of empire and papacy. An expression of this new Aristotelian outlook can be found in the writing of a Dominican named John of Paris (Jean Quidort), who wrote in the late thirteenth century, in the generation after Aquinas. John was an avowed pluralist, maintaining that, because of the complexity of political life and secular power, it is not possible for universalism to reign in that sphere of life, as it can (and should) in the religious one. Different peoples have different modes of life, and there must therefore be different governments to accommodate them. Consequently, it is both necessary and desirable that there be a multiplicity of kingdoms.68 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There can be many different ways of living,\u8221\'94 asserted John, \u8220\'93and different kinds of state conforming to differences in climate, language, and the conditions of men, with what is suitable for one nation not so for another.\u8221\'94 He concluded, expressly invoking the authority of Aristotle, that \u8220\'93development of individual states and kingdoms is natural, [while] that of an empire or [universal] monarchy is not.\u8221\'9469}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Islamic ideal was that the Muslim world should comprise a single community of believers, united in a single polity and governed by sharia, the Islamic religious law. Within that world, there could be, in principle, no such thing as international law. Relations with the infidel world were, however, a different matter. The Quran, the sacred book of the Islamic faith, did not itself offer much guidance. But a body of law known as siyar gradually grew up to deal with such issues. (Siyar is the plural of the Arabic word sirah, which simply means conduct or behavior.)6 We must beware of thinking of the Islamic siyar in terms of our modern conception of international law because it was seen as a law exclusively for Muslims, not for infidels. It was a body of rules that instructed Muslim rulers on how they were to behave toward non believers. In modern parlance, it would be characterized as the Muslim law of foreign relations, rather than as international law per se.7}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Since siyar was seen as part of Islamic law, it followed that it must, in principle at least, flow from the same sources as Muslim law generally. In practice, however, that was not really the case, since the traditional sources of Islamic law had too little to offer in the way of substantive rules of conduct. Siyar was therefore, to a large extent, separate from other branches of Muslim law, being derived largely from custom and from reason rather than from the prescriptions of the Quran or practices of the Prophet Muhammad (which were, and still are, the two}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In an important sense, then, all Muslim wars against infidel powers\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 offensive and defensive alike\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 were regarded as, per se, just, provided that an invitation to convert was given prior to the launching of hostilities.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For all of these activities, the hardiness of the pioneer and the bravado of the warrior were greatly in demand. So too, however, were the skills of a more subtle and unobtrusive group of persons: lawyers. One of the challenges facing medieval lawyers was to determine the legal bases for these various external adventures. This was especially problematic for two of the four regions of expansion: the Holy Land and northeastern Europe. An important part of the lawyers\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 task was to decide what kind of entitlement to govern was possessed by the preexisting rulers\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 who in all cases were non-Christians. In dealing with these vital issues, natural-law doctrine was summoned to assist.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Since natural law applied to all members of the human race (and even to the entire animal kingdom, in Ulpian\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s version), there was no doubt that non-Christians were fully entitled to be owners of private property. More problematic was whether they had a right to exercise rulership, particularly over Christian subjects. There was a powerful strain of thought in Western Europe to the effect that pagans could not possess title to lands. This was the opinion of Hostiensis (also known as Henry of Segusio), who taught canon law at the University of Paris during the thirteenth century. In 1253, he contended that, \u8220\'93with the advent of Christ all offices and princely ranks \u8230\'85 have with just cause been withdrawn from all heathen and transferred to Christians.\u8221\'9428 Giles of Rome, who was archbishop of Bourges and a follower of Thomas Aquinas, insisted, in this same vein, that a person cannot be \u8220\'93the lord of anything or \u8230\'85 possess anything with justice unless he is also spiritually regenerated through the Church.\u8221\'9429 Aquinas himself held a somewhat more moderate stance: that, if sovereignty by an infidel ruler over Christians was \u8220\'93an established fact,\u8221\'94 then it could be allowed to continue\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 but that it was subject to revocation by the church at any time. The reason, he explained, was that \u8220\'93infidels by their infidelity deserve to forfeit power over the faithful.\u8221\'9430}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2091-2099 | Added on Saturday, March 21, 2015 11:44:01 PM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But this position did not, in the event, win official favor. The decisive contribution to the debate was made in 1243 by Pope Innocent IV (Frederick II\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s nemesis).31 Invoking natural law, he pronounced that \u8220\'93[d]ominions, possessions and jurisdictions are lawful and blameless among the infidels, for these were created not only for the faithful, but for all rational creatures.\u8221\'9432 Pagan princes even had a lawful right to rule over territories that had been conquered from prior Christian rulers\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 with the notable exception (as will be seen) of the Holy Land in the Middle East. This natural-law right to political dominion was likened, in its universality, to sunshine, which warmed persons of all faiths and cultures alike. For these views, there could be a case for crowning Innocent IV with the contested title of father of international law.33}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2099-2110 | Added on Saturday, March 21, 2015 11:44:51 PM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The logical implication of Innocent\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s position was immediately apparent. In order for wars against pagans and infidels to be lawful, they would have to be brought within the framework of general just-war doctrine, or else some kind of alternative justification outside that framework would have to be devised. That posed something of a challenge. But there was no shortage of lawyers prepared to meet it. Justifications for Crusading If traditional just-war theory was to be employed to justify crusading, then a persuasive just cause (iusta causa) would have to be identified. One possible theory was repressive rule by the Saracens (in the form of persecution of Christians), which could be argued to justify forfeiture of their right to rule. This was put forward, admittedly not in very dispassionate legal terms, at the outset of the crusading movement to the Holy Land. The famous sermon by Pope Urban II at Clermont in 1095, in one of the versions in which it has been reported (supposedly firsthand), contained an extensive catalogue of atrocities attributed to the Muslims. These included the devastation of the Holy Land with \u8220\'93pillage, fire, and the sword,\u8221\'94 the infliction of \u8220\'93cruel tortures\u8221\'94 onto Christians, the destruction of churches, and the ruining of altars with \u8220\'93filth and defilement.\u8221\'9434}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2110-2120 | Added on Saturday, March 21, 2015 11:46:37 PM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the longer term, however, allegations of misconduct by infidel rulers lost their persuasiveness, and resort was had to two other theories that were devised outside the framework of general just-war theory. One of them, known as recuperatio (\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93recovery\u8221\'94), was applied to crusading in the Holy Land. The other, known as dilatatio (\u8220\'93expansion\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93widening,\u8221\'94 cognate with the English word \u8220\'93dilate\u8221\'94), applied to the northeastern European crusading theater. The recuperatio theory was the more widely accepted of the two, since it had the support of Innocent IV himself. It held that the Holy Land must be seen as something of a special case. It was stated to be, uniquely, a res sancta (\u8220\'93sacred thing\u8221\'94) belonging, in permanent right, to the whole of Christendom. That meant that any infidel rulership over it could never be regarded as legitimate. Consequently, any Christian prince was entitled to reconquer it on behalf of the Christian community generally.35 Among the writers who supported this doctrine were John of Legnano and Bonet.36}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2120-2126 | Added on Saturday, March 21, 2015 11:47:16 PM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The dilatatio theory was more controversial. It was essentially a Christian version of the Muslim thesis, identified earlier, that the conquest of foreign lands was justifiable as a means to the effective promotion of the true faith. Conquest of a non-Christian land could be authorized (the theory went) on the condition that the conquerors convert their new subjects to the Catholic faith after gaining control. The distinctive feature of this doctrine was the absence of any requirement of prior wrongdoing on the part of the infidel rulers. It should also be noted that, as in Islamic belief, the actual conversion of the population was still required to be voluntary, so that the dilatatio principle did not amount, strictly speaking, to forcible conversion. But it justified the employment of force as}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2126-2133 | Added on Saturday, March 21, 2015 11:47:46 PM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 an ancillary\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and prior\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 aid to conversion. The dilatatio theory was not invoked in the original proclamation of the northeastern crusade by Pope Eugenius III in 1147. It first emerged in the context of European occupation of the Canary Islands in the fourteenth century. In 1344, Pope Clement VI made a grant of the islands to a certain Luis de La Cerda, a Spanish native who had transferred his allegiance to France. La Cerda\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s grant included the enviable title of \u8220\'93Prince of the Fortunate Isles.\u8221\'9437 He was thereby authorized to conquer and rule the islands but was also instructed to employ his powers to promote conversion of the native population to Christianity.38 The following year, Clement VI conferred the status of crusade onto La Cerda\u8217\'92s plans for conquest. As it happened, La Cerda never embarked on the conquest of his felicitous principality. But the concept of dilatatio}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 the fact that nonadherence to the Christian religion was simply not, per se, a violation of natural law. Consequently, non-Christians could not be deprived of their natural-law rights on the ground of their status as nonbelievers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Three years later, in 1455, Nicholas V followed this up with another bull, Romanus Pontifex (\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Roman Priest\u8221\'94).62 This granted to Portugal \u8220\'93the right of conquest\u8221\'94 of a somewhat vaguely defined portion of Africa extending through \u8220\'93all Guinea and beyond toward that southern shore.\u8221\'94 The king of Portugal was given the right \u8220\'93to invade, search out, capture, vanquish, and subdue all Saracens and pagans whatsoever, and other enemies of Christ wheresoever placed \u8230\'85 and to reduce their persons to perpetual slavery.\u8221\'94 He was also authorized to legislate and to levy taxes in the area. Trade with Saracens was permitted except in materials useful for war. Penalties for infringement of this grant were specified: excommunication for individuals, interdict for communities. The following year, Pope Callixtus III, in a bull entitled Inter Caetera (\u8220\'93Among Other [Works]\u8221\'94), reaffirmed Nicholas V\u8217\'92s grant and supplemented it by giving sole ecclesiastical jurisdiction over the area to the Order of Jesus Christ (a military order, of which Prince Henry was governor).63}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2326-2337 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:08:54 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The papal-grant theory received strong support at a junta held at the Dominican monastery of San Pablo in Valladolid in 1513. The occasion was the dispatching of an expedition to Panama, under the command of Pedro Arias de \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u193\'C1vila (often known as Pedrarias D\u225\'E1vila), to relieve Balboa of his command. King Ferdinand of Spain ordered its departure to be delayed, pending a consideration of the question of just wars against the natives by a committee of theologians. Two of the more noteworthy participants at this session were Mat\u237\'EDas de Paz and Juan L\u243\'F3pez de Palacios Rubios. Paz was a Dominican friar and professor of theology at the University of Salamanca. Palacios Rubios was a distinguished lawyer and member of the Council of Castile. Paz set out this thesis in an exposition entitled De Domino Regum Hispaniae super Indios (On the Dominion of the Spanish King over the Indies). This was noteworthy in relying on the papal grants as the sole basis of legal title of the Spanish monarchs.76 The views of Palacios Rubios were expounded in a work entitled De Insulis Oceanus (On the Islands of the Ocean Sea). He contended that, even granting the position of Innocent IV that pagan princes possessed lawful sovereignty, that sovereignty could be revoked from them by the pope and transferred to other rulers (i.e., the Spanish crown).77 Neither of these}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2338-2342 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:09:46 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Palacios Rubios did not shrink from the full logical consequences of his thesis. It meant that the Spanish crown had sovereignty over the New World territories even prior to the conquests on the ground. The task of the Spanish in the New World was therefore to inform the natives that they now had a new sovereign in the hope that they would quietly accept the new state of affairs. If they proved uncooperative on this point, then they could be lawfully subdued by force\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 as rebels against their lawful sovereign, not as subjects of an independent foreign prince.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2342-2359 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:10:45 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To facilitate this process of taking control of territories already granted, Palacios Rubios outlined a procedure that became known as the requerimiento. It appears to have been modeled on prior Islamic practices, which the Spanish became aware of during their reconquista of the Iberian peninsula.78 In essence, the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93requirement\u8221\'94 was a summons or ultimatum that was read out to the population of the area that the Spanish were intending to conquer. It informed the people that the Spanish were now their lawful sovereigns and called upon them to accept this state of affairs. As such, it has been derided by one modern historian as \u8220\'93surely the crassest example of legalism in modern European history\u8221\'9479 and by another, scarcely more gently, as \u8220\'93a strange blend of ritual, cynicism, legal fiction, and perverse idealism.\u8221\'9480 The text of the requerimiento began with a (necessarily brief) recitation of the history of the world. This included the key information that the pope had been made \u8220\'93lord and superior to all the men in the world\u8221\'94 by God and that he had allocated the lands of the Indians to the monarchs of Castile. The hearers were invited to inspect the documents proving this, if they so wished. They were then called upon to \u8220\'93acknowledge the Church as the ruler and superior of the whole world\u8221\'94 and the Spanish monarchs as their \u8220\'93lords and kings\u8221\'94 and to permit Christian clerics to preach the faith. They were expressly assured that they would not be compelled to convert to Christianity against their own wishes. But they were required to acknowledge their political subjection to their new sovereign. If they refused (the Indians were told), the Spanish would \u8220\'93forcefully enter into your country and \u8230\'85 make war against you \u8230\'85 and \u8230\'85 subject you to the yoke and obedience of the Church\u8221\'94 and of the Spanish monarchs. Slavery and confiscation of property would follow.81 A notary was to be present to record in writing that the requerimiento had been duly issued.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2359-2368 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:13:17 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The first recorded employment of the requerimiento in the field was in 1514 on the Caribbean coast of what is now Colombia. It appears to have been taken fairly lightheartedly by the Spaniards on that occasion, with stories of its being read out to trees and empty huts or intoned from the decks of ships as they approached Indian territories. But there was no significant contemporary opposition to it.82 It was dutifully employed by Hern\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u225\'E1n Cort\u233\'E9s in his famous conquest of Mexico in 1519\endash 22.83 It may have been read out to the Incans in 1532 in Cajamarca, by Pizarro\u8217\'92s chaplain Valverde\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 who was later to sojourn at San Esteban\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 although there was doubt on the point.84 The requerimiento continued to be employed until the 1540s. Its last use appears to have been in a campaign against Chichimec Indians in Mexico in 1542. It was read out on that occasion by a friar who stood prudently out of arrowshot range of the Indians\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 but probably beyond the range of audibility, too.85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2369-2376 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:14:11 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 From a legal standpoint, the requerimiento was far from airtight. To be effective, it would have to be heard and understood by the native populations. Making the requerimiento audible over a significant distance would have presented a challenge. Comprehension of it would have posed an even greater difficulty, since there is no evidence of the requerimiento\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ever having been translated into any of the native American languages. Unless a translator was ready to hand on the Indian side, the requerimiento could only have been so much incomprehensible gibberish.86 In recognition of this problem, a Spanish ordinance of 1526, promulgated by the Council of the Indies (the governing body for the Spanish colonies in the New World), required its proclamation in the native languages by interpreters.87}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2378-2385 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:15:50 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One of the doubters was a young scholar named Domingo de Soto, who was working as a teaching assistant to Vitoria at the University of Salamanca\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and who would later be his successor in the theology chair there. In a section of his relection De Dominio (On Dominion), in 1534\endash 35, he held that the popes had no power to confer sovereign rights onto the Spanish and Portuguese monarchs.88 Soto\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s master, Vitoria, voiced the same conclusion in his De Indis relection of 1539. The pope, he argued, was not the lord of the whole world. He could confer no sovereign powers onto kings and princes \u8220\'93because no one can give what he does not have.\u8221\'9489 He could therefore allocate spheres of missionary activity to Spain and Portugal but could not grant sovereignty.90}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2385-2394 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:16:08 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Despite these misgivings, the Spanish and Portuguese governments, together with their legal servants, continued throughout the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries to assert that the papal grants did confer actual sovereignty onto their recipients. The most prominent advocate of this thesis\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 who has been described as \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93the chief jurist of the [Spanish] empire\u8221\'94\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 was the Spanish cleric Juan de Sol\u243\'F3rzano y Pereira.91 A native of Madrid, he spent twelve years at the University of Salamanca\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that veritable hub of New World studies\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and then became a professor immediately upon graduation. But the major part of his career was spent in royal service, which included an eighteen-year stint as a judge in the audiencia of Lima (in 1609\endash 27). Upon his return to Spain, he served on the Council of the Indies. His massive study of colonial law, De Indiarum Jure (The Law of the Indies), written in 1629\endash 39, served as the de facto official statement of the Spanish government position on colonial issues. In this work, he insisted firmly on the validity of the papal donation as the basis of Spain\u8217\'92s title.92}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2396-2403 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:17:03 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An alternative basis of title to the New World territories was acquisition by means of a just war. The Spanish government began to incline in this direction as it reduced its reliance on the requerimiento. A decisive step was the promulgation of a set of ordinances in 1526. These stipulated that all licensed expeditions of conquest must be accompanied by two clerics, and that their prior written consent was a prerequisite to the employment of armed force. If war was waged contrary to this policy, then the expedition contract was to be revoked.93 Remarkably, the constraints imposed by the Spanish government sometimes did have effects on the actual conduct of the conquerors. When the audiencia of Guatemala insisted on adherence to these laws, the would-be conquistador Juan P\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9rez de Cabrera abandoned his conquest campaign rather than submit.94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2405-2414 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:18:39 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First was the obvious problem of determining whether the criteria for just wars were actually met in the cases at hand\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that is, whether there really was a iusta causa of the kind required. Second was the question of whether even a just war could entail a right of outright conquest. The weakness of the Spanish case on both of these counts was exposed by Vitoria in his two famous relections of 1539. Vitoria devoted the bulk of his attention to the question of iusta causa. A thorough analysis of this issue was his most distinctive contribution to the debates over the Americas. He began by endorsing the standard canon-law position (going back to Innocent IV) that, prior to the Spaniards\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 arrival, the Indians possessed lawful dominion over their lands.95 He then carefully considered a list of seven possible justifications for war against the Indians, finding all of them unpersuasive after close argument. Among these \u8220\'93unjust titles\u8221\'94 (as he called them) were the punishment of violations of natural law, the claiming of title by right of discovery, and purported grants of sovereignty by an emperor or pope.96 These were regarded as altogether invalid in principle as justifications for war.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2415-2428 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:19:17 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Without mentioning the requerimiento explicitly, Vitoria included among his unjust titles a failure on the natives\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 part to convert to Christianity upon hearing \u8220\'93a simple announcement\u8221\'94 of the faith. Only if the Indians refused to convert in the face of \u8220\'93miraculous signs or other reasons for belief\u8221\'94 could compulsion be used\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that is, if they positively repudiated the Christian faith rather than merely passively declined to join it. Vitoria added darkly that he had received no information of any such signs. \u8220\'93On the contrary, I hear only of provocations, savage crimes, and multitudes of unholy acts.\u8221\'9497 Vitoria then proceeded to identify eight bases on which, at least in principle, conquest of the Indians could be justified. These included possible violations by the Indians of various rights of the Spanish, such as a right of \u8220\'93natural partnership and communication.\u8221\'94 War could also be justified for the purpose of spreading information about the Christian faith, protecting converts, and defending innocent persons against tyrannical rulers. Mental incapacity on the part of foreign peoples could also justify their conquest.98 Vitoria carefully held back, however, from pronouncing on whether any of these justifications had actually been present at the time of the conquests. The nearest that he came was in his endorsement of the lawfulness of assisting allies who were fighting a just war. He cautiously noted that \u8220\'93[t]his is what is said to have happened\u8221\'94 during Cort\u233\'E9s\u8217\'92s campaign in Mexico, when the Spanish allied themselves with an Indian state that was fighting against the Aztecs.99}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There's so much! A lot of the craziest stuff is in the fossil fuel related bills. For example, I've seen multiple bills that make people fly to Washington D.C. to challenge natural gas fracking and fossil fuel pipelines in court and I've seen lots of automatic approvals of permits. There was also a truly scandalous bill that allows US taxpayer bailouts of foreign and domestic banks that trade the riskiest derivatives (the kind that literally crashed the world's economy in 2008). That bill was quietly attached by Rep. Kevin Yoder of Kansas to the 2015 funding law - which President Obama had to sign to prevent another full government shutdown - and is now law. That is still one of the craziest things I've ever seen in my life.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It has been observed that there was significant support for the thesis that the papal awards of the fifteenth century had merely been allocations of spheres of missionary activity and not grants of sovereignty over territory. That did not rule out the possibility, however, that the one might lead to the other. Moreover, there was a readily available legal doctrine tailor-made to accomplish just that intellectual jump: the principle of dilatatio, which was now applied to the New World rather than to northeastern Europe. In the reopened debate over dilatatio, the doctrine was justified on the basis of a more fundamental general principle of law: that, if jurisdiction is granted or a duty imposed, then the party affected must be understood to possess everything necessary to exercise the jurisdiction or perform the duty.113 On this thesis, the Spanish rulers could be entitled to acquire sovereignty over the Indian kingdoms as an adjunct to, or instrument of, the conversion process. This argument is interesting because it effectively conceded that the pope did not directly grant sovereignty to Spain. Instead, he granted the right to acquire sovereignty by means of forcible self-help, if that was necessary to effectuate the task of conversion.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With this argument, Vitoria had considerable sympathy, listing it among the potentially valid bases of Spanish title in his 1539 relection. He conceded that the pope \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93has power in temporal things insofar as they concern spiritual things.\u8221\'94 It was also within the pope\u8217\'92s discretion to entrust evangelization programs to single states exclusively\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and that this can even include a monopoly on trading rights \u8220\'93if this is convenient for the spreading of the Christian religion.\u8221\'94 He went on to hold that monopoly trading rights in the allocated areas were necessary for the orderly progress of missionary activity and therefore were legally valid. Moreover, popes had the power to \u8220\'93distribute\u8221\'94 the territories of Saracens to Christian princes \u8220\'93for the preservation of peace and the progress of religion.\u8221\'94 That meant that popes had the power to \u8220\'93make new princes for the furtherance of religion \u8230\'85 in places where there had never before been any Christian princes.\u8221\'94114 At the same time, though, Vitoria introduced an important cautionary note. If the Indians, of their own free will, allowed missionaries to come among them and preach, then there would be no need, under the circumstances, for the Spanish to depose their rulers and conquer their kingdoms.115 Not surprisingly, the king of Spain, Charles I (better known in his capacity as Holy Roman Emperor Charles V), was displeased to find his policies publicly questioned by self-appointed critics. He ordered the prior of San Esteban monastery to stop his charges from debating this sensitive matter.116 At the same time, though, Charles revealed that doubts were gnawing away even in governmental circles. In 1550, he ordered a suspension of all conquest expeditions and the convening of a special panel of theologians and advisers, to determine the criteria for the lawful waging of wars of conquest.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2505-2513 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:26:26 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Of greater prominence than the panel members were the opposing advocates. Arguing against the policy of conquest in the service of conversion was a Dominican bishop named Bartolom\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9 de las Casas. He was the most renowned champion of the rights of the native populations of the New World. Originally from a prominent merchant family of Seville, he emigrated with his father to Hispaniola in the West Indies in 1502, during his teens. There, he became a plantation owner, employing local Indians as slave labor and even participating in military expeditions and slave raids against the Indians. But his life\u8217\'92s vocation was to lie in a dramatically different direction. In 1510, he became a priest, the first to be ordained in the New World. The decisive change in his life, though, took place the following year, when he attended an eloquent sermon by a Dominican friar named Antonio de Montesinos, who denounced mistreatment of the native peoples of the Americas by the Spaniards.117 Las Casas was thereby inspired to enter the Dominican order himself and to make the welfare of the Indian population the great mission of his life.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2521-2526 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:30:42 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 this position was contrary to official church doctrine, it was swiftly condemned and denied publication by the theology faculties of the Universities of Salamanca and Alcal\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u225\'E1, although it circulated widely in manuscript form. It also earned Sep\u250\'FAlveda a gift of two hundred pesos worth of jewels and clothing from grateful readers in Mexico.119 Following this rejection by the two universities, he wrote to Charles V\u8217\'92s son Philip (the future king of Spain, then serving as regent of Castile) in 1549, demanding}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2530-2536 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:43:33 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He presented the panel with a 550-page treatise (Argumentum apologiae), which appears to have been an early version of his major work, In Defense of the Indians. It argued against the Spanish policies and in favor of a strategy of winning natives over to the Christian religion exclusively by peaceful means. On the question of the law applicable to the conquest of pagan peoples, las Casas closely followed Vitoria. Like his predecessor, he conceded the existence of a number of just grounds for war, including forcible occupation of Christian lands, impeding the preaching of the truth faith, and waging aggressive war against Christians. But he was more explicit than Vitoria had been in his emphatic denial, based on firsthand knowledge, that any of these abominable acts had actually been committed by the Indians.121}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2541-2543 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:44:13 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He took a similar approach to dilatatio. Like Vitoria, he basically conceded its validity. But he went on to argue that it could only serve as a justification for conquest if the acquisition of sovereignty was, in fact, truly necessary to effectuate conversion. In his opinion, it was not necessary.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2547-2552 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:44:53 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sep\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u250\'FAlveda advanced four arguments in support of the Spanish conquest policy. The first was that the various sins committed by the Indians (including idolatry and sundry sins against nature) justified war against them. Second was the classic Aristotelian argument that the base nature of the Indians made them naturally suitable for the role of servants to the more advanced and civilized Spaniards. Third was the dilatatio principle. And finally, he argued that Spanish rule provided increased protection to weak and vulnerable natives.123 It is noteworthy that none of these arguments alleged the commission of any offense by the Indians against the Spanish specifically, though the first one rested on violations of general natural law.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2555-2558 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:45:49 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is evidence that, by 1557, nearly all of the panel members had composed individual opinions, but these have been lost. It appears that Soto abstained, and that a collective judgment was never arrived at, despite the earnest efforts by the Council of the Indies, continuing over a period of some years, to obtain one.124 Las Casas has been said to have won \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93a}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2555-2560 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:46:08 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is evidence that, by 1557, nearly all of the panel members had composed individual opinions, but these have been lost. It appears that Soto abstained, and that a collective judgment was never arrived at, despite the earnest efforts by the Council of the Indies, continuing over a period of some years, to obtain one.124 Las Casas has been said to have won \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93a technical victory\u8221\'94 in that Sep\u250\'FAlveda\u8217\'92s treatise remained suppressed (not to be published finally until the late nineteenth century).125 But the fact remains that no judgment was rendered. The}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2564-2568 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:46:35 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If the great debate at Valladolid had little immediate impact, the position of las Casas won official favor in the longer run, largely as a result of the work of a lawyer named Gregorio L\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u243\'F3pez de Tovar. Originally from Guadalupe in Spain and educated at Salamanca, he served the Spanish government in various high capacities, including the important post of president of the Council of the Indies (in 1543\endash 60) at the time of the Valladolid debate. He appears never to have visited the New World, but he was married to the niece of Francisco Pizarro.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 L\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u243\'F3pez\u8217\'92s position was incorporated, in 1573, into a new legal ordinance regulating the conquest process.127 Henceforth, the word \u8220\'93conquest\u8221\'94 was to be eschewed altogether, in favor of \u8220\'93pacification.\u8221\'94 In dealings with Indian groups, the positive benefits of Spanish rule were to be stressed. But it was also provided that, if the natives were to oppose Spanish settlement and the preaching of the Christian faith, then force could be used against them.128}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 King Francis I of France is said to have scornfully remarked that he \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93should be very happy to see the clause in Adam\u8217\'92s will which excluded me from my share when the world was being divided.\u8221\'94137 The English government, not surprisingly, took much the same view. Queen Elizabeth I, in the late sixteenth century, made it clear to the Spanish ambassador that she refused to acknowledge the right of the pope \u8220\'93to partition the world and to give and take kingdoms to whomsoever he pleased.\u8221\'94138}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ==========}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3FJustice among Nations (Neff, Stephen C.)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - Your Highlight on Location 2648-2655 | Added on Sunday, March 22, 2015 1:57:23 AM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The essence of the English case was that the Spanish had a right to undisturbed possession of whatever lands they actually controlled, but that they did not have a true legal title to other areas. Discovery of the lands did not, on its own, confer title. Vitoria shared this opinion. Discovery \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93of itself,\u8221\'94 he insisted, \u8220\'93provides no support for the possession of these lands, any more than it would if they [the native rulers] had discovered us.\u8221\'94140 King Francis I of France was of a similar mind. \u8220\'93To pass by and eye,\u8221\'94 he grumbled, \u8220\'93is no title of possession.\u8221\'94141 The conclusion to be drawn from this was clear: that until and unless the Spanish actually took permanent possession of lands and continuously governed them, other powers were free to step in, even if the Spanish had}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 law. Later generations (as will be seen) would adopt different terminology for what Su\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u225\'E1rez called the ius gentium proper. They would label it the \u8220\'93voluntary\u8221\'94 (or \u8220\'93volitional\u8221\'94) law of nations. Later, it would more commonly be called the \u8220\'93positive\u8221\'94 law of nations. The important point, though, is that Su\u225\'E1rez was the first (since Isidore) to articulate the idea of a corpus of man-made international law alongside\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and distinct from\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 natural law, and devoted specifically to the sphere of interstate relations.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Grotius\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s conception of natural law, like Su\u225\'E1rez\u8217\'92s, was squarely in the line of rationalist thought from the Middle Ages. His definition of natural law as \u8220\'93a dictate of right reason\u8221\'94 was virtually identical to that of Aquinas.52 He explicitly voiced a preference for a mathematical approach to the subject, with conclusions rigorously derived from axioms in the manner of Euclidean geometry.53 He clearly distinguished natural law from divine law, which consisted of the commands of God. Natural law, as a purely logical system, was stated to be entirely self-standing, owing nothing to God.54 In a famous statement in his prologue, Grotius went so far as to assert that, even if there were no God at all, natural law would still exist in its full and complete form.55}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 security, as a primary natural-law right was nothing new. Aquinas had said as much.86 The key difference was that, for Aquinas, self-preservation had been only one of three core natural-law principles (the other two being the nurturing of the young and, crucially, the quest for harmonious social life).}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For Hobbes, security was, in effect, the sole basic natural right. It authorized each individual person to take whatever steps are necessary to preserve his existence in a turbulent world. At the root of the Hobbesian \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93war of all against all\u8221\'94 is the regrettable fact that opinions of people will differ as to how far they are entitled to go in exercising this right, with the melancholy result that the various individual rights of survival will clash with one another. Hobbes was, however, able to offer a means of escape from this living hell. This was by harnessing the one and only fundamental duty of natural law: the obligation to adhere to contracts that are freely entered into. Pacta sunt servanda was the standard Latin formulation of this principle: \u8220\'93Pacts must be observed.\u8221\'94 The state of nature may have provided nothing that could be said to resemble an ordered human society, but it was within the power of humans to create such a society for themselves, by means of contracts. The way that this could come about, Hobbes posited, was for various individuals to enter into a contract with one another, pursuant to which they would all cede or transfer their natural-law right of self-rule to some third party\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 who would thereby become the sovereign of a politically ordered society. This sovereign would then have the task of providing for the collective survival of the contractors by making use of the pool of rights that they had conferred onto him.87}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This came about as a result of the unsuitability of natural-law doctrine to a world in which powerful central governments were emerging, based in territorial states. In certain respects, to be sure, natural law was eminently suited to serve as a basis of law between sovereigns. Since natural law was radically cosmopolitan in character, it could, without any difficulty, be held to be applicable in the furthest corners of the earth, to every single kind of human society. No law, surely, could be more truly international than that. In other respects, however, natural law was profoundly ill equipped to deal with practical questions of international relations. The reason is that natural law was, from its inception, always seen as basically a set of rules about interpersonal relations rather than about interstate relations. Nowhere is this more evident than in discussions of the law of self-defense, which focused principally on the rights of individuals to use force when assailed by a wrongdoer.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The implications of Hobbes\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ideas for international law were many. One of them\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and the one that has attracted the most attention\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 is that the political sovereignty created by this process was effectively absolute (or, at a minimum, very nearly so). This was because the contracting parties have given up the overwhelming share of their natural-law rights to the sovereign in exchange }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The first was it now became possible to think, more clearly than before, of a state as an entity that was quite distinct from its members\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and, more importantly, as an entity with rights, duties, and interests of its own, which are different from, and superior to, those of its members. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A city,\u8221\'94 declared Hobbes, \u8220\'93is one person, whose will, by the compact of many men, is to be received for the will of them all.\u8221\'9488 Where the Aristotelian city-state and the Italian communes had been seen as associations between citizens, the Hobbesian state was regarded as a sovereign above its subjects, and distinct from them. For this reason, it was Hobbes, far more than Bodin, who acted as the herald angel of modern conceptions of state sovereignty. It is immediately apparent that this gathering}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This brings us to the second major implication for international law of the Hobbesian system. That is, that the sole legal tie between states is provided by natural law. Here, it must be remembered that the Hobbesian state of nature\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 in which the states of the world lived vis-\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u224\'E0-vis one another\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 was far from harmonious. Its core feature was conflict. Strictly speaking, despite the use of some memorably lurid language, Hobbes did not really see humans as relentlessly bloodthirsty monsters. His state of nature was slightly more abstract than that. It was a condition in which the basic rights of persons (i.e., of states) overlap worryingly, without any means for drawing a sharp line to determine where one party\u8217\'92s right of survival begins and another\u8217\'92s ends. Drawing such sharp lines is the function of a sovereign\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 but the international arena possesses no sovereign. Consequently, there is an omnipresent potential for conflict, even when actual material warfare is absent. It was this omnipresent potential that Hobbes regarded as a state of continuous war. In principle, there would seem to be no reason that Hobbes\u8217\'92s contractual solution could not be applied at the collective level of state-to-state relations as well as to the individual level. On this view, smaller states would band together into larger ones, and then larger ones into yet larger ones until, eventually, the whole world was comprised in a single sovereign state. Hobbes did not, however, envisage that this would occur. It was still possible, though, for at least a semblance of international order to be brought about by deft employment of the basic natural-law duty to adhere to contracts. States could enter into treaties with one another\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 treaties that they would then be under a natural-law duty to fulfill.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hobbesian vision of international order was indelibly marked by two crucial features. First, it was a world that was intrinsically conflictual rather than harmonious. Peaceful and orderly relations between states were not impossible, but they had to be painstakingly and consciously constructed by purely human initiative, from below. There might be islands of order, but they are protrusions from an ambient ocean of conflict, whether actual or potential. The second crucial feature of the Hobbesian international world was that any orderliness must be entirely treaty-based (although treaties did not necessarily have to be in the form of written documents, with fancy lead seals). There was no detailed body of substantive natural-law principles to guide the statesmen of the world.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One of Zouche\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s contributions to international law was the invention of an early version of what became the modern name for the subject (albeit in the Latin tongue). In place of the received expression \u8220\'93ius gentium,\u8221\'94 he suggested substituting \u8220\'93ius inter gentes.\u8221\'94 That is, he favored speaking of a \u8220\'93law between nations\u8221\'94 instead of a \u8220\'93law of nations.\u8221\'94 The reason behind this proposed change was to make it clear that the law governing relations between states was importantly different from the original Roman-law ius gentium, which Zouche correctly explained to be merely \u8220\'93the common element in the law\u8221\'94 in transactions between individuals.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 d Politics (1670), followed by A Treatise on Politics, published posthumously in 1677. These writings were in a strongly Hobbesian vein. He followed Hobbes in holding that only natural law governed relations between states.108 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93[S]ince \u8230\'85 the right of the sovereign is simply the right of nature itself,\u8221\'94 asserted Spinoza, \u8220\'93two states are in the same relation to one another as two men in the condition of nature.\u8221\'94 He flatly pronounced states to be \u8220\'93enemies by nature.\u8221\'94109 If anything, he was even more radical than Hobbes in that he denied the existence of an absolute duty to observe treaties. Once the motive for concluding an agreement disappears\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that is, once there ceases to be any advantage in adhering to a treaty\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a state has a \u8220\'93full right,\u8221\'94 he maintained, to break it.110 The reason is that a ruler owes a higher duty to his own subjects to protect their \u8220\'93safety and advantage\u8221\'94 than he does to fellow sovereigns to adhere to agreements.111 Spinoza, however, was exceptional in his}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The writing of Pufendorf aptly illustrates the marginal significance attached by the naturalists to treaties. He compared them to contracts in civil law. Just as contracts are private obligations between citizens without being part of the general law of the state itself, so are individual treaties merely private arrangements between states, and hence not component parts of a general law of nations. Some treaties, he conceded, replicated provisions of natural law and, on that basis, could perhaps be said to be something more than mere private arrangements. But he had an especially low opinion of treaties of this sort, on the ground that they risked detracting from natural law. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93[C]ivilized men,\u8221\'94 he grumbled, \u8220\'93should almost be ashamed to be a party to a pact the articles of which say no more than they may not clearly and directly violate the law of nature, as if without such a pact a man would not be sufficiently mindful of his duty.\u8221\'94118}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The spider represented speculative thought, in which a writer spins out ideas from within his own mind, in the manner of a spider spinning out silk from its own glands. The ant represented mere mechanical conduct, the mindless piling up of facts without any theoretical guidance, like the ants piling up food for the winter. In between\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and much the best of the three\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 was the way of the bee, which involved gathering in material from the outside world, but then transforming it qualitatively into something more useful.1}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is no law of nations outside of the customs followed by nations and the obligations contracted by States. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 TH\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u201\'C9OPHILE FUNCK-BRENTANO AND ALBERT SOREL}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 BY 1814\endash 15, French revolutionaries and their grand principles were in very bad odor\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 at least in the eyes of the governments of the allied states that had defeated revolutionary (and imperial) France, after more than twenty arduous years of war. Among the products of the revolution that the victorious powers were determined to bury were appeals to natural rights against established authority. It had become all too apparent how much damage could be done by persons whom the British politician and polemicist Edmund Burke derided as \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93speculatists,\u8221\'94 with their grandiose plans for the wholesale replacement of a corrupt present with a rational future.1 Burke had nothing but scorn for \u8220\'93those extravagant and presumptuous speculations\u8221\'94 that lead revolutionary leaders \u8220\'93to despise all their predecessors, and all their contemporaries.\u8221\'942 The proper course of action, in his opinion, is to build on the solid basis of the past, and always with due regard to the concrete realities of human experience. International lawyers in the nineteenth century\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 an unrevolutionary group if ever there was one\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 largely followed Burke\u8217\'92s advice. Ironically, in so doing they made a revolution of their own. The monarch they overthrew was not, however, of human flesh. It was natural law. It is true that natural law had been gradually loosening its grip over lawyers\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 at least those of the Grotian persuasion\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 throughout the eighteenth century. But the nineteenth-century positivists went a decisive step further, by rejecting natural law wholesale and in principle, instead of merely reducing their reliance on it, as writers like Bynkershoek and Martens had previously done. International lawyers would now, for the first time, begin to congregate at the extreme pragmatic end of the international-law spectrum. The age of the ants had arrived. This principled rejection of natural law }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An interesting challenge to this dualist picture is a situation in which a state is prohibited by its national law from doing something that is required of it by international law. An example would be a treaty that required extradition of any person, regardless of nationality, matched against a constitutional ban on the extradition of nationals to foreign states. When the extradition of a national of the state is sought, a direct conflict between the two obligations occurs. Which law prevails in such a case? Anzilotti was ready with an answer to this. He contended that, strictly speaking, the apparent contradiction is only an illusion. The reason is that, within each of the two systems\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 considered independently of one another\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 there is no contradiction. International law unambiguously requires one outcome, while national law, equally unambiguously, requires another. There is therefore no clash between the two systems of law, as such.49 It remains the case, though, that the state is in a dilemma. If it adheres to its constitution, then it must breach its treaty obligation. Conversely, if it fulfills the treaty obligation, then it must violate the constitution. The government of the state therefore cannot avoid making an agonizing choice between these two courses of action. Anzilotti\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s point, however, is that it is the state itself that faces this dilemma, not either of the two systems of law. The legal systems both remain free of ambiguity or contradiction\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and resolutely independent of one another. The real \u8220\'93solution\u8221\'94 to this dilemma, then, is that governments should be scrupulously vigilant and take the utmost care that they do not carelessly incur incompatible obligations. The situation at hand, in other words, is merely a demonstration of government negligence, not o}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Concerning the common-will version of positivism in general, it may be objected\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and it was\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that it is not really properly positivist at all. The reason is that the necessary basis of this system is the underlying principle of adherence to contracts (pacta sunt servanda). And this core principle, it may be argued, can only be a principle of natural law. It had been so regarded since at least the time of Hobbes. It may be contended, therefore, that the common will merely determines the content of legal obligations, and that it is the natural-law principle of pacta sunt servanda which actually makes agreements legally binding on the parties. Triepel accommodated this critique by conceding that international law rests, ultimately, on a nonpositivist foundation\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 not on natural law, but rather on general human psychology.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So high a value did the neo-Hegelian writers place on state sovereignty that they insisted that what was commonly referred to as \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93international law\u8221\'94 was, in reality, merely the sovereign state\u8217\'92s own national law applied to the area of foreign relations\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 often called \u8220\'93external state law\u8221\'94 (Das \u228\'E4ussere Staatsrecht), on the precedent of Hegel himself.56 This reflected the essence of the voluntarist position: that the individual sovereigns of each state are the sole authorities who can make or accept law for that state, and that no external agency can impose legal obligations on a state against its will. It is not difficult to see that this approach comes extremely close to denying the possibility of international law altogether. It may be noted that this voluntarist theory entails the rejection of the dualist outlook of the common-will school. (In general, the voluntarists were scornful opponents of the common-will adherents.) According to the voluntarists, the difference in subject matter between domestic law and international law is merely a superficial one. Fundamentally, to the voluntarists, all law is the product of a single source: the will of single, individual states. Consequently, there can be no fundamental difference between national and international law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 From the basic rejection of natural law, combined with the image of international law as a consensual system based on the will of states, it was the shortest of logical steps to conclude that international law can only be understood as a product of history. Only a study of the actual experiences of states can reveal what agreements states have actually concluded at any given time. Here too, the affinity between the positivists and the historical school of law is clear. Furthermore, it became apparent, when such a close study was duly carried out, that one particular group of states had been responsible for agreeing on the corpus of rules known as international law. These were the countries of Western Europe, together with their overseas offshoots in the Western Hemisphere. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The result of this way of thinking was an apparent paradox. Natural lawyers were, by temperament, social critics, ever striving to bring power to heel under the rule of law.105 At the same time, though, the law to which they were so devoted was static. It was an unchanging corpus of substantive rules\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 applicable, to be sure, in widely varying circumstances, but fundamentally unvarying. The nineteenth-century positivists were just the opposite. They were conservatives in the sense that they left governments with a largely free hand to operate as they wished, without any carping or nagging. They were nonjudgmental\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 perhaps to a fault. But their vision of law and lawmaking was intrinsically dynamic. Constant change was its very essence. In this very particular sense, the positivist lawyers could be called \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93progressives.\u8221\'94 There were those who doubted, though, whether constant change, unleavened by even a scintilla of bracing criticism, was necessarily a good thing. Was it not possible that some kinds of change might be bad rather than good? For the overwhelming part, the positivist lawyers displayed little inclination to ask questions such as this. They saw great progress all around them and were conscious that they were playing a part in it, if only at the humble ministerial level rather than as policy makers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 truly, the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93body politic.\u8221\'94 Consequently, there is an urgent need to remove the myriad governmental distortions and interferences that prevent the natural mechanism from working smoothly. Highest on the physiocratic target list were the various programs under the general label of mercantilism\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 the elaborate network of monopolies, subsidies, taxes, quotas, employment restrictions, and sumptuary laws\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 that had the effect of diverting the natural flows and rhythms of the economy into artificial channels. \u8220\'93Laissez faire, laissez passer,\u8221\'94 a phrase coined by A. R. J. Turgot in 1757, became their most famous motto. (Like all good propagandists, the physiocrats were very prolific in the production of mottoes.) This clarion call applied most directly to the dismantling of barriers to the free flow of grain between the provinces of France, with the immediate purpose of allowing supplies to flow freely from places of surplus to places of shortage so as to avert famines. It was primarily British political economists who took up the physiocratic ideas and applied them more widely. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 On this point, too, Bastiat was characteristically outspoken. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Our code is this,\u8221\'94 he declared: \u8220\'93 \u8216\'91The least possible contact between governments, the most contact between peoples.\u8217\'92 Why? Because contact between governments compromises peace, whereas contact between peoples guarantees it.\u8221\'9447 With trade so highly praised as the key to world peace, it is perhaps not surprising to find Richard Cobden, one of the most dedicated British economic liberals of the century, grandly proclaiming that }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 [\endash ]GuvnaG 193 points 2 hours ago }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That bill was quietly attached by Rep. Kevin Yoder of Kansas to the 2015 funding law - which President Obama had to sign to prevent another full government shutdown - and is now law.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I haven't heard of this. Why haven't I heard of this? Any idea why that didn't get any attention?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 [\endash ]socialistbob 43 points an hour ago }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its written in legalese and discussed on CSpan instead of major channels. Plus at the time more people were focused on an impending government shut down. Its amazing what kind of egregious laws are passed with out people noticing. In my home state the voting laws were just changed so out of state students attending college would have to re register their drivers license and change license plates if they wanted to register to vote here and virtually no one noticed because people don't follow politics that closely or realize how much of an impact they can have.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One that works and benefits the people who must abide by that law.Assuming that by "good" we mean acceptable in the democratic concept, a "good" law is one which is:1) Clear2) Possible to follow3) Enforceable4) Consistent with the country's constitutional rightOthers would add that the law should also have a "worthwhile purpose" (although worthwhile seems open to value judgments) and which should also be "fair" (but we could also say that laws should be enforced equally or applied equally to all citizens)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If the majority of the population disagrees with the law and does not obey or contribute to its enforcement (say some drug laws) it is a bad law.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Good laws respect the right of individuals to self determination and choice. Laws which represent "tyranny of the majority" are also not good laws.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Every time you pass a law you create "criminals" so the fewest laws compatible with a functioning society is desirable.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 URL: http://groups.able2know.org/philforum/topic/2735-1}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 You might have noticed that law has grown progressively denser in your lives over the last decade or two. If you run a business, it's hard to do much of anything without calling your general counsel. Indeed, there is this phenomenon now where the general counsels are becoming the CEOs. It's a little bit like the Invasion Of The Body Snatchers. You need a lawyer to run the company, because there's so much law. But it's not just business that's affected by this, it's actually pressed down into the daily activities of ordinary people. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now for 20 years, tort reformers have been sounding the alarm that lawsuits are out of control. And we read every once in while about these crazy lawsuits, like the guy in the District of Columbia who sued his dry cleaners for 54 million dollars because they lost his pair of pants. The case went on for two years; I think he's still appealing the case. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They'll think it was some kind of aphrodisiac. That's the only explanation. Because why would you have to tell people that something was actually hot? My favorite warning was one on a five-inch fishing lure. I grew up in the South and whiled away the summers fishing. Five-inch fishing lure, it's a big fishing lure, with a three pronged hook in the back, and outside it said, "Harmful if swallowed." (Laughter)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Law sets boundaries, and on one side of those boundaries are all the things you can't do or must do -- you can't steal, you've got to pay your taxes -- but those same boundaries are supposed to define and protect a dry ground of freedom.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 13:18 Isaiah Berlin put it this way: "Law sets frontiers, not artificially drawn, within which men shall be inviolable." We've forgotten that second part. Those dikes have burst. People wade through law all day long. So, what's needed now is to rebuild these boundaries. And it's especially important to rebuild them for lawsuits. Because what people can sue for establishes the boundaries for everybody else's freedom. If someone brings a lawsuit over, "A kid fell off the seesaw," it doesn't matter what happens in the lawsuit, all the seesaws will disappear. Because no one will want to take the risk of a lawsuit. And that's what's happened. There are no seesaws, jungle gyms, merry-go-rounds, climbing ropes, nothing that would interest a kid over the age of four, because there's no risk associated with it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 14:06}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And so here is the fourth proposition. This is what we have, the philosophy we have to change to. And there are two essential elements of it: We have to simplify the law. We have to migrate from all this complexity towards general principles and goals. The constitution is only 16 pages long. Worked pretty well for 200 years.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Space Law:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who has jurisdiction in space?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A State Party to the Treaty on whose registry an object launched into outer space is carried shall retain jurisdiction and control over such object, and over any personnel thereof, while in outer space or on a celestial body.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 1. Canada, the European Partner States, Japan, Russia, and the United States may exercise criminal jurisdiction over personnel in or on any flight element who are their respective nationals.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 2. In a case involving misconduct on orbit that: (a) affects the life or safety of a national of another Partner State or (b) occurs in or on or causes damage to the flight element of another Partner State, the Partner State whose national is the alleged perpetrator shall, at the request of any affected Partner State, consult with such State concerning their respective prosecutorial interests. An affected Partner State may, following such consultation, exercise criminal jurisdiction over the alleged perpetrator provided that, within 90 days of the date of such consultation or within such other period as may be mutually agreed, the Partner State whose national is the alleged perpetrator either:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 (1) concurs in such exercise of criminal jurisdiction, or}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 (2) fails to provide assurances that it will submit the case to its competent authorities for the purpose of prosecution.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 http://rmoa.unm.edu/docviewer.php?docId=wyu-ah06858.xml#idp1150240}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Manufacturers Aircraft Association Inc. (MAA) was created in 1917 by the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics to administer a cross-license agreement, issue licenses to aircraft companies, aid the aircraft industry, and encourage aeronautical development. The subscribers were airplane manufacturers who were stockholders and paid fees for every plane that they manufactured. The association protected its members' patent rights. From the day of its incorporation the motives of the manufacturers and the government were publically attacked by the press and Congress. The association was investigated numerous times by congressional committees throughout its history. In 1965 the government filed an anti-trust suit against the association. After a lengthy legal battle, the M.A.A. was dissolved in 1977.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Association came into being when the United States government realized the utility of aircraft in military operations in 1916. Therefore inventions, patents, and design rights applicable to aircraft became a national interest. Because aeronautical development in the United Stated was seriously retarded by litigation over the validity and value of important airplane patents, the government thought that natural expansion and normal growth of the industry seemed impossible. In 1917 the Hon. Franklin D. Roosevelt, then Acting Secretary of the Navy, and Hon. W.M. Ingraham, then Acting Secretary of War, requested the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics to study this problem (the N.A.C.A. was created by congress in 1915 to advise the president and the executive departments on aeronautical questions).}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The N.A.C.A.'s plan was to create an organization independent of the government. The Manufacturers Aircraft Association was formed to administer a cross-license agreement, issue licenses, aid the aircraft industry, and encourage aeronautical development. The M.A.A. was incorporated in the State of New York in 1917. The subscribers of the association were airplane manufacturers. They were stockholders and paid fees to the association for every airplane that they manufactured. In return the association protected their patent rights. It had a patent research division, extensive files on patent history, and published informational bulletins and reports for the subscribers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab GAMA - General Aviation Manufacturers Association - basically lobbying firm for non military/commercial aviation companies.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab LAMA - Light Aircraft Manu Assc.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A trial was held in 2008, concluding in May, to calculate damages. Judge Allegra found that the total royalties due to Boeing should be $16.9 million.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 According to the judge's ruling, Boeing began experimenting with ways to reduce the weight of its airplanes in the 1970s and '80s, a move spurred by high jet fuel prices. The company's experiments focused on aluminum-lithium alloys, which had previously been shunned by the industry because they were thought to fracture easily.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Boeing eventually developed a composition that could be heat-treated with a process called low-temperature underaging to create an alloy suitable for airplane manufacturing, the opinion said. The company patented the underaging process in 1989 and licensed the patent to three aluminum manufacturers.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Around the same time, NASA began working on ways to reduce the weight of the space shuttle's external tank, in part because of weight restrictions related to construction of the International Space Station, according to the opinion.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The space agency contracted with Lockheed Martin Space Systems Co. to design a new external tank, the ruling said. In 1994, a team of NASA and Lockheed employees began using low-temperature underaging to strengthen the alloy used in the tank. The new super-lightweight tank first flew in a shuttle mission in 1998 and is still used today.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In 1998, Boeing came to believe that Lockheed was using its patented technique to develop the new tank and offered to license the patent to Lockheed, according to the opinion. Lockheed did not acknowledge the offer and told Boeing to take up any allegations of infringement with NASA.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 According to the ruling, Boeing then sued the space agency in 2000.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 NASA unsuccessfully argued that the alloy used in the shuttle had a different chemical composition and used a different type of heat treatment than alloys made according to Boeing's patent, the ruling said.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The patent-in-suit is U.S. Patent Number 4,840,682, issued in 1989 and titled "Low temperature underaging process for lithium bearing alloys."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 America\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s largest tech corporations are using a business technique called \u8220\'93efficient infringement,\u8221\'94 meaning they calculate benefits of stealing patented technology against possibility of getting caught, tried in court, and paying damages and penalties. If benefits exceed costs, they target and steal. Two aspects making patent theft extremely attractive are: 1) infringement is not a criminal act, and 2) those found guilty face no jail time. Being fined is the worst fate of the perpetrator, small change for defense contractors.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The most aggressive users of this patent theft business model are fifteen of America\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s largest tech corporations, at least one on the missing MH370. Leading them all is Cisco, the biggest competitor of ZTE and Huawei, two Chinese defense contractors represented on board the Malaysian Airlines missing Boeing 777. Following Cisco are Intel, IBM \endash  that had a CEO on board MH370, Microsoft and HP. For years, these multinationals have spent millions of dollars lobbying Congress to buy legislation that would weaken existing U.S. patent infringement laws}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Market power can be exercised in other economic dimensions, such as quality, service, and the development of new or improved goods and processes. It is assumed in this definition that all}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 competitive dimensions are held constant except the ones in which market power is being exercised;}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 that a seller is able to charge higher prices for a higher-quality product does not alone indicate market}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 power. The definition in the text is stated in terms of a seller with market power. A buyer could also}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 exercise market power (e.g., by maintaining the price below the competitive level, thereby depressing}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 output). The Agencies note that the law is unclear on this issue.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Market power is the ability profitably to maintain prices above, or output below, competitive levels for a significant period of time. The Agencies will not presume that a patent, copyright, or trade secret necessarily confers market power upon its owner. Although the intellectual property right confers the power to exclude with respect to the specific product, process, or work in question, there will often be sufficient actual or potential close substitutes for such product, process, or work to prevent the exercise of market power. If a patent or other form of intellectual property does confer market power, that market power does not by itself offend the antitrust laws. As with any other tangible or intangible asset that enables its owner to obtain significant supracompetitive profits, market power (or even a}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 monopoly) that is solely \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93a consequence of a superior product, business acumen, or historic}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 accident\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 does not violate the antitrust laws. Nor does such market power impose on the}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 intellectual property owner an obligation to license the use of that property to others. As in}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 other antitrust contexts, however, market power could be illegally acquired or maintained,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 or, even if lawfully acquired and maintained, would be relevant to the ability of an}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 intellectual property owner to harm competition through unreasonable conduct in connection}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 with such property.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 a powerful international lobby }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 sub rosa trust and conglomerate  effectively a trust controlling manufacture/patents/ and engineering talent for first 50 years }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Statute on Use of computers, which is ubiquitous, can be interpreted differently depending on which state you are in.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Boutique IP firm\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Priority Policement\u8221\'94 Written description requirement}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 sole function of written description is enablement to make and use (e.g. invents radio, unwittingly enables invention of television, but patent only discusses receiver)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 3rd argument, written description is a form of enablement. Enablement of someone skilled in the art to comprehend the specification claimed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 expert opinions must meet certain standards}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93software liscensing\u8221\'94 3rd largest industry}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What is the meaning of process? }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -e.g. unique way to desalinate water that is more efficient}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -Machine of transformation test}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 requirements of patents}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -non obviousness (see KSR case)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 trade secret law vs. patent law}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -patents grant you suing power, but have short life}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 trade secret law lasts for as long as you have a competitive advantage, but you can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really sue.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 http://www.securityprivacyandthelaw.com/}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 http://www.massachusettsnoncompetelaw.com/}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Natural selection in the process of international law}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  repurposing canon law, which repurposes aristotelean logic, etc. etc. Highlights that we are creatures that thrive on manipulating what is already there, on the canvas. We are not first-touch masters. Similar to how feathers evolved initially as camo or attract mates, were repurposed into flight. A core feature of natural selection, intelligent or otherwise, is the creative re-branding of what already exists.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Military sattelites protected by difficulty of getting to geostationary orbit}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 International Trade and Armaments Regulations (ITAR)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab particularly for launch vehicles - prevent opponents to have long distance rocket based weapons}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 IINTERNATIONAL TRADE GROUPS - trying to repeal ITAR - these groups have international power to change legislation across nations}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 22k objects tracked by US STRATCOM}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Space is an indefensible domain - so they try to make it predictable with legislation}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 DIME -diplomacy, intelligence, military operations, economics}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 we think that passive normative security is some sort of paper blanket upon which national security interests can sleep soundly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What is at the root of a good trial lawyer?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I take all these big ideas and try to visit them on the jury\u8221\'94 - hemingway, faulkner, etc.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -raise the juries consciousness about what they should be thinking about.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 the ability to read people}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 the ability to know how you are being recieved}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The only thing to be is a trial lawyer}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 you won the case or you lost the case - the better lawyer wins - cases that go to trial, they are cases that can go either way, and when you talk about cases that can go either way, the better lawyer is going to win. It doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t matter if the case is worth 25k or 30 mil, there is nothing like when the verdict is read in a trial case. - the nearest you can come to the competitiveness of football is trial law. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A trial lawyer has got to have the great case}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fred Levin}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Politics gets judicialized when international law is enforcable.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 governments used to on their own determined how to interpret international law.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 International courts alter politics by giving symbolic legal and  political resources to compliance constituencies that prefer legal procedures that comply with international law.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -COMPLIANCE CONSTIUIENCY}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 What happens when space becomes a defensible domain?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aquinas - god pushes us towards beatitude through law - and he give us natural law.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Gentle Civilizer of Nations: The Rise and Fall of International Law 1870-1960}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How can human beings rule over other human beings? God has dominion over human beings. Human beings have been made in the image of god. God hands that dominion over to human beings, dominion In Se, dominion over our own liberty. Using that dominion we create institutions. In particular two types of institutions. Dominion propietatis. Dominion euprincipitatiotes. Property is the other form of dominion. Property relations are not between humans and things, but between humans. Human relations of jurisdiction and dominion. They are not natural law. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Reversal and Recognition - Aristotle Poetics - they show the limits of human agency and self-knowledge - if you dont know your own self, or most important actions, then everything is called into question.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Muslims now call for Sharia, muslims in the time following Mohammeds death attempted to divine sharia from the texts of the Koran. The laws were founded in divine authority. I.e. introduction of tax systems that were backlisted to mohammed to give them religious legitimacy. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Traditional islamic law has very little to say about criminal law. Its about inheritcane law, its about property law. Its enforce by appeal to the Qadi, enforcement by local judges. The law was created by academics, not judges. the law is not made by god. the work jurisprudence is a human endeavor, they are trying to uncover what god has said, what does obedience look like. This is why the Hadith, why Shafi becomes important. People were using the word Sunna, and were wondering what this meant.   - -Similar to constitutional originalists - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93judges deciding constitutional issues should confine themselves to enforcing norms that are stated or clearly implicit in the written constitution- the court should find a right to exist in the Constitution only if it is expressly stated in the text or was clearly intended by its framers. \u8220\'93discovered within the four corners of the document.\u8221\'94 Meaning of a constitutional provision was set when it was adopted, and that it can be changed solely by amendment. For example - liberty and abortion.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A Constitution is unique because it is difficult to change. Great britain, for example, has no written constitution. Whereas legislative enactments can be modified by another statue, the Constitution can be amended only by a much more elaborate and difficult procedure. Why should a society generally committed to majority rule choose to be governed by a document that is very difficult to change? Laurence Tribe puts it: \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why would a nation that rests legality on the consent of the governed choose to constitute its political life in terms of commitments to an original agreememnt - made by the people, binding on their children, and deliberately structured so as to be difficult to change?\u8221\'94 Hardly original to say \u8220\'93to prevent tyranny of the majority\u8221\'94. If the structure of government was placed in a statue, there might be an overwhelming tendency to create dictatorial powers in times of crisis. If protections of individual liberteis were placed in statues only, a tyrannical government could overrule them. If terms of office were specified in a statue rather than in the constitution, those in power could alter the rules to remain in power. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Islamic law is the result of academic investigation instead of judicial ruling. What is most important is what god\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s prophet on earth acutally said, and what traditions were legitimate, rather than deciding on the basis of equity. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 John of gaunt contracting Wycliff to write a piece defending the invasion of an abbey at westminster. Wycliff theory of dominion.  accused a large number of the clerical hierarchy of not being in a state of grace.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Malthusian - its not political climate keeping people down - its that population outstrips natural resources.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 S_WAR}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Battle of Stalingrad - Animals flee this hell. the hardest stones can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t bear it for long. Only men endure.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The United States is a nation based on Democratic values and yet, when push comes to shove, does not act in accordance with those principles. The beacon on the hill that John Winthrop articulated and Reagan fondly recalled has been called into question. Senior leadership deliberately obfuscates policy ensuring wiggle room and plausible deniability.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Source > case officer > commander > Judge}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The role of the intelligence community as \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93linchpin\u8221\'94 cannot be sufficiently emphasized; it recruits the source, analyzes information it recieves; and then provides it to the commander; in doing so it vouches for the credibility and reliabilityof the source.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 IN determining whether the source is reliable and credible, it is necessary to examine previous information he has provided. It is relevant to determine how and when the source received info.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab A targeting decision is heavily dependent on the issue of time relevance as it is directly related to the imminence of the threat posed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Intelligence\u8221\'94 has been defined as the collection and analysis of information relevant to the development and implementation of government policy designed to enhance further national security interests by developing effective responses to threats. Critical to this definition is understanding how intelligence iformation is translated into operation measures.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Without intelligence information, governments are unable to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93connect the dots\u8221\'94 in the best case, and in the worst case, governments are unable even to identify the dots.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Intelligence information is information that has been gathered and collected from human int (HUMANET) from signal int (SIGINET)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 direct participant and legitimate target and immanence are broadly defined.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93IN the context of operational counterterrorism, the definition of immanence is flexible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Brusque, perhaps rude. Such is life when someone is about to die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Philip gibbs - battle of Aras - in the tunnels during shitshow. Vemy ridge. Gibbs bathroom blownup}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Norman Collins - scottish 4th highlanders - shown how to kill their own men due to pain and suffering.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 S_REALPOLITIK}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sell the idea that hitler had no real personal opinion on the jews. It was all manipulation of the german people.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Each man had to struggle between the instincts of self-preservation and the admonitions of duty. I, too, was not spared by this struggle. Always when Death was on the hunt, a vague something inside tried to revolt. It strove to present itself to the weak body as reason, yet it was only cowardice, which in such disguises tries to ensnare the individual. A grave tugging and warning set in, and often it was only the last remnant of conscience which decided the issue. Yet the more this voice admonished one to caution, the louder and more insistent its lures, the sharper resistance grew until at last, after a long inner struggle, consciousness of duty emerged victorious. By the end of the events in the Beta Sector this struggle had for me been decided. At last my will was undisputed master. If in the first days I went over the top with rejoicing and laughter, I was now calm and determined. And this was enduring. Now Fate could bring on the ultimate tests without my nerve shattering or my reason failing.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For these people change their convictions just as the soldier changes his shirt in war \endash  when the old one is bug-eaten. In the new programme everyone gets everything he wants. The farmer is assured that the interests of agriculture will be safeguarded. The industrialist is assured of protection for his products. The consumer is assured that his interests will be protected in the market prices. Teachers are given higher salaries and civil servants will have better pensions. Widows and orphans will receive generous assistance from the State. Trade will be promoted. The tariff will be lowered and even the taxes, though they cannot be entirely abolished, will be almost abolished. It sometimes happens that one section of the public is forgotten or that one of the demands mooted among the public has not reached the ears of the party. This is also hurriedly patched on to the whole, should there be any space available for it: until finally it is felt that there are good grounds for hoping that the whole normal host of philistines, including their wives, will have their anxieties laid to rest and will beam with satisfaction once again. And so, internally armed with faith in the goodness of God and the impenetrable stupidity of the electorate, the struggle for what is called 'the reconstruction' can now begin.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When four years have passed, or in the meantime if there should be some critical weeks during which the parliamentary corporations have to face the danger of being dissolved, these honourable gentlemen become suddenly seized by an irresistible desire to act. Just as the grub-worm cannot help growing into a cock-chafer, these parliamentarian worms leave the great House of Puppets and flutter on new wings out among the beloved public. They address the electors once again, give an account of the enormous labours they have accomplished and emphasize the malicious obstinacy of their opponents. They do not always meet with grateful applause; for occasionally the unintelligent masses throw rude and unfriendly remarks in their faces. When this spirit of public ingratitude reaches a certain pitch there is only one way of saving the situation. The prestige of the party must be burnished up again. The programme has to be amended. The committee is called into existence once again. And the swindle begins anew. Once we understand the impenetrable stupidity of our public we cannot be surprised that such tactics turn out successful. Led by the Press and blinded once again by the alluring appearance of the new programme, the bourgeois as well as the proletarian herds of voters faithfully return to the common stall and re-elect their old deceivers. The 'people's man' and labour candidate now change back again into the parliamentarian grub and become fat and rotund as they batten on the leaves that grow on the tree of public life \endash  to be retransformed into the glittering butterfly after another four years have passed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scarcely anything else can be so depressing as to watch this process in sober reality and to be the eyewitness of this repeatedly recurring fraud.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rewrite as Beksinski}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As I have said, only a very credulous soul could think of binding himself to observe the rules of the game when he has to face a player for whom those rules are nothing but a mere bluff or a means of serving his own interests, which means he will discard them when they prove no longer useful for his purpose.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An essential characteristic of what are called the great questions of the time is that thousands undertake the task of solving them and that many feel themselves called to this task: yea, even that Destiny itself has proposed many for the choice, so that through the free play of forces the stronger and bolder shall finally be victorious and to him shall be entrusted the task of solving the problem.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thus it may happen that for centuries many are discontented with the form in which their religious life expresses itself and yearn for a renovation of it; and so it may happen that through this impulse of the soul some dozens of men may arise who believe that, by virtue of their understanding and their knowledge, they are called to solve the religious difficulties of the time and accordingly present themselves as the prophets of a new teaching or at least as declared adversaries of the standing beliefs.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Here also it is certain that the natural law will take its course, inasmuch as the strongest will be destined to fulfil the great mission. But usually the others are slow to acknowledge that only one man is called. On the contrary, they all believe that they have an equal right to engage in the solution of the difficulties in question and that they are equally called to that task. Their contemporary world is generally quite unable to decide which of all these possesses the highest gifts and accordingly merits the support of all.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So in the course of centuries, or indeed often within the same epoch, different men establish different movements to struggle towards the same end. At least the end is declared by the founders of the movements to be the same, or may be looked upon as such by the masses of the people. The populace nourishes vague desires and has only general opinions, without having any precise notion of their own ideals and desires or of the question whether and how it is impossible for these ideals and desires to be fulfilled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The tragedy lies in the fact that many men struggle to reach the same objective by different roads, each one genuinely believing in his own mission and holding himself in duty bound to follow his own road without any regard for the others.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 These movements, parties, religious groups, etc., originate entirely independently of one another out of the general urge of the time, and all with a view to working towards the same goal. It may seem a tragic thing, at least at first sight, that this should be so, because people are too often inclined to think that forces which are dispersed in different directions would attain their ends far more quickly and more surely if they were united in one common effort. But that is not so. For Nature herself decides according to the rules of her inexorable logic. She leaves these diverse groups to compete with one another and dispute the palm of victory and thus she chooses the clearest, shortest and surest way along which she leads the movement to its final goal.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 How could one decide from outside which is the best way, if the forces at hand were not allowed free play, if the final decision were to rest with the doctrinaire judgment of men who are so infatuated with their own superior knowledge that their minds are not open to accept the indisputable proof presented by manifest success, which in the last analysis always gives the final confirmation of the justice of a course of action.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hence, though diverse groups march along different routes towards the same objective, as soon as they come to know that analogous efforts are being made around them, they will have to study all the more carefully whether they have chosen the best way and whether a shorter way may not be found and how their efforts can best be employed to reach the objective more quickly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Through this rivalry each individual protagonist develops his faculties to a still higher pitch of perfection and the human race has frequently owed its progress to the lessons learned from the misfortunes of former attempts which have come to grief. Therefore we may conclude that we come to know the better ways of reaching final results through a state of things which at first sight appeared tragic; namely, the initial dispersion of individual efforts, wherein each group was unconsciously responsible for such dispersion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In studying the lessons of history with a view to finding a way for the solution of the German problem, the prevailing opinion at one time was that there were two possible paths along which that problem might be solved and that these two paths should have united from the very beginning. The chief representatives and champions of these two paths were Austria and Prussia respectively, Habsburg and Hohenzollern. All the rest, according to this prevalent opinion, ought to have entrusted their united forces to the one or the other party. But at that time the path of the most prominent representative, the Habsburg, would have been taken, though the Austrian policy would never have led to the foundation of a united German Reich.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thus the foundation of the German Reich was not the consequence of any common will working along common lines, but it was much more the outcome of a deliberate struggle for hegemony, though the protagonists were often hardly conscious of this. And from this struggle Prussia finally came out victorious. Anybody who is not so blinded by partisan politics as to deny this truth will have to agree that the so-called wisdom of men would never have come to the same wise decision as the wisdom of Life itself, that is to say, the free play of forces, finally brought to realization. For in the German lands of two hundred years before who would seriously have believed that Hohenzollern Prussia, and not Habsburg, would become the germ cell, the founder and the tutor of the new Reich? And, on the other hand, who would deny today that Destiny thus acted wiser than human wisdom. Who could now imagine a German Reich based on the foundations of an effete and degenerate dynasty?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No. The general evolution of things, even though it took a century of struggle, placed the best in the position that it had merited.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And that will always be so. Therefore it is not to be regretted if different men set out to attain the same objective. In this way the strongest and swiftest becomes recognized and turns out to be the victor.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 S_ECONOMICS}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Axiom - we build systems that we can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t understand, so we can\u8217\'92t predict all possible causes of failure. That is inherent in the business of building complicated systems. Does that mean we shouldn\u8217\'92t ever build anything of things will always be really risky. the answer is no, There is something you can do. Even though we can\u8217\'92t say all the ways in which it might fail, we can say all the things that must occur to succeed. What that means is that you can actually design a system to detect deviations of all the things that need to succeed. So to succeed, you need to stay within the bounds of certain state variables. You can separate yourself from the worry of all the ways it might fail, to focus on all the things that need to go right for it to succeed. Then you can always detect against that finite set of things that must succeed. - To respond to failure, it takes time. Since response takes time, if the response takes a long period of time, even though you can detect it, you still may not be able to do anything about it - so you have to be able to detect it early enough. So launch abort systems, you need to be able to detect whether or not the ship is exploding, or if the you are losing control so that you will not be able to abort in the future. Of course these are time dependent, because the signal may be sent too late.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab redundancy management - if I have a failure in one of these systems, I have another that can take over. That will only work if that take over and continue happen faster than the failures. - this is a fundamental axiom of control theory. If you are going to detect and respond to a failure, that detection and response had better be faster than the thing you are responding to.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab If you do an investigation, and no one is at fault, you can still fail.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 triplex computing - 1:44}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab prognostication - failure prediction}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 failure masking - three identical computers performing the exact same calculations, so the goal is to make sure you have correct computation from the set of three computers, so you could have a voting scheme. The voter says, if any one of the computers gives me a value that is differnt than the other two - so after the voting, you can be assured that you are getting the correct value, even if one of the computers is outputting an incorrect value. Even though the failure is internal, you never see it at the interface level.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 temporal redundancy - git/p4}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 information redundancy - error detection and correction codes - put in extra bits into signal, when you recieve signal, firmware uses the extra bits to detect if there is a bit flip in a certain set of data, so there is enough information there to reconstruct the correct signal.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 knowledge redundancy - how does one detect that oneself is getting dementia? You can not be an adequate judge of your own behavior. If your mind is going bad, you can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t use your mind to determine that. To determine if something is wrong, you can\u8217\'92t use the object itself to determine that. Using knowledge separate from the system itself to help make decisions.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Any engineered system has a goal. You can always talk about its purpose. For any engineered system, what ultimately matters is whether it achieves its purpose, or whether it does not. So the first step is to ask, what does it mean to suceed, then put boundaries around those behaviors, and anything that falls inside is acceptable, outside is not.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 redundancy plays a central role in fault management.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We have an education bubble. Bubbles are characterized by things costing more than they are worth. They are characterized by intense psycho-social dynamics. Its very hard for people to suggest that you shouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t go to the best college you can get into, becaause people don\u8217\'92t know what else to do. Bubbles are characterized by abstracts from reality. Education is an abstract filler. What is it specifically you are learning? You are investing by consuming. Education is an insurance policy - its not worth as much as people are paying for it, but they are scared of falling through the cracks in our society, so they pay more and more for it. In reality, its the opposite of an insurance policy. Its a kind of zero sum tournament where what really matters is getting into the best schools. And then a diploma from a third tier university is really a dunce hat in disguise. Its a zero sum tournament masquerading as a higher education. The homogenization of higher education prevents individuals from asking of themselves, \u8220\'93What are you really good at, that other people aren\u8217\'92t so good at.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Complex internal politics [in large companies] makes it incredibly possible for smaller companies to not get squashed by larger companies.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 All unhappy companies are alike in that they have failed to escape the essential sameness that is competition.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Capitalism and competition are antonyms.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Very capitalist companies that have no real competition do very well and innovate, but industries that are flooded with competition are valueless.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 People who have monopolies pretend not to have them. People who don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have them tend to have them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There are two kinds of companies - those who are in competition and no one makes any money, and those who are monopolies and do very well.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Why are they fighting so intensely because the stakes are small?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If the stakes are small, it becomes difficult to differentaite yourself, and it becomes difficult, and you fight even harder.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Incredible concentrations of wealth, aquired by dubious means. How does it all end?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab chronic recession}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab world war}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab governments confiscate wealth. Wealth has moved globally so theyd have to move in that direction.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 S_STORY}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 it is an age of private agencies - multi-national/trans-national corporations that operate outside of what the average man considers justice - they move not for the labor but for the laws - leads to permitation and oversight of all space travel - so that these small nations don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Earth has begun to turn towards the resources that space has to offer. There are many initiatives, both public and private, to exploit these resources. The majority of which, offers itself in the lucrative asteroid mining business. Among these are gold, cobalt, iron, manganese, molybdenum, nickel, osmium, palladium, platinum, rhenium, rhodium, ruthenium, and tungsten. Near earth asteriods have been picked over. A class of easily recoverable objects (EROs) was identified by a group of researchers in 2013. Twelve asteroids made up the initially identified group, all of which could be potentially mined with present-day rocket technology. Of 9000 asteroids searched in the NEO database, these twelve could all be brought into an Earth-accessible orbit by changing their velocity by less than 500 meters per second (1,800 km/h; 1,100 mph). The dozen asteroids range in size from 2 to 20 meters (10 to 70 ft)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In 1997 it was speculated that a relatively small metallic asteroid with a diameter of 1.6 km (0.99 mi) contains more than $20 trillion USD worth of industrial and precious metals.[6][47] A comparatively small M-type asteroid with a mean diameter of 1 kilometer (0.62 mi) could contain more than two billion metric tons of iron\endash nickel ore,[48] or two to three times the annual production of 2004.[49] The asteroid 16 Psyche is believed to contain 1.7\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u215\'D71019 kg of nickel\endash iron, which could supply the world production requirement for several million years. A small portion of the extracted material would also be precious metals.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Although Planetary Resources says that platinum from a 30-meter long asteroid is worth 25\endash 50 billion USD,[50] an economist remarked that any outside source of precious metals could lower prices sufficiently to possibly doom the venture by rapidly increasing the available supply of such metals.[51]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Development of an asteroid-orbit manipulation infrastructure could offer an irresistible return on investment.[52] However, astrophysicists Carl Sagan and Steven J. Ostro raised the concern that altering the trajectories of asteroids in nearby interplanetary space could cause a catastrophic collision with Earth. These scientists conclude that stringent controls on the misuse of orbit-engineering technology be instituted.[52][53][54]}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Early in the life of the solar system, dust and rock circling the sun were pulled together by gravity into planets. But Jupiter, the largest planet, kept a number of the pieces from coalescing into another planet. Instead, its gravity disrupted the formation process, leaving an array of unattached asteroids.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Main Belt once contained enough material to form a planet nearly four times as large as Earth. Jupiter's gravity not only stopped the creation of such a planet, it also swept most of the material clear, leaving far too little behind for a planet of any size to form. Indeed, if the entire mass of the Main Belt could somehow create a single body, it would weigh in at less than half of the mass of the moon.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At 590 miles (950 km) in diameter, or about a quarter of the size of our moon, Ceres is round yet is considered too small to be a full-fledged planet. However, it makes up approximately a third of the mass of the asteroid belt.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 16 Psyche - metallic core body}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aphelion}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 3.328 AU (497.884 Gm)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Perihelion}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 2.513 AU (375.958 Gm)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Spectral Type M}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Privatized U.S. corporations have launched and funded space programs geared towards the wrangling of mineral rich asteroids into near earth orbit. Among these are AAMC - American Asteroid Mining Corporation, and GLI - Gold Leaf Industries. These coroporations dominate the space sector, and do so for multiple reasons.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 AAMC was created in wake of patent litigation against John Knowles and co., an engineering group that patented an engine that allowed for travel up to ___, allowing trips to the asteroid belt and back in 30 days, in an extremely cost efficient manner. The American government\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s anti-trust challenge was settled out-of-court. In return for the government's agreement not to pursue its case against Knowles Co. as a monopolist, Knowles agreed to divest the controlling interest it had acquired in smaller space industry companies, and to allow non-competing independent tech companies to utilize. Knowles co. became a government sanctioned monopoly and was rebranded AAMC. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Litigation may also make smart-phones dearer. Mr White of Bristol York estimates that device makers already have to pay royalties for 200-300 patents for a typical smart-phone. Patent costs are 15-20% of its selling price, or about half of what the hardware components cost. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If 50 people [each] want 2% of a device's value, we have a problem,\u8221\'94 says Josh Lerner, a professor at Harvard Business School.  ---- You can attack them by going after earth assets. --- Competitiveness via export/import bank. - See Aerospace Industries Association}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 AIA is lobbying congress to get bill that allows private resource gathering of M-type asteroids. This has national security interests because it would functionally corner the market on such metals a\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92la DeBeers monopoly on diamonds. Introduce artificial scarcity/market fixing, etc. Necessary to do it before Eastern nations do. Private American corporations want splitting market off the table because it would have a destabilizing effect on the economy - in order for it to work it would require a magnitude of trust across nation states never seen.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The Experiment\u8221\'94 is one such covert operation. A brain trust including engineers from AIA have banded together and produced an interesting result. This is what Beksinski destroys in the prologue. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab First they have to invalidate Beksinski\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s patent on the engine. Beksinski owns \u8220\'93Trade Secret\u8221\'94 on engine, companies in AIA owns patents on manufacturing processes, but have failed thus far to re-engineer beksinski\u8217\'92s device. Beksinski\u8217\'92s trip has generated a kind of space race and focus on law reform. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stability means rigidity. Communism would introduce a whole new measure of existential crisis to the modern man. Our current mode of capitalism has abandoned the level of creative destruction that allowed humans to be human. Our corporations have existed for centuries, and there is no identity except through them. They own the capital, the patents, the foundation of our society.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Capitalism - trickle down conflict.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beksinski. He managed to produce a computational intelligence which far surpasses anything humans could hope for. He at first tries to use the machine to his advantage, to fufill his dream of the dissolution of the nation state model.  focuses on his efforts and its effect on a few individuals on earth. However, as the story progresses, Beksinski becomes more and more convinced he has created \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91god\u8217\'92;  he believes that this is the highest form of intelligence attainable, and that it is responsible for creating universes, and that, somehow, this intelligence has become a prophet through which the intelligence of our universe can commune.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Intro Conflict: Beksinski attempts to instigate global conflict by exploiting the weaknesses in the nation state model. The focus is on intellectual property, monopolies, international law, space law, and the patent system.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Climax: }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Cliffhanger: Moto discoveries strange weapons on Anatolia.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Book 2 focuses on the discovery of alien weaponry pointed towards earth on Anatolia, which is to be revealed at the end of book one. This discovery completely upsets Beksinski\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s plan and the development of NWO on earth. Patent voided, treaties enacted that effectively cement nation state sovereignty as nations join together to create Fleet to deal with this external threat. Beksinski becomes ostracized as his dealings with the aliens and the destruction of the Expirement comes to light. Tensions with aliens flare in conflict over resources. Intelligence community plays critical role in analyzing capabilities of aliens and in creation of plans for debilitating first strike on alien industry.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Book 3 focuses on war and its rejection of structure. In the past, war was chaos because people died. When individual agents in the structure die, the system changes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 John and Patrick Knowles - inheritors of the American Asteroid Mining Company (AAMC). Their father was John Knowles Sr., who owned and operated Knowles Engineering Group Inc. In 2243 this firm patented an engine that allowed for travel up to ___, allowing trips to the asteroid belt and back in 30 days, in an extremely cost efficient manner.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tam Shau Shing (\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Frank Tam\u8221\'94) - Multi-billionaire Canto Financier. He is attempting to break into Mining industry, and comes into conflict with AAMC. Early attempts to }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jakub Beksinski - He was given technology by alien observers that would allow for efficient and speedy travel over long distances. They did so, because they estimated that humans were about to discover the technology within the century, and they wanted to make sure that the right person got it first. They did this because they were concerned that our society was still governed by the nation-state model. The few other societies that had developed such technology had a common law that applied to its own people, and as such they were not engaged in the creative destruction of the capitalist model. They viewed this model as only necessary if nations were at-odds with eachother. At what point can we slow down and gain stability for all citizens? The nation state body sanctifies and justifies inequality amongst civilians of the same planet. (e.g. rich american, vs. poor african). They worry about the effect this will have on space-faring communities. Bringing the beast to their egalitarian societies.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Why would they need to worry about this?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They, along with 2 other species have been appropriated resources in space sans-conflict, due to the structure of their societies.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Theo Forrest - architect whose work is divorced from his pay - suffers modern man afflictions}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 3  -  Sophie Jin - Student who is trying to climb intelligence ladder. Generally cares about the wellbeing of everyman and people. Abhors corruption and is obsessed with Justice and truth.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 4  -  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Great differences exist between Louisianan civil law and common law found in all other American states. While many differences have been bridged due to the strong influence of common law, the "civilian" tradition is still deeply rooted in Louisiana private law and in some parts of criminal law.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One often-cited distinction is that while common law courts are bound by stare decisis and tend to rule based on precedents, judges in Louisiana rule based on their own interpretation of the law.[15] This distinction is not absolute, though. Civil law has its own respect for established precedent, the doctrine of jurisprudence constante. But the Louisiana Supreme Court notes the principal difference between the two legal doctrines: a single court decision can provide sufficient foundation for stare decisis, however, "a series of adjudicated cases, all in accord, form the basis for jurisprudence constante." [16] Moreover, Louisiana Courts of Appeals have explicitly noted that jurisprudence constante is merely a secondary source of law, which cannot be authoritative and does not rise to the level of stare decisis. [17]}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Property, contractual, business entities structure, much of civil procedure, and family law are still strongly influenced by traditional Roman legal thinking. Louisiana law retains terms and concepts unique in American law: usufruct, forced heirship, redhibition, and lesion beyond moiety are a few examples.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Due to the civil law tradition, Louisiana's constitution does not contain a right to a trial by jury in civil cases, although this right is contained in the Louisiana Revised Statutes. Additionally, appellate courts have a much broader discretion to review findings of fact by juries in civil cases.[18] Also, damages are apportioned differently from in common law jurisdictions; specific performance is almost always available, and juries may hear cases that would be considered equitable in other jurisdictions.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In commercial law, the 49 other states have completely adopted the Uniform Commercial Code standardizing the rules of commercial transactions. Louisiana enacted most provisions of the UCC, except for Article 2, which is inconsistent with civil law traditions governing the sale of goods. However, several articles regarding the incorporation of terms into a contract have been adopted into the Civil Code. Louisiana also refers to the major subdivisions of the UCC as \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93chapters\u8221\'94 instead of articles, since the term \u8220\'93articles\u8221\'94 is used in that state to refer to provisions of the Louisiana Civil Code.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Legal careers are also molded by the differences. Legal education, the bar exam, and standards of legal practice in Louisiana are significantly different from other states. For example, the Louisiana Bar Exam is the longest of any state, at 21.5 hours. The Multistate Bar Examination is not administered in Louisiana.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwin_Edwards}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 S_SCIENCE}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The kinds of changes that the Aurignacian people were experiencing in France were typical of the unstable world of northern Eurasia during this time. An excellent and dramatic example of these changes is provided by the pollen record from the Lago Grande di Monticchio in southern Italy. The pollen record spans the past 100 thousand years and so includes the period between 50 and 30 thousand years ago. The site records constant and rapid shifts in the landscape around the lake, from steppe through wooded steppe to forest and back. It is precisely these kinds of changes that were happening across many areas and to which the people of Eurasia had constantly to adapt and re-adapt. The most striking insight provided by Monticchio is the speed of change as the major vegetation changes were taking 142 years on average. This means that one generation of humans might have been living in a forested landscape, their children in wooded steppe, and their grandchildren in open steppe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0        \tab The kind of brusque ecological ghanges that we saw in Monticchio were not unique. They typified the contact zone at this time of huge climatic and environmental turnover. The Siberian Arctic was, paradoxically, stable though cold but humans only managed incursions here after 36 thousand years ago. But the animals of the far north did come south and west as their habitat expanded and they came into contact with humans on the fringe areas of southern Siberia and west all the way to France. This edge between woodland and treeless habitats waxed and waned many times along a narrow belt between plains and mountains. This was the tension zone, in places like the Altai, the Carpathians, and they Pyrenees, wehre humans were being stretched to the limits of their ingenuity and it is right across here that we see cultures and technologies that we define as transitional or early Upper Palaolithic. This was the novelty sector were over and over again, for fifteen millennia, survival battles were won and lost.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The decade that started in 1998 saw a heated debate between scholars in pursuit of an idea. As it turns out it was a sterile debate without hope of being resolved satisfactorily, for the simple reason that both sides failed to recognize the limitations of the evidence at their disposal.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 By the time the classic Neanderthals had emerged, during the last interglacial around 125 thousand years ago, they were already a people doomed to extinction. Like the hippos, rhinos, and elephants of the Eurasian forest, the Neanderthals were a population of lifing dead, existing on borrowed time. Like these other mammals, the Neanderthals had a short-lived moment of reprieve as the climate warmed up. The next time the climate would be this generous, 100 thousand years lateer, Neaderthals, straight-tusked elephants, and narrow-nosed rhinos would no longer be. Only their fossils would remain, buried and waiting to be discovered by another human who would ponder the nature of his own existence and presumptuously imagine his involvement in the debacle of his distant cousin, the Neanderthal.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It's probably best not to think of space as a physical object, although to an extent that's more of a philosophical question, I guess. I find that it's usually not helpful to think of space as something physical - something that can be sliced, bent, twisted, and broken like soft cheese - because it often leads people to jump to incorrect conclusions about the nature of the universe. Space is not "sucked into a black hole", for instance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When we talk about space expanding or warping, you can think of it as us changing the rules of geometry, rather than us actually bending a physical thing. When space expands, it's the same as saying that the distance between objects is increasing. When gravity "bends space", we're saying that that there's a sort of "space-time distance", and that this "distance" between points changes when there's gravity. Or, we're saying that a "straight line in space-time" is something that is affected by gravity.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thinking of space as a physical object may be a useful analogy, but it may really be best to think of "bending of space-time" etc as geometry just following different rules that you're used to: that angles, distances, and straight-lines do not follow the classical rules.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Heating gas hydrogen and deuterium gas. If you think of the diff states of matter, you heat from solid/liquid/gas, if you heat further, you reach another state of matter - plasma. that is reached as soon as the atoms are split into their electrons and their ions. You separate atoms into pos and neg. particles. The cores lose the shell that is compoosed of electrons. It makes the whole atom neutral. ONce they leave the ion, the whole ion conglomerate. Its like an electron soup where they all float around.  So what are the physicla properties. Its not a gas. Its more accurate as a two fluid model. The charges of the two atoms are now visible. If you have electromagnetic forces, you see the plasma react to tehse fields. A neutral gas doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t react to this, a plasma does. You can split negative electrons and positive cores by putting a neg. electromagnetic field around it. THere is a mag. field. particles will actually separate. From that separation, there arises an electric field. There are also acts on itself. There is self effect of the plasma, and that leads to all sorts of new physcis. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The challenge for fusion reacion power plant, you have to manage the plasma. it is extremely hot, so you can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t let the plasma touch the bucket its in. The temp is above 10 mill degeress, which is hotter than any material, so we need to control it in a way that it doesn\u8217\'92t touch any surroundings. So we generate mag fields to use Lorentz force to manage the particles, and the plasma as a whole. So first there is magnetic confinement. There is a mag field, and the particles are confined in the field lines. So they make a torus mag field. particles are confined in that regard. At this point, there is separation of particles, the ions will drift to the upper, the electrons to the lower, so the }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 pyroclastic flow}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its not your own knowledge that is the key to expertise, its the ability to build on other people\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s knowledge.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The best theoretical explanation for understanding why neutrinos travel faster than light is the following theory: When Neutrinos are produced at CERN in Switzerland, they travel at the speed of light, but, as soon as they pass the border from Switzerland to Italy, they do not respect laws any more, and they travel much faster than light.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 S_HISTORY}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 /u/TheGreenReaper7}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Your second question (serfs answer to lords who answer to kings) is rather easily disproved off-hand by examining Occitania where land could be held in allod (ie. 'of' no one). While the Occitan aristocracy might owe 'feudal' obligations for certain territories and titles they also held lands entirely in their own right not owing services to any king for them. On the issue of serfs and peasants, if the model was as neatly cut as you wish to believe then how could a king demand the homage and fidelity of his entire populace as John of England did in 1209? Surely he would only need the homage of his aristocracy and could rely on the rest through the feudal pyramid. There were also royal dominions (demesne - although like 'fealty' that term is anachronistic; dominion and oaths of fidelity are less loaded and useful) in which peasants answered directly to the king. In no small part 'feudalism' is being discarded because it enables these kind of oversimplifications.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The medieval world was rather diverse. It doesn't fit into neat categories and systems. The chief problem with feudalism is that it is anachronistic on the one hand, and impossible to usefully define on the other. It has little merit either as a representation of what was going on in medieval society up to c.1200x1300 or for systematising that society as historians.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Edit (addition):}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was a working draft of a conference paper I wrote (now discarded because it's far too long) but it explains the role of homage and its multiple functions:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I begin with a description and explication of one of the most famous medieval rituals: homage. Homage was an act in and of itself, but the ritual was often combined with two other distinct and not wholly necessary acts. As you can see from the image here the doer, kneeling, places his clasped hands between those of the receiver, while doing this he would utter his intention to become the man (hominium) of the receiver. Then, standing, the homager would recite an oath of fidelity, while touching a holy relic or the Gospels to sanctify his oath. Finally, the doer and the receiver would kiss. These rituals are layered in nuanced meaning carefully weighed for the public that would witness them \endash  a vital mechanism for enforcement in a non-documentary legal culture \endash  but even when legal apparatus began to take a written form the ritual remained popular and public.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Homage was done in this manner but there were a host of performative variables which are almost invariably lost to us in the dry charter source which survive. Did the doer bow their head in submission or meet the gaze of the receiver? Did the two share a cup or dish at the feast to further demonstrate their friendship, if a feast held at all? Yet its meaning was not solely constricted to one interpretation or used for one purpose. Homage can be somewhat anachronistically systematised into four key archetypes: 1) feudo-vassalic; 2) peacemaking; 3) recognition of status or rights; and 4) lateral agreements. So what do these archetypes mean? Well, they encapsulate the entire scope of high medieval politics in the Middle Ages.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 S_MISC}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 D.F.W. - Enjoying life is all about what you choose to think about, the perspective you take on the situation - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I bet the guy who said that shot himself in the head with a .22\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I came to define the human breaking point while watching a chess game - black won as soon as he took white out of using abstract tools to reasoning and forced him into using emotional tools to reason. White had simply run out of familiar reference points - yet black still had some.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93easier to say \u8216\'91Everything is bullshit\u8217\'92, than to look into the complexity of systems as they exist and configure yourself within it. Kids today believe nothing, hope nothing, want nothing, expect nothing, dream nothing, desire nothing. Banalization is a way to reduce complexity - systematic way to be an idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93God just reading about it. An old guy whose wife gets killed in the most inhumane way. Imagine living your whole life, loving all of it, only to have it end terribly. Then think that maybe that is you. Maybe your future is like his, some impossible to predict tragedy casting a shadow on everything. Only the present matters, but what if the future\u8217\'92s present is just terrible?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I will follow grandmother\u8217\'92s advice and just not say anything at all\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To begin you must study the end game\u8221\'94 - Capablanca}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A bad plan is better than no plan\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Madness is rare in individuals, but in nations it is the rule\u8221\'94 - Nietzsche clarify }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bits are unregulated. Atoms are heavily regulated.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thinking you can do someething is a necessary prerequisite to actually doing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cynics\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 the word means literally \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93doglike\u8221\'94 in Greek\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 resolved to live their lives exclusively according to nature.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Peter Thiel - }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If you have technological progress, that encourages a capitalist system. On the other hand, if you dont, you end up with much more of a zero sum game, with much less progress, and someone\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s gain is someone else\u8217\'92s loss. In this scenario you get a bull market in politics, where people try to use government to get things for their particular interest group, and the whole thing can spiral downwards. It can become a vicious cycle where more government regulation leads to less technology, leads to greater demand for politics to redistribute the pie that is no longer growing. Fastest airplanes have gotten slower, medicine/healthcare has seen limited progress over last 20 years, energy has very limited progress. A lot of these sectors correlate with heavy government intervention.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If technology is stalled out, you will see a trend towards more government, even though it is less likely to fix things. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Our gov is not engineers - substance and building things}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 lawyers- process and rights, and getting the ideology correctly blended.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A world in which there is little progress represents a radical departure from the past. The U.S. constitutional system can\u8217\'92t work without growth. The way things fundamentally work in congress is that you have people sitting around a table, and they pass bills in which they give a little bit for you, a little for me, a little for everybody. If you are a difficult person there is nothing for you. That sort of a political mechanism works quite well so long as the pie is growing. If the pie is not growing, there is no incentive to cooperate, and to craft new legislation. . We\u8217\'92ve had 200 years of growth in the western world. The only year in which there was strain was when economic stressed constitutional strain. A Republic doesn\u8217\'92t work without growth. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What do you see when you look up, besides nebulas, stars, and galaxies?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 An aide named Rebel. see: http://house.louisiana.gov/H_Reps/members.asp?ID=41}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Books scattered around like clothing. Infinite Jest an ironic t-shirt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Imprisonment is the most french word in the english language\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Physics nobel laureate Pierre Je Dejinn. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We say that we want to put the sun into a box. The idea is pretty. The problem is, we don\u8217\'92t know how to build the box.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "I do not serve without choice or reward. My terms are: a man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s right to exist for his own sake. The creator produces, the parasite loots."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Thomas Jefferson - shay\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s rebellion}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93A little rebellion is a good thing. The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Truisms I hate:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Voting is your license to complain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The mark of well-adjusted individual is that they fit the expectations to how the world actually is, instead of trying to adjust the world to fit their expectations. I am not, and will never be, a well-adjusted person.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 10 attackers (11% more) - 9 defenders}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 5 attackers (25% more) - 4 defenders}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 4 attackers (33% more) - 3 defenders}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 3 attackers (50% more) - 2 defenders}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 2 attackers (100% more) - 1 defender\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u65279\'3F}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 real life is the most epic story being created, but no one pays attention because everyone generally understands that the main actors, the heros and villians, are the lucky ones, born into their roles. The rest of us just have bit parts.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93maybe we can say\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 etruscan myth - baby born as an old man told the people how to interpret the signs of the divine. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lay investiture.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The concordant of Worms}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Henry V taking away bishop\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 Regalia - Henry seizes cardinals priests, etc. extorts pope Provlegium.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Every instrument has an error, a calibration error, measuremetn error. If you have an instrument that has an error - that error is the same as if you are flying over china or russia or us. There may be a bias, but it is the same everywhere.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 http://omegataupodcast.net/2015/01/164-satellite-based-earth-observation/}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you really understand what it means to press the advantage? If you are ahead in material, every equal trade will further solidify your position. What is 20/21? 10/11? \u189\'BD%}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He likedSoon he would be leaving the Earth behind, and if things went poorly, he could be stranded in empty space. Then he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d have only the bare universe to consider, or the known facts at least - dark matter, dark energy, expansion, and entropy; all conceptually linked in some way, but with no discernible message or story, just thematic ambiguity - like bad poetry, he thought. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Witticisms: }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93All complex problems can be understood as juxtapositions of trivial problems.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hate when writers who do the first person. Real people just don\u8217\'92t think like that. Only writers do. Actually I bet they don\u8217\'92t. I bet they just go through life just reacting to things like the rest of us, then when they sit down they imagine what it would be like to be a truly rational human being, who actually thinks things through. They\u8217\'92re  all fakers. Everything is a constructed brand these days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Stupid men are extremely complex, whereas stupid women are relatively simple. On the other end of the spectrum, intelligent men are remarkably simple, whereas intelligent women are incredibly complex. Of course this implies that intelligent women are supreme beings. But I also think that intelligent women have unfortunately been conflating complexity with depth in men. I think this is the reason why I died a virgin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Its always the other person\u8217\'92s fault with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, its simple with me. That means I\u8217\'92m intelligent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because it doesn\u8217\'92t make sense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Are you a woman? Because unless you have a vagina hidden behind those tiny balls, your opinion is invalid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Every philosopher since aristotle has corrupted the practice\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What does that even mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing, it just sounds smart.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t people like realism?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93For the same reason we all want to leave the earth. We\u8217\'92re consumers Eddie. We overindulge, then eventually decide to stop and move on to the next thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There is an overabundance of stupid, smart people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93People who obsess over things - like einstein - they\u8217\'92re actually mentally ill. Its not natural. Its the drive to compete gone haywire. Like Gays.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know, like how guys push into the feminine to attract the ladies, and in gays its this attribute pushed too far. This is also why there aren\u8217\'92t as many famous women as there are men.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Same reason why there are more gay men than there are gay women. Its like the male half of the species has been jacked up by genetic drugs. There really is no normality with them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If he says something cant be done, it probably can be. If he says, definitely can't be done, then it is most likely going to be difficult, but within reason. If he ever says no way in hell, it probably can be done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I dont get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on. Read the subtext. Its a clever way of saying, you think there is no way in hell something is going to happen, then that self-assured senseness shows that you dont really know what you are talking about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because its fundementally impossible for someone who knows a lot to be sure about anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thats just some self-reinforcing bullshit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Get off my lawn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 protein is never wasted when a death occurs.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want him to fail simply because he isn\u8217\'92t solving problems the way that you would, and if he succeeds, it would cast doubt upon your own model, your own way of solving problems. If he fails you think it validates your own model.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 while being confronted by a blogosphere SJW who is threatening to go public to social media with somethign. - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t submit to higher power. You\u8217\'92ve already implied defeat if you do that, becuase you admit you have zero practical control over a situation. You need to understand that society, like god, doesn\u8217\'92t exist. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I feel closest to someone when we can look eachother in the eye and tell each other what their biggest character flaw is, i mean the root of it, dirty, right at eachother, and we can stand and take it with the understanding that theisis an honest portrayal of how they perceive the worst of me. Honest. No bullshit. Just a pure reaction with no malice and no agenda. Once you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve done that you can feel you can trust a person completely. I dont know why that works, like sociologically or whatever, but that is what happens. A reciprocal, no holds barred, character assault, done calmly - without agenda or desire to tear someone downq.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s like fire. If you can use him correctly, you can heat all the apt.  buildings. If not, he\u8217\'92ll burn it all down.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m an american by birth, southern by the grace of god.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sooner or later, someone is going to get cancer from it. Might as well be us.\u8221\'94 - explosives accumulating in Minden.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is something in the swamp that seeps into the politics of louisiana and Florida. Edwin Edwards. Huey long. Rick Scott. Charlie Crist.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In louisiana, it is still illegal to tie an alligator to a fire hydrant.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whats it gonna take.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93for you to be smarter than me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93probably my death.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Stomp the grass to startle the snake}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 kill with a borrowed sword.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There is nothing more permanent than a temporary plan}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 good enough is the enemy of the great.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The knife has to be sharpened by striking and rubbing it against something strong before it can become useful}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Max Planck put it best: "Science advances one funeral at a time.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 To be a leader of men you must believe that men are worth leading. Either that, or they must serve your purpose. There will always be more of the latter than the former.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Put warheads on foreheads}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 European union competition commissioner}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}