{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         The poet Mandrameen believed that the empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s religions were all distortions of the Truth, but even so, they were our only way to access it. As such, he taught that any honest seeker of the Truth must be a practitioner of all religions. For this he built an analogy out of the famous Library of Jeket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If an artist were locked inside and wanted to paint a perfectly accurate picture of the marble Pillar of Saulistides which stands out in the garden, the artist must look through the building\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s windows to see it - windows whose glass was fogged and warped with age. In the one window pane, the pillar would appear stretched. In another it would seem waved. In yet another it was so curved that the friezes of Saulistedes\u8217\'92 armies which wrapped around the marble seemed to climb up into the sky. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since each window pane distorted the Pillar in its own peculiar way, it would be a mistake for the artist to paint their picture using only the information gleaned from a single view. The artist should instead move from window to window, from distortion to distortion, averaging out the truth of the Pillar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shape from the lies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was how Mandrameen practiced religion - by moving from one religion to another, averaging out the true shape of Reality from ancient myths so distorted with age. He would consider them together, and start with their similarities instead of their differences. From this exercise he found what he believed was the core of every religion: a story to explain the existence and nature of suffering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Cult of the Dreamer, for example, believed that all suffering is caused by nightmares that emerge from the minds of those who still sleep in the Waking Dream. Only those who recognize the Dream for what it is - a fabrication or an illusion - can achieve Lucidity and escape these nightmares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Soleans believed that we were created by their gods to be slaves. Suffering comes into play because Sol and his mistress Luna intentionally created us with certain particular deficiencies which keep us angry at each other instead of angry at gods themselves. Chief among these faults were an abundance of lust (Libis), innate love for those who are kin and hatred for those who are not (Paroch), and an insatiable desire to improve our own personal status (Egos). Even kings are never happy with what they have and who they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re fucking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Kalemites believed that we were once a link in the Great Chain of Being, once part of an indistinguishable whole. However, the profane lure of individuality caught a hold of one of the Number, and so this misguided soul severed its link to the Chain, spawning all life on earth, dooming us and the animals to loneliness, to an existence where our minds can never touch one another\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, to a state of being where it is possible to be lost, forgotten, and unloved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In all this, Mandrameen believed, was something of the true shape of Reality: whether it be by accident or intention, we were designed to suffer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cynic Seculla was not impressed. She thought that Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wide study of religions was biased towards those that survived. Her calculus was simple: any religion which might preach that Paradise is here and that Peace is now would be trampled underfoot by the hordes of the suffering and damned, for they demand answers and atonement for their troubles, and a religion which preaches contentment with the present cannot give it.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She quoted the difficulty that priests of the Dreamer had in converting the isolated tribe of Het. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They cannot see through the eyes of the Dreamer for they are not plagued by His nightmares,\u8221\'94 one priest wrote. \u8220\'93Here, food is plenty. War is absent. They spend their days swimming, fishing, and building houses high in the trees. They are happy\u8230\'85 they simply do not understand.\u8221\'94 Two of the priests sent to convert this tribe abandoned their frocks and took up wives in that Hetian village. This was proof, to Seculla at least, that suffering was not an intrinsic part of the human condition. It comes from somewhere else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whether or not she is correct is a matter for theologians and philosophers. For common folk, like Pyetle, it does not matter from whence suffering comes, only that it comes too often. When his business began to fail, and when his wife took a lover, he could not console himself with thoughts of happy Hetian villagers. The only thing that could tear his mind from the look on his wife\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face as she pleaded for him to stay, was the rainstorm that caught him drunk in the streets of Jeket. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sol had conjured this whipping rain just to torment him, he thought. What other purpose could there be for a storm so fierce and so far out of season? Surely, it was a joke of the Gods. As Pyetle staggered and slipped along the cobbled street of the Sauline Hill, the high center of the city, he cursed Sol and all His Creation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This, and this, and this, and this,\u8221\'94 he muttered, counting his sufferings. The drink kept his blood warm and his legs moving, though he was not headed anywhere in particular. When he reached the quarried cliff of the hill, he sat down. From there he could see the city of Jeket in all its splendor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eight wide boulevards  spread out from the Hill in the eight directions, and they stretched far across the river plain. From these branched roads, and from these branched alleys, all ordered and angled according to the symmetry found in the Solar Fern, the plant which grows all along the banks of the Jade River. Flat and square mud brick tenements sprouted out from these stems, and scurrying amongst them were tiny specks of people. They seemed like blackflies, jumping from leaf to stem to leaf, tending to the needs of the plant which gave them shelter and life, suckling at the fruits of their labors:  The clay Pyramid of Larat. The roofless columns of the Temple of the Dreamer. The sky-eyed domes of the Solean pantheon. Each was more magnificent than the last. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The most grand of them all, the massive granite walls which ringed the city, were distant enough from Pyetle that they seemed small. From there, a patchwork of farms and canals stretched to the banks of the Jade River, then continued on from the other side to the horizon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 High above these distant fields, massive anvil-head thunderstorms lumbered like giants, walking on misty columns of rain. Their hearts rumbled with thunder, and their bodies blocked out the sun. All was grey save for the yellow sliver of a horizon, but that was enough to fleck the river, the canals, and flooded fields with gold. Even the rippling puddles at Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet sparkled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was beautiful. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beautiful - just not meant for him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jeket. The world. This beauty - no place in it for Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck it,\u8221\'94 he said to himself as the rain beat his back and the cold began to creep in. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not worth it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took the knife that he had just bought out of his pocket, unsheathed it, and cupped it's blade in the palm of his hand. It was an exquisite piece, as a thousand specks of tin had been hammered into the cherry hilt, forming a twisting, wind-like pattern. The blade itself was so finely polished that he could see his reflection in it. He could see how his eyes were red and witless, how his nose was runny, and how his cheeks were sunk and sallow. He looked older than he expected, with wrinkles and furrows and sun-spot blemishes. Older than he felt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sight of his aged self transformed his feelings of despair and shame into anger, as it made visceral the notion that he had wasted his years of youth and vigor, that he had already played his hand and had lost, beaten by Nature, the Gods, and greedier, cleverer men. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stabbed at the puddle with his knife, then he stood up, turned his back on this privileged vista, set his shoulder against the wind and rain, and made his way to Salavan Saran\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house to kill the man who had ruined his life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After that, he had only to decide how he wanted to die, for he had decided against killing himself. A better way would be to wander down one of the thief infested alleys near the Heberdee Gate. One final stab in the back would be a more fitting end.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ---}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, my friend! Come in, come in,\u8221\'94 said Salavan Saran with a smile. He was a huge man, tall and rotund, clad in a yellow robe replete with roses embroidered in pink. He beckoned Pyetle past his guards and onto his covered stoop and out of the rain. \u8220\'93I was beginning to wonder if you were coming,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Marta and the girls are out, so it\u8217\'92s just us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope Marta was able cook a little something before she left,\u8221\'94 said Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes, I told her you were on the way,\u8221\'94 Sal said with a chuckle. \u8220\'93She finished a few potstickers before she left, just for you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your wife is Divine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed she is. And how is Claire?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle paused and removed his sandals, then stuck his feet out into the rain to wash them of mud. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I took her to the Fordwell the other day,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah yes, I recall; you said you two were having some issues. Did your little sojourn through nature have the desired effect?\u8221\'94 Sal asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see,\u8221\'94 said Sal as he gave little Pyetle a practiced but insincere look of concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The little man was a pitiful sight, so drenched and drunk as he was, with his skinny neck seeming barely able to support his weary head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re soaking,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, \u8220\'93Let me get you a towel and some clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, that\u8217\'92s fine, I won\u8217\'92t won\u8217\'92t be long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I insist,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, then clapped his hands and a servant boy rushed out with some dry towels and a simple white tunic. Pyetle followed the boy into a washroom, dried and changed, then came out into the main hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if an honored position on the Sauline Hill were not enough, Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s home was nearly as large and as tall as any other in Jeket, and its opulence was second to none. It had cost Sal three siver-strings of imported lumber just to burn enough lime to make enough plaster to coat the massive walls. The rare paints for the fresco that wrapped around the open-roofed atrium took another fortune more - though it was worth it, for it was a magnificent work of art, in skill and in subject. It depicted Sol at the very moment of his apotheosis. The sun-god wore a beatific smile, clearly pleased with the sight of his blade jutting out from his father\u8217\'92s chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To business then!\u8221\'94 Salavan exclaimed as he appeared from behind Pytele, clapping him on the back and guiding him up to the second floor, where dinner awaited. As they took the stairs, Salavan tried to prepare Pyetle with some flattering remarks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, you know I\u8217\'92ve been impressed with how you\u8217\'92ve handled things, considering the circumstances. Lesser men would have folded a year ago, but you\u8217\'92ve persisted. I value that in a partner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It couldn\u8217\'92t have been more perfect,\u8221\'94 Pyetle lamented.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As soon as we stepped foot in the Fordwell, she must\u8217\'92ve said, \u8216\'91So beautiful\u8217\'92 at least twenty times.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I see. Business can wait, I suppose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol could have descended in a cloud right then and there to give me his blessing. I mean it was a beautiful day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, so is today,\u8221\'94 said Sal as they came up to the second floor with its high windows that offered a stunning view of the city. Protected from the rain as they were, it was all so calm and soothing. Sol himself hung just above the western horizon, peeking through the clouds, a resplendent golden orb, almost winking at them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The furnishings of Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s second story were muted and tasteful so as to pick up Sol\u8217\'92s light instead of overwhelm it. Here the floor was covered in massive rugs that were subtly patterned and white and trimmed with glittering gold ropes, so that they served as giant picture frames for the colors that Sol threw upon them. There were pillows upon pillows for comfort, with gold tassels and ivory lace threading them together. In one corner the floor had been carved out to accommodate a hefty hotstone, heated by the kitchen below, and it was already portioned with meats. At the sides of the stone were reclining chairs made of rope strung into angled ebony frames. Pyetle sighed as he reclined into his, then munched on a potsticker that he had pulled from the hotstone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Claire has been the hardest bit for me,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said in between bites. \u8220\'93The losses, the caravans, the thieves, I can handle those. But her\u8230\'85 I invested myself into her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two aren\u8217\'92t separating are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She was cheating on me, Salavan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Pyetle eyed Salavan warily, trying to catch some degree of recognition or hint of worry. But Salavan was a master of his emotions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, you\u8217\'92re in a tragic spot and I\u8217\'92m sorry for that,\u8221\'94 Sal said as he lit up a wrap of freeweed before settling into his chair. \u8220\'93But, I\u8217\'92ve got to be honest - I can\u8217\'92t relate to what you are going through. I\u8217\'92ve heard stories of loves-lost and loves-lorn and I\u8217\'92ve tasted it a little, but, well you know that Marta and I were kids when we were married.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 Sal said before taking a long drag from his wrap, \u8220\'93I can give you financial and business advice, but what you need right now, I can\u8217\'92t give it to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Pyetle bit into another potsticker, and he savored the sweet peach sauce in which the shredded chicken had been baked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is so good. If only I could steal Marta from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are certainly welcome to try,\u8221\'94 Sal said, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose I would fail.\u8221\'94 Pyetle moaned. \u8220\'93It seems the only time I've really been shown intimacy is when I pay for it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s this face. This damned body. Like my father\u8217\'92s - I don\u8217\'92t understand how he ever got a woman to stick with him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your father was richer than I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8220\'93 Pyetle asserted, eager not to be distracted from his endgame. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sal took another drag from his wrap before continuing on to his point. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just settle for a woman that will have you for your money. You\u8217\'92ve not got much of it left, but any little bit of money has a way of motivating a person to look deeper into a Being. First she\u8217\'92ll have you for your money, and I trust, in time, she\u8217\'92ll have you for you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been married to Claire for 13 years, Sal. You\u8217\'92re saying I should move on already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Sal leaned back in his ornamented chair and folded his hands across his stomach and sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve spent your whole life getting what you want in the way that you want it, Pyetle, except this one thing. You\u8217\'92re spoiled - no, that\u8217\'92s not fair - You\u8217\'92re stubborn. Women of consequence, women like Claire, they pick up on that as soon as you open your mouth. No one wants to be stuck with a stubborn ass for a lifetime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sal had expected Pyetle to leap into defence of his character, as he usually did whenever Sal got in a personal jab. The flippancy was disturbing. Sal looked down his nose at Pyetle, and in the flickering firelight he caught the glimmer of tears streaking down his face. He looked away in disgust, and caught sight of the horizon. There, Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light was dimming, the rain was letting up, and through it he could make out the evening song of Swassel birds drifting in on a cool breeze. The mood would have been delightful if it weren\u8217\'92t for Pyetle\u8217\'92s downer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have some freeweed,\u8221\'94 Sal demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, I may not know your kind of sorrow, but I\u8217\'92ve had my share of sorrow in general, and a wrap of freeweed blunts its edge. It\u8217\'92s the only thing I can offer you. Take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Pyetle wiped his eyes with the palm of his hand and tried to compose himself before taking a wrap from the tray near him. He then stood up to light it in the fire that burned above the hotstone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think this is it for me,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he rolled the tip of the wrap in the flame. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m done. I\u8217\'92m finally done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Sal asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to make me say it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say what? You\u8217\'92re giving up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Pyetle simply smiled, turned his chair to face Salavan, and sat back down to nurse his freeweed and glare at Salavan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92ve considered all alternatives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alternatives...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you ever get to hear old Pella Germin speak?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t go in for that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I heard her preach once. She said that we are expected to kill ourselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did she?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She said something like, \u8216\'91Corruption is a stain that does not wash off. To be free of it, to achieve peace, you must first kill yourself.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were there when she preached this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was. For a while I marked it as the ravings of a common Dreamer, especially considering what came of her. But, in time, I saw some wisdom in it. Perhaps I put the wisdom there, but it felt like I found it. So tell me, have you tried killing yourself? Figuratively, I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what that means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess it means, try living for a little bit as if Pyetle Pernderser were dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a bit heretical, even for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no. Follow me here. From this moment on, Pyetle is dead, and residing inside }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 this fleshy vessel is\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 whatever you want to put in there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it were possible... I would like to rip out my heart. But I don\u8217\'92t think it works that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Sal leaned forward. The freeweed was working its energy into him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your broken heart is there because you put it there. Pyetle put it there. If you kill Pyetle, he can no longer stop you from throwing away his treasure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I put it there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! You have to accept that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was thinking it was Claire who put it there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only because you let her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was also thinking you put it there, Sal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me?\u8221\'94 Salavan asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Weren\u8217\'92t you the one who was fucking her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face contorted into a quizzical look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what she told you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I gathered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, you\u8217\'92re so goddamned stupid. You\u8217\'92ve been running from responsibility your whole life and now that it\u8217\'92s catching up to you... You\u8230\'85 Ah, you came to kill me, didn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Pyetle reached into his tunic for his knife, but it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there. He had left it in wet clothes downstairs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You did, didn\u8217\'92t you! I was wondering about this - \u8221\'94 Salavan held up Pyetle\u8217\'92s knife. \u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re one of those loony Dreamers who never travel armed, and so I wondered. But I thought you were just trying to kill yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Pyetle gulped his fears in. The prospect of losing even this final encounter terrified him even more than whatever painful plans Salavan had in store.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0          Salavan stood up out of his chair, and moved towards Pyetle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m impressed, Pyetle. Perhaps now your eyes are being opened to the potential that lies in your still beating heart. Perhaps now you realize the Will of your own Being. No doubt at some point in your miserable life you\u8217\'92ve tasted it. Perhaps it was the thought of something you could do, something you wanted to do, but wouldn\u8217\'92t dare, because what kind of a man would do such a thing?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan grabbed Pyetle, then threw him down to the ground. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you dream of, Pyetle?\u8221\'94 Salavan shouted as he used his great bulk to wrestle Pyetle\u8217\'92s flailing limbs into submission. It wasn\u8217\'92t difficult considering Pyetle\u8217\'92s drunken stupor. \u8220\'93Was it a great and terrible crime? A radical act of charity?\u8221\'94 Salavan put the knife up hard against Pyetle\u8217\'92s throat, and his large weight squeezed the air from his lungs. \u8220\'93You chew on your Will in your dreams and here at death\u8217\'92s door you\u8217\'92ve tried to let it out, but it\u8217\'92s gotten stuck, and what\u8217\'92s this, it\u8217\'92s welling up in your throat.\u8221\'94 Salavan began to choke Pyetle with his heavy hand, and Pyetle gasped for air. \u8220\'93Yes, I can see it! Hah! I can see it there inside of you now!\u8221\'94 Salavan held the knife up to Pyetle\u8217\'92s mouth as the little man kicked. \u8220\'93Yes! What is about to happen here is a great crime - but it\u8217\'92s yours! When you pass on into the Hellespont, that should be your final thought, that you let it come to this, you let your Will stagnate, and here I am,\u8221\'94 Salavan declared, \u8220\'93about to take it from you. Because I can!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Before Salavan could plunge the knife into Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat, an arrow whizzed in pierced his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93EAAAUUUGHHH!\u8221\'94 Salavan screamed, dropping the knife. Pyetle pulled himself out from under Sal\u8217\'92s weight, and wriggled up against the wall. There at the window was a man, a giant man, massive even when compared to Salavan, yet lanky and coordinated. In his hand was a bow that was nearly as tall as he.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thief! Brigand!\u8221\'94 Salavan yelled, clutching at his pierced hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Scream all you like, Salavan,\u8221\'94 said the giant at the window. \u8220\'93None of your house is alive to hear you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan went silent, then scrambled to his feet and ran towards the stairs, but he stopped when he saw that it was blocked by another dark figure. Sal stumbled backwards, then turned and faced the intruder with defiance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take what you will and be gone!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The giant just laughed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I plan to. But first, do you know who I am?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Salavan eyed the man up and down to get his measure. A man of such stature could only be the famous Giant of the Junei. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re Ayram. We\u8217\'92ve done business.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve recently done business,\u8221\'94 the giant pointed out, \u8220\'93and you didn\u8217\'92t hold up your end of the bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The information you gave the go-between was bad. My people -\u8221\'94 he said, nodding to whoever was at the stairs, \u8220\'93have got it in their heads that you set us up.\u8221\'94 Salavan looked behind him, and a short, squat figure all wrapped in black came up the stairs, blade drawn, pointed at Salavan\u8217\'92s ass. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!?\u8221\'94 Salavan exclaimed. \u8220\'93I never would - why would I do that!? I\u8217\'92ve nothing to gain by doing that. There\u8217\'92s only the-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 the giant interrupted. \u8220\'93I was thinking the same, Sal. Getting me to pick off your competitors is certainly more valuable than anything the Empire could offer you. So there\u8217\'92s got to be something deeper going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you don\u8217\'92t. It could be that someone funneled bad information to you, knowing you would funnel it to me. In which case, where did you get the information from.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know that I\u8217\'92m the exchequer for the mining guild. I have access to all of the -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t a mining column, Sal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was a column of Imperial cavalry, Sal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Sal asked, before letting out a shrill \u8220\'93EAUGGHH\u8221\'94 as the short figure behind him prodded in between his buttcheeks with his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea what you\u8217\'92re -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you do! You knew there was a Mensan among them, didn\u8217\'92t you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but do you know anymore. Don\u8217\'92t lie to me. I\u8217\'92ll know if you\u8217\'92re lying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burning Gods, bless this stupid man with light.\u8221\'94 Grabs him by the shoulders. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, Pyetle, you\u8217\'92re right. No one - and I do mean no one - cares about you. If you kill yourself tomorrow, the rest of us here will be back in our routines within a month. For me, your memory will bring a pang of ill-humor now and then, but I\u8217\'92ll muddle through. So do it. Kill yourself. But do it in such a way that your corporeal body can be used for something greater. If you hollow out your Being you might even become an instrument for the Divine. Offer your body up as a tool for the Gods if you\u8217\'92ve no more use for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Closter Germin taught this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gods, man!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Sal released Pyelte. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Life has put you on a path, Pyetle. Unfair as it may be, it does not lead to the Plenitude. I just think you owe it to yourself, this one final}}