{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Italic;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Sand is webbed by a network of byways that are hardly there at all. They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re not well traveled, and most are so windswept that footprints get filled back up with sand as soon as they\u8217\'92ve been made. These roads are only distinguished from the desert landscape by a series of five-ton waystones that stick up three meters out of the ground. If those gleaming white beams of rock weren\u8217\'92t there every league or so, you\u8217\'92d never know that under your feet was an ancient Jandrian route. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pilgrims call them Charnel Roads because unlike the highways which keep to the river banks or hop between oases, these roads cut through the vast shadeless expanse of the Sand. Travelers get exposed to the sun, the wind, and the glare of the desert. The longer the road the deadlier it all is, though that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s just a rule of thumb because the worst Charnel Road, the Bazul Road, is one of the shortest. It sits just north of Uncharted Portion where an ancient mountain range once stood. An eon of blasting sand had reduced those mountains to a rolling line of graveled hills, flat enough for the Bazul Road to snake up and down them, and to lead pilgrims to the greater shrine of Bazul. It only takes a full day to make the road if you start at the nearest Imperial outpost at Shahiz, but its such a difficult hike, and Pilgrims sweat so much from just the effort that the heat on top of it is unbearable. And it\u8217\'92s a saturating heat, too, because the chalky gravel underfoot is white as bone so it throws the sunlight right back up into the face. You get baked from below as much as from above. Can\u8217\'92t even hide in your own shadow.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  There is some shade on route: a little wood-frame waystation at a saddlepoint. The monks of Bazul keep it stocked with a cache of water buried in jugs. Some pilgrims sleep there in the day and make the road at night, skipping the sun altogether, but Solitant pilgrims don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t use it. They don\u8217\'92t trivialize the journey. They set out for the shrine in the morning and trudge through the brunt of it at midday. They do it, they say, because if Bazul did not intend for them to suffer, he would have set his earthly dwelling down on some oated knoll at the mouth of a Jeketian inlet. No, Bazul\u8217\'92s road was there in the Sand because Bazul put it there, and to skip this test of faith against flesh is to have no faith at all. This is the first lesson the road teaches the Solitant: the greatest temptation one must fight is the temptation to not try at all.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Once a pilgrim actually gets on the road the temptations start to give way to the struggle. There are still a few urges to deal with, a few spiritual lessons learn. For example, there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s urge to stop and sit, to rest. Anywhere else in the world it would be a fine thing to do, but sitting down on a Charnel Road without shade is a mistake because the sun still bakes you even if you\u8217\'92re not moving. It will bake you tomorrow, too, so don\u8217\'92t saddle tomorrow\u8217\'92s self with today\u8217\'92s journey.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Solitants savor this particular ordeal because it highlights two important lessons: doom finds you much quicker than death, and doing nothing is the same as doing the wrong thing. Nowhere else in the world are these principles so clear. Out on a Charnel Road, a man, sitting down, with no aches or pains and a full waterskin, is still moving towards the point of no return. This is the the inescapable consequence of Time: inaction is action itself, and for the Solitant, it is a refusal of the Divine gift of Will. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is important to note that the Solitant word for doomed is \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Shiskason\u8217\'92, and it doesn\u8217\'92t mean \u8216\'91doomed\u8217\'92 exactly. Unlike \u8216\'91doomed\u8217\'92 it carries an air of blame, not fate. It reads roughly like, \u8216\'91thing-that-you-did-not-prevent\u8217\'92. This gets to the heart of the Solitant religion: all creatures are naturally immortal, but every creature dies because every uncouth mistake ages the soul, every missed opportunity for righteousness draws another line in the face. If only people made the right decisions at every step they would live forever, but we\u8217\'92re all too ignorant, too dumb, and too lazy, so the weight of our failures literally kill us. Here, a pilgrim becomes a Shiska for no other reason than he stopped and he sat and he did not walk the road.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  This cosmology is woven into the Solitant\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s yellow haircloth habit. The constant itch is a constant reminder to never waste time. It keeps one alert and attentive to even the smallest opportunity to exercise Will. Of course, this creates another temptation pilgrims must fight on the Charnel Roads: the temptation to cast the scratchy habit aside. Not only does it itch, but the heat gets underneath it. The urge to take it off, to get the heat out and let the sweaty skin breathe is ever present. It\u8217\'92s here that the body starts to bargain with the mind, \u8220\'93Just take it off for a little while,\u8221\'94 it pleads. \u8220\'93No one is watching. No one would know.\u8221\'94 Pilgrims don\u8217\'92t ever do it, though. It\u8217\'92s a familiar temptation. Not only would they be casting aside their symbol of devotion, they\u8217\'92d actually be making it easer for the sun to sap their bodies of moisture and energy. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Its not the temptations, its the physical struggle that does most pilgrims in. On the Bazul road a twisted ankle or a tweaked knee is all but inevitable. Man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s upright gait just isn\u8217\'92t designed for a sustained trudge uphill through loosely packed gravel. No pilgrim has ever made the journey without stumbling a time or two, and when they fall their hands and feet get cut because the gravel isn\u8217\'92t smooth like riverstone, it\u8217\'92s been chipped unevenly by the wind and the sand. It\u8217\'92s got points and edges, some as sharp as blades.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Solitant monks are used to fighting through physical pain, but nonetheless, it slows them down and gives the sun time to work delirium into them. At that point if they make a mistake with water, they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re dead, and it\u8217\'92s an easy mistake to make for any Solitants that come from across the northern sea. They don\u8217\'92t know what the sun can do to a body with just a few hours. When these foreigners come to the Bazul Road, all they hear is that its only a days journey. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 One}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  day\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s journey. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Only}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  twenty leagues. Sure, they hear stories about the deaths, but they shrug them off because such stories are never accurate. Carnage is always embellished. Three water-skins }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 should}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  be enough. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to get experience traveling in the Sand, because getting experience means you\u8217\'92ve got to survive your mistakes. The first time a person pricks her water-skin on the half-buried thorn of a karkel-bush seed pod is the last time. There\u8217\'92s just no room for error, and dying in the Sand isn\u8217\'92t a pleasant way to go. If the heat takes you quick its not so bad, but if it doesn\u8217\'92t, if you\u8217\'92ve rationed water well enough to die slowly, then your mouth dries out and your tongue swells up and your eyes lose their moisture and start to scratch. Then a thumping nausea works its way out from your head and into your stomach and then into your marrow\u8217\'92s jelly. It\u8217\'92s no coincidence that almost every corpse found on a Charnel Road is found curled up like fetus against the agony, though not many corpses are found because a pack of lizards can eat a full adult male in a just few hands, and when you\u8217\'92re dying of thirst, weak as a babe, you might still be alive when they do it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  People who live on the continent know to respect the Sun, and Pyetle was no different. He had spent his long life seeking shelter from the afternoon heat, but now, stuck as he was in the cold shadow of the Ayramun\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s pit cave, he would have preferred to stretch out on a Charnel Road. He\u8217\'92d been told there was one right outside. When he asked if he could climb up and out so that he could get warm, Hill had said no; no one was allowed to leave the cave until dusk for fear of being spotted by some Imperial tower. Pyetle wasn\u8217\'92t allowed a fire for the same reason. Hill told him to just bear it. \u8220\'93This the life of us Ayramun,\u8221\'94 he had said. \u8220\'93And it not so bad.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle disagreed. This cold was absurd. Unlike everyone else, he only had a cloak to keep warm, and unlike before, he wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t drunk, so when the icy breath of the Underworld chilled his fingers and toes he couldn\u8217\'92t ignore it. His sobriety was making him regret the whole situation, so he decided to scan the cave for signs of alcohol.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Unfortunately, no one was drinking. Those that weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t sleeping were huddled together in groups of three or four. They whispered about things Pyetle couldn\u8217\'92t hear, sometimes in languages he had never heard. Without anything to to do but think about how uncomfortable he was, Pyetle turned away, wrapped Hill\u8217\'92s cloak tighter around his bare skin, and tried to sleep.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t get warm, and so he couldn\u8217\'92t get sleep. He lay there for half a hand or so, shivering, counting his miseries, until footsteps brought him back to the pit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was Moteah. She was looking at Pyetle, and she seemed bothered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did Renny come by yet?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93He was supposed to give you some clothes.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93Haven\u8217\'92t heard of anyone named Renny.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, he is an idiot,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93Come on. Let\u8217\'92s get you sorted out.\u8221\'94 She motioned for Pyetle to follow, and so he did.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As they made their way across the pit they passed Mazyd. He was sleeping comfortably under a blanket. Moteah shook her head at the sight of him and muttered a curse.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Did you  give him that blanket?\u8221\'94 she asked. A burly man sitting next Mazyd nodded yes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I did, \u8220\'93 the man said. \u8220\'93I wanted the bastard to freeze but Sob was sick of the whimpering. Made me gave him a right set of wools, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Unbelievable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Right? You\u8217\'92d think Sob would want to make the bastard uncomfortable. More than anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah pointed at Pyetle. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Renny, do you know who this is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The new guy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93His name is Pyetle. Is there anything wrong with him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lots. But it\u8217\'92s not nice pointing it out, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s nearly naked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Right. That\u8217\'92s Sob\u8217\'92s fault. He\u8217\'92s the one who\u8217\'92s got all those things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sob?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s back there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Renny pointed over his shoulder with his thumb. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You were supposed to get the clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Take it up with Sob. He wouldn\u8217\'92t let me have them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Unbelievable,\u8221\'94 Moteah muttered as she stepped around him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They stopped right next to a gangly man who was stretched out against the wall. Moteah pointed at him with an upset finger. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This is Sob,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sob stirred when he heard his name, but he\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d heard the the irritation in Moteah\u8217\'92s voice too so he just grunted back and kept his eyes shut.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Like the others, his sun-leathered skin had gone red from so much protective kell-oil, and his greasy hair was sunbleached like a Jandrian child\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s. All the Ayramun were blended together by years of kell-oil and sun; pale Carcinians, dark Zozans, native Jandrians, at a glance the Ayramun could be mistaken for a blood tribe. If it weren\u8217\'92t for the physical deformities it would be hard to tell them apart. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle suspected that whatever was wrong with Sob\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s body was hidden under his cloak, but when Moteah jabbed Sob in the ribs with her foot, and Sob rolled over to sneer, Pyetle was struck with revulsion: Sob\u8217\'92s thin face was twisted around his head to the right, as if something had knocked it that way as a child and it just kept growing in that direction. It was so askew that his right eye and his nose were almost on the same plane as his ear. His left eye and mouth were more or less where they were supposed to be, so his whole face was stretched in two directions. He could look at two things at once. When Sob glared at Moteah, he was glaring at Pyetle, too. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was unmoved. She gave Sob another kick. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a damned idiot,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Come off it,\u8221\'94 Sob moaned.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You gave the Seilsi a blanket, but you leave the new guy in rags?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sob shrugged and made to go back to sleep so Moteah gave him another kick. This one was a little harder.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey!\u8221\'94 Sob shouted. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got shit for brains,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That Seilsi wouldn\u8217\'92t stop whimpering \u8216\'91til I propped him a cover,\u8221\'94 Sob protested.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And Pyetle? Should he have to whimper to get your attention?\u8221\'94 She then pointed to a bundle of clothes that had been rolled up with twine. \u8220\'93Are those the clothes?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sob patted the bundle with care. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d been resting his head on it. \u8220\'93I needed a pillow,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Besides, this old man, Pyetle is he? He\u8217\'92s no Ayramun. Not yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah tried to kick Sob again, but Sob recoiled before the blow could land. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Awright! Awright!\u8221\'94 he shouted. \u8220\'93Put that foot away before I bite it. I\u8217\'92ll get him out o\u8217\'92 those tatters.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sob then looked to Pyetle. One of the real unfortunate things about the way his face was split in two directions was that it gave him the impression having two attitudes at once. It was impossible for him to give Pyetle a welcoming smile because his smile couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be anything but duplicitous. Nonetheless, he made an effort, and Pyetle was mature enough to take it for what it was, even if his hairs still stood on end. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 Sob said, pointing to the wrapped bundle of clothes that was his pillow. \u8220\'93But you need be remembering to whose clothes those belong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re yours?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Sob scowled. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re Ayrams.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s?\u8221\'94 Pyetle repeated. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t fit into his clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Ayram\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s,}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Ayram\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s,\u8221\'94 Sob said. Pyetle\u8217\'92s looked confused and so he tried to clarify: \u8220\'93Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91ere. Clothes on me back. Even your tatters. My bow. Moteah\u8217\'92s shoes. The food in yorn belly. It\u8217\'92s all loaned out, if ye like. We\u8217\'92re the Ayramun. Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s. But go on. Pick summat out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stepped over and picked up the bundle. He pulled at the dry hemp string and unrolled the clothes on the ground. He picked out a few items that looked like they would fit. There was a light linen tunic that was crumpled with salt and sweat, some brown leather pants with a black stripe sewn vertically down the sides, and a pair of rawhide sandals that, when he put them on, seemed cut perfectly to size. It was all in good shape, but the shirt had a blood stain around the collar and the the sleeves were singed near the wrists. He didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t complain though. He was just thankful to have some comfort from the chill.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When he had finally put it all on, Sob looked him up and down with a keen interest and said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Those be Papi\u8217\'92s things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said they were Ayram\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Right. Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s. Papi was wearin\u8217\'92 them, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well who is Papi?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Papillian,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lad\u8217\'92s dead now,\u8221\'94 Sob said. He pointed to Pyetle\u8217\'92s shirt and his face contorted into a grin. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s three days old blood, that is. He was wearin yourn clothes when he died, he was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked down at the burn marks on his sleeves. He wondered if this was some kind of joke. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose you\u8217\'92ve got anything else I could wear?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing wrong with those.\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He don\u8217\'92t want a run of Papi\u8217\'92s luck, I reckon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He won\u8217\'92t have to worry about that. He\u8217\'92s got Hill\u8217\'92s cloak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Does he now?\u8221\'94 Sob asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Moteah said with a smirk. \u8220\'93Hill\u8217\'92s lucky cloak. In fact it\u8217\'92s already saved him once.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hill\u8217\'92s lucky cloak, has he? Well. How\u8217\'92d you get it off him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He gave it to me,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It cancels out then, don\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your luck. You have a good luck cloak there but bad luck everything else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It cancels out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Actually no. No luck at all is just bad luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah rolled her eyes. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sob knows all about luck. Don\u8217\'92t you Sob.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Roight I do. Here - what\u8217\'92s your name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle. Take one o\u8217\'92 me rocks. Token of apology for earlier.\u8221\'94 Sob took a round leather bag from his things and loosed the string to reveal an assortment of rocks and pebbles. \u8220\'93 These have been tested. I reckon just one will tip the balance for ye.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re lucky?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, eying the stones.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If I say they\u8217\'92ve been tested, they\u8217\'92ve been tested.\u8221\'94 Sob said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Tested how?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just pick up a rock an carry it around. If you get good luck, keep it. If you don\u8217\'92t, toss it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Motah groaned and shook her head.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Sob asked. \u8220\'93It works, don\u8217\'92t it? Still \u8216\'91ere aren\u8217\'92t I? Go on, Pyetle, take a stone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think I should pick one myself. From the ground I mean. Maybe those rocks only work for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sob\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face lit up at the idea. \u8220\'93Maybe that\u8217\'92s true. We\u8217\'92d have to test it though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll just\u8230\'85 Here, I\u8217\'92ll just take this one.\u8221\'94 Pyetle stepped over to the wall and pulled a little sandstone shard from the cave wall. It was red, long and fat, and his fist could close comfortably around it. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That could be a good one.\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93Maybe. I guess it\u8217\'92s good to choose your own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stuffed it in his pocket. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What if Ayram wanted those?\u8221\'94 he said, pointing to Sob\u8217\'92s lucky stones.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, they\u8217\'92re not your lucky rocks, right? They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s. You said everything was Ayram\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you all on my rocks fer?\u8221\'94 Sob said, getting upset.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sob -\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now hold on, Moteah. I want to know what he\u8217\'92s on my lucky stones fer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I was just asking. You said that -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you try anythin\u8217\'92 on me rocks or anythin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94 Sob said. He leaned down and put his face close to Pyelte\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93I kin see \u8216\'91round corners.\u8221\'94 He turned his head to the left to show that he really could. \u8220\'93Keep yorn hands to yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Ooookay, Sob.\u8221\'94 Hill interjected. \u8220\'93Go get the, uh, Seilsi some clothes. He not bake before we ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Roight.\u8221\'94 Sob said, straightening up as best as he could. Even his spine was little twisted. \u8220\'93That Seilsi gets Colm\u8217\'92s old rags. Won\u8217\'92t fit \u8216\'91em but who cares.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sob picked up the wicker basket and headed towards Mazyd, who was still kneeling in the dirt in the middle of the pit.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you mind if I sit with you?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen asked. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to ask you some questions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Of course.\u8221\'94 Pyetle replied. Mandrameen was smiling and so he smiled back. thought how strange it was that despite his great depression, his sociability bubbled up nonetheless.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Normally we\u8217\'92re a friendlier bunch, but recent events have been stressful,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh it\u8217\'92s no worry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I hear things are all very fresh for you as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fresh?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fresh memories,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen clarified. \u8220\'93I like to get at them while they\u8217\'92re fresh.\u8221\'94 Mandrameen reached into his leather pack and pulled out a folded ream of paper. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked on in confusion. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d hardly expected to see a lad with so much paper here amongst the Ayramun. But the boy did have a scholarly look about him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen unfolded a page and tried to iron out the crease with the palm of his hand. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Memories are worst when they\u8217\'92re fresh,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re more complete, sure, and that\u8217\'92s why I want to get you aside right now, but they\u8217\'92ve got none of the weight or the clarity of a long-treasured tale. Still, I want to get it fresh because, you know. So let\u8217\'92s just focus on the details, we\u8217\'92ll leave the flavor for when you\u8217\'92ve had time to stew.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I don\u8217\'92t know what you\u8217\'92re getting at.  \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I want to know how Ayram found you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked at Mandrameen through squinted eyes. He had no idea what the young man was on about. Mandri pulled out a scrap of paper and bit charcoal from his bag.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle, pyetle. Family name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle Andramawmun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Jandrian? I guess I can see it. Father Jandrian, Mother from -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Mother\u8217\'92s family from Carcina.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93From the Capitol? Interesting. How did she get - well that\u8217\'92s for later. Right now its the fresh memories I want. How are you feeling right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m warming up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I mean mentally, what\u8217\'92s your mood. Where are you at right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93My mood? I don\u8217\'92t know. Confused.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Confused, yes. Yes, that\u8217\'92s it. So how did Ayram find you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram? Well\u8230\'85 I wouldn\u8217\'92t say he }{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 found }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 me. It was all just a kind of coincidence.\loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t a coincidence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93He was looking for someone else and I just happened to be there, so-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no such thing as coincidence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle chuckled and said, \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93You know, the Seilsi told me just the same not too long ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Did he? He\u8217\'92s right. With Ayram, at least, there\u8217\'92s no such thing as coincidence. So tell me how it happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d rather not. It\u8217\'92s not my brightest moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t expect it would be. Ayram found me in a gully. I was half-dead. I was trying to kill myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? How were you p \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93What? Come on man. Out with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for the Ayramun to dissolve the camp. Everything was built to be folded and strapped. Hill and several others were the first persons to climb up and out of the cave. Like freaks they didn\u8217\'92t use the rope, they free-climbed up a via series of ledges. They made it look effortless, even though they carried a few more heavy ropes up with them, sashed around their bodies. Once at the top they strung them down into the cave to haul up the things that couldn\u8217\'92t climb out themselves.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First they pulled up bags and bundles, and then whatever wood they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d brought, and last they pulled out Mazyd after Moteah had wrapped the rope around his chest. Pyetle winced when he saw the rope dig into Mazyd\u8217\'92s skin, but of course without hands, the man had no way to climb out himself. Then Moteah came up to Pyetle and told him he was next.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t I just climb up the rope?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah appraised Pyetle\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s skinny frame with a disapproving glare.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt you can,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93If you want to, though, I won\u8217\'92t stop you. But get going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle walked over to rope and began his ascent. As soon as he had gotten a yard off the ground, Moteah pulled him back down.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, no,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You have no idea what you\u8217\'92re doing. You won\u8217\'92t make it up like that. You\u8217\'92re arms are barely thicker than the Seilsi\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Then show me how to do it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just\u8230\'85 come here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah pulled him over to one of the hauling ropes, and started to tie it around him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This will be safer, believe me. It\u8217\'92ll be easier,\u8221\'94 she said. She looped it around each leg and knotted it tight around his chest. Then she gave a shout and Pyetle began to rise.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was an undignified rise to the surface but he didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t complain. He was a little unsettled, however, when he saw how annoyed the two men were with having to pull him up. When he got to the top and they untied him, they shook their heads and spoke to eachother in Deep Jandrian so that Pyetle couldn\u8217\'92t understand. By the way they snickered it was clear they were making fun of him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry about this,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said to the man who was fumbling at the knot of rope on his chest.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No, no. No worry,\u8221\'94 the man said, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Once he was free, Pyetle just stood there, waiting to be told what to do. The man looked to his friend and they both laughed. Then he pointed to Mazyd who was sitting away by a rock.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92d be smart to be sitting with the prisoner, so he stepped aside to let the men work and waited for Moteah\u8217\'92s familiar face to come up out of the cave.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was then that he realized he was out in the Pitted Portion. He might have expected it given the pit cave they were in, but the Pitted Portion was too far from Dissel. It was in the center of the Sand, southeast of Jeket. At least a thousand leagues from Dissel. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d only spent one night traveling through the Underworld. He assumed he\u8217\'92d pop out on the other side of the Blackshells, but there wasn\u8217\'92t a mountain in sight. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And this was, undeniably, the Pitted Portion. He could see mounds marking the rims of other pits scattered all about. Most weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t so dramatic as the one he\u8217\'92d just crawled out of. He walked over to one of them and saw that it had sloping walls instead of a vertical drop. It was more of a bowl than pit, but deep and massive nonetheless.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we going?"}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Once out, where are we going?\u8221\'94 Mazyd asked. Moteah ignored him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle repeats the question. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where do we go from there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going to get the horses, then from there it\u8217\'92s a little ways to the minting rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Minting rock?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a little cave where we turn gold into coin - little faces on it just like yours, Seilsi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah gets rope and ties it around him like harness. Then two dudes up above pull Mazyd up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s turn to climb up knotted rope.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Any chance they can pull me up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s pretty fucking high.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Man up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah climbs up and out. Pyetle follows. Is exhausted by the time he gets to the top. Everyone is moving along, Mazyd at teh back. Pyetle is like pause to catch a breather. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wow what a view though. ~~~}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Describe the scene - pitted portion, webbed network of gravelled ground between pits. You have to wind your way around them to get to whereever you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re going. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Never actually been in the pitted portion before. Wonder what formed them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bit about pitted into gravel - Gods dug them out looking for gold and piled them up and they became the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I heard that its the Sand. Threw the gravel into the continent, then the wind worked on it and grided it to a fine sand. The dunes are what\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s left of it. THe mountains have been there since Creation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder why the sand doesn\u8217\'92t blow into the earth and fill them all up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wind is weird in this part of the sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle Convo with Moteah as they walk along}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd is struggling. Pyetle helps him along to where the horses are kept in a smooth pit}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Once there, Sob and Moteah sort them out with the clothes. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be out in the sun tomorrow\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Then Pella grabs Pyetle for the oath. Talks about the Sand. The struggles. How do you feel about the Empire.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram is the soul, he sees something in you. He has chosen you to become Ayramuun. We\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re going to bring down the Empire. Are you ok with that?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t really care.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Very well - come.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Climb up escarpment to a little flat jut of rock. Little cave cut inside. They cloister themselves inside}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet is there. They perform the ceremony. No words, just BIG mood. Ayram seems to overwhelm all of them in the cave.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At the end before tehre is time to settle, a charged whistling from outside the cave. Ayram rushes out. Imperials are far off. Somehow they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve caught wind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hint that Mazyd has caused this.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lets get to teh minting rock, then we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll make a decision.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Far to the east he could see the familiar peaks of the Blackshells. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A gruff voice behind them in spoke up. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t your business to be askin\u8217\'92 what Ayram do with the women.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sob is right.\u8221\'94 Hill said. \u8220\'93Pyetle, this is Sob.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle turned. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No worry \u8216\'91bout him,\u8221\'94 Hill said to Pyetle. \u8220\'93Sob least dangerous. Well, you least dangerous, but he next.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I see. Is there anyone I shouldn\u8217\'92t be worrying about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. I think\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Hill rubbed his chin and stared at something in the dirt. \u8220\'93Worry about - ah, worry about the ladies. Look at them. Don\u8217\'92t look at them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle followed Hill\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze, and saw Pella and the other women marching out of the cave.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You not young,\u8221\'94 Hill said. \u8220\'93But still, sure you have strong, eh, strong sex urge, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aside from Pella and another older, frazzled, bow legged creature, each of the women were as fit as any of the men. One of them caught Pyetle\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eye especially. She was younger than the rest, and quite stunning in a rough, serious kind of way. Hill caught Pyetle staring.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92d be Relsa.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The girl. That\u8217\'92s Relsa.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? Yes. I\u8217\'92m just surprised to see a girl like that with this bunch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wait till you see Sendren.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Which one is she?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 He\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 over there.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Hill said, pointing to a young man nodding off against the rock wall.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle thought the boy Sendren was handsome, no doubt. He had a square, clean jaw. Even features. But Pyetle didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t go in for that kind of thing. Hill, on the other hand, was nearly drooling. It made Pyetle start to wonder. The male-female ratio *was* out of natural balance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Two pretty crows,\u8221\'94 Hill mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How old are they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I not know. Seventeen? I not ask. I just, eh, }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 look}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 He smiled. \u8220\'93But, eh, they have eachother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re together, I take it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Could they not be? Pretty bird fly in pair when they fly in the Sand. Pretty crow especially. The rest of us, eh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No one else is together?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There be others. But remember what Sob say: everything belong to Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked on confusion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You will see it for the best,\u8221\'94 Hill continued. \u8220\'93People die too fast out here. He the only one who don\u8217\'92t break heart by dying first. But, uh, oh yeah - the Lizard boys. Who to worry bout. Worry bout the Lizard boys. Jadrameen and Kit. Jadri and Kit. They not good boys.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Which ones are those?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, scanning the crowd.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know when you see. But who else\u8230\'85 Ah, here come the one you no worry about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Describe Moteah walking toward them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah! Shef-sial!\u8221\'94 Hill called.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up, Hill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah, this is Pyetle, he want to know who he should worry about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He should worry about himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93True, hah! She say true thing. Always does. Now, I need to see Seculla about thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Piss off, Hill,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Okay!\u8221\'94 With that, Hill gave Pyetle a wink and scurried off, leaving him with Moteah. Pyetle suddenly realized he was standing alone in the midst of a band of thieves in the desert. Moteah noticed his shit}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you standing there for?\u8221\'94 she asked. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, am I supposed to be doing something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She rolled her eyes. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Here, take this awning apart, then tie it to that rope there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Began to take apart the shit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I meant what I said, too,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Worry bout yourself. Focus on pulling your own weight before you worry about anything anyone else is doing. If you don\u8217\'92t, you\u8217\'92ll get dropped. If you get dropped out here, you die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, what can I do?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re asking me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 I just got here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t a structured deal with division of labor. Everybody does what they can whenever they can. Initiative, Pyetle. Only a few get away with not doin much, but they\u8217\'92re straight killers. Unless I\u8217\'92m mistaken, you ain\u8217\'92t no killer, and you too old to learn. So, you just standin\u8217\'92 around, and I have to tell you to start helping? Not a good look, my man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry. I just really have no idea what\u8217\'92s going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve made the oath, haven\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The oath?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s like oh shit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Being with us means being one of us. Part of the body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Pye. What I mean is, sometimes some people forget what we doin it for, or they get sad, lonely, or just sick of it - the Sand ain\u8217\'92t a fun place to be - and that\u8217\'92s when I step in with my sunny disposition.\u8221\'94 She looked at Pyetle and put on a big smile. Pyetle couldn\u8217\'92t help but smile back.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re in charge of morale?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t in charge of nothing. I do what I can for people cause I want to. You have to want to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92m that kind of person?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Obviously. That\u8217\'92s why I\u8217\'92m talkin to ya. If you ain\u8217\'92t good in a fight, then you need to be good out of it. So Pye, what good are ya?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85 I know bean-curd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bean-curd?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bean products, but mostly bean curd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You a cook?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No. It\u8217\'92s more the buying and selling of it. I would buy soy-bean in bulk from farmers out in -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You a middle-man?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle nodded. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not as simple as that, but...I guess it doesn\u8217\'92t matter. Not many beans out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not much buyin or sellin either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I guess I could help out with whatever you need help with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah shook her head. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nah. We\u8217\'92ll find somethin. Ayram put you here, Pye. I learnt a long time ago that he knows best. But still, you need to make a decision to buy in - not just \u8216\'91cause we don\u8217\'92t tolerate outsiders. It\u8217\'92s for your own safety.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Safety from what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There be things in the Sand that only Ayram can save you from. He won\u8217\'92t save you if you haven\u8217\'92t taken the oath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And what does that involve?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t nothin serious. Well, it\u8217\'92s serious, but I mean, it ain\u8217\'92t nothin too painful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Too painful?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a blood oath, Pye. There\u8217\'92s gonna to be blood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle grimaced. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose I have a choice?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, we\u8217\'92d kill you if you say no. But you shouldn\u8217\'92t take the oath just because you don\u8217\'92t want us to kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle laughed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got to be doing it for the right reasons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What reasons are those?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah shrugged. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s different for everyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why did you join up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nah. That\u8217\'92s between me and Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So I either take the oath, or you kill me. That just doesn\u8217\'92t seem like\u8230\'85 Well, let\u8217\'92s say I took the oath, but I just said the words without meaning them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no words.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, ok.... Let\u8217\'92s say I just went through the motions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t that kind of oath. It\u8217\'92s more\u8230\'85 how should I say it\u8230\'85 It\u8217\'92s more primitive. Maybe oath ain\u8217\'92t the right word.\u8221\'94 Moteah stood up. \u8220\'93You got until we reach them hills over there.\u8221\'94 She pointed ahead to the tall foothills of the Junei Mountains. At their pace, they\u8217\'92d reach them by nightfall.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that where the horses are?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, eager to get in a saddle.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah nodded. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well I can already tell you,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he stood up. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked behind them, and say that Mazyd was struggling along. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about Mazyd?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The Seilsi?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, Urghiz is a long way off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s in pretty bad shape. You think he\u8217\'92s going to make it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Shit, I don\u8217\'92t know if you gonna to make it.\u8221\'94 Moteah looked Pyetle up and down, clearly unimpressed with his fitness. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know how bad it is out there. It\u8217\'92s not just the heat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been on caravans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We ain\u8217\'92t keep to the roads.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well if you\u8217\'92re concerned about me, then how is he gonna make it?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, nodding in Mazyd\u8217\'92s direction. Moteah stopped him, and looked in his eyes with intent.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pye, I\u8217\'92m tryin to get you worryin about yourself. Ya need to be. Let us worry bout him. For you, for now, it needs to be one step at a time. It needs to be that way for a while. Shits about to get real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked back again at Mazyd and wondered if the beaten man could hear their conversation. Mazyd was far enough down the face of the dune that if he were just another human, it would be impossible, but he was a Seilsi, and there was no telling what he was capable of. There were rumors that Seilsi had strange biologies, but these rumors always conflicted, so Pyetle never gave them credence. One day a man would claim he saw a Seilsi jump over a crowd just because he could, while another would say he saw a Seilsi struggle to get up into a saddle. Some said they could see through walls, others said they were nearly blind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was a lot unusual about Mazyd\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s appearance - the hairlessness, the androgyny - but there was nothing that suggested unnatural ability. There were the strange tattoos, and perhaps they were working some magic into his veins, but Pytele doubted it. Mazyd just looked too helpless. No one infused with a magical force would drag their feet in the sand. No one who could see through walls could be ambushed and captured.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mayzd stumbled as he trudged up dune. His left leg buckled, and the weight of him As he fell he did enough to keep the bandages out of the sand, but his hip hit a rock and he . The two guys minding him moaned and cursed and yelled at him to get back up. Moteah looked on in disgust. She despised Mazyd. They all did, save Pyetle. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I could help with the Seilsi,\u8221\'94 Pyetle suggested.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pye, what did I just say. Worry about yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am worrying about myself. I\u8217\'92m thinking about how I fit in. It seems like none of you want to deal with the Seilsi - well that\u8217\'92s something I could do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah rolled her eyes. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ask Pella about it.\u8221\'94 She turned back to the course and trudged along. \u8220\'93Come on, we almost there.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Oddness with his blood. Indicates that he isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t commited. -swirls it around a bowl to check the body, the thickness, how many drips fell down the side of the bowl. Elrahet- \u8220\'93His blood is thin but sharp.}}