{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re out in the Sand - passing along gravellands }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mandrameen gets a hold of Pyetle. Inquires into his past life. Inquires into the time he met Ayram. Reveals they were all similarly distressed when Ayram picked them up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pyetle asks about who Ayram is. What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s his deal?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going to throw the Empire out of the continent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I mean what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s his real deal? IN the underworld there was, for a moment I thought he was  demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - A powerful being, yes, but not a demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Asked Seilsi for his story. ???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Interrupted by scout - Imperials are on the track - still really far away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - How the hell! (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Mazyd)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Double pace to Minting Rock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, there it is\u8221\'94 - outcrop of rock. Band\u8217\'92s secret minting facility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -They stumble on a dried out corpse of a man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Relsa, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s alive!\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93What did he say?\u8221\'94 Begone temptress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - they revive him. See he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a priest of the dreamer. Pella explains. I was once a priestess. Didn\u8217\'92t know this dude though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Hill shows pyetle gold store. Absolutely bonkers amount of gold. They put it on the horses and take it away, Pyetle not know where.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pick up water from spring nearby.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pella scope sees troops. Mazyd confirms that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re imperial - they\u8217\'92ve just gotten down into the plain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -COming right for the rock - interrogate Mazyd - tie up, blindfold, wind, etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - need to change course - lose them in the Sandslants}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 , he came at last upon a rocky mountain with a large cave at the foot of it and a large stone over the entrance. After removing the stone and going in, eager to explore the unknown with a human curiosity, he found a spacious chamber, with an opening to the sky above covered over by spreading branches of an ancient palm tree. There was a sparkling spring there, from which a stream overflowed through a little opening, and soaked away into the earth. There were also a few little buildings near the foot of the mountain containing the knives and anvils and mallets used to strike coins; Egyptian writings tell us that this used to be the site of a secret minting factory at the time when Antony and Cleopatra were together.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They ordered another young man in the flower of his youth to be taken into a most pleasant little garden, with white lilies and red roses, and a gentle murmuring stream winding through it, and the wind making a sweet whisper though the leaves of the trees, where they made him lie down on a feather bed, and left him there, tied down with soft silken bonds to prevent him escaping. After they had all gone a beautiful prostitute came in, and began stroking his body in the most delicate of embraces, and, shameful to relate, fondling his manhood in her hands, in the hope of so inciting him to lust that she might win a shameless victory over him. I don't know how this soldier of Christ did it, or how he summoned up his resolve. But will pleasure be the victor where torments fail? For at length, inspired by heaven, he bit off his tongue and spat it in her face as she tried to kiss him. And so the immense pain which followed was stronger than the feeling of lust. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}