{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -  Path through underworld is safe pass through mountains that imperials don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t watch.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need note somewhere where Ayram or Hill mention this area of the underworld is stagnant.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen and Seculla first met at an evening river party. It was a government function, some Imperial Senator was entertaining some foreign dignitary, and so the wine was thin and the air was thick with ambition. Not a place for depressed people. They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D7AFFFEF-25BE-4387-9AC8-D2A076506A26"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stamina}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  for it. Both Mandrameen and Seculla filtered through the pretension and collided in one corner of the tent where they clustered together for sanity. This sparked a relationship. They began to write letters back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen found it difficult to explain that he was depressed because he came from old money. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not a sympathetic cause and so even he, with his prodigious creative talent, couldn\u8217\'92t mix and match words well enough to communicate the depth of it. Instead, he settled for talking about it in the abstract. He wrote to Seculla about how he hated the word \u8216\'91depression\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He remarked that a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91depression\u8217\'92 is just a bit of land that\u8217\'92s a little lower than the surrounding area. It can vary in size, but if you\u8217\'92re walking along you\u8217\'92ll get through it in good time with no great effort. It\u8217\'92s not like climbing a mountain or swimming across the sea. It\u8217\'92s just a phase in what is otherwise perfectly healthy, normal, level ground. In other words a depression isn\u8217\'92t depressing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen thought the use of the word was prejudicial. It gave well-put-together people the wrong idea about him. Made them feel that they understood where he was coming from. After all, everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been sad, so everyone\u8217\'92s been through a little depression, so everyone thinks they\u8217\'92ve got the place mapped, but a real meaty nihilistic stupor, well Mandrameen knew it wasn\u8217\'92t on any goddamn map. You get lost there. You don\u8217\'92t come back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla wrote back that he was, again, being a fool. She pointed out that the most desolate and tortured place in the world was a depression: the Empty Portion. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an immense bowl of sand and it comprises almost a third of the continent. Unrelenting winds have whipped it since the dawn of creation: the S}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://855994A1-EE6B-44C7-87F8-FB8396011B91"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hamal}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  blows in from the Caltian Sea, and the Kharif brings monsoons in from the south-west. }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Empty Portion is not just a true desert, Seculla argued, it is }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 the}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  desert. No one has ever made it through the heart of it, much less to the Inner Mountain and back again. If ever there was a fitting object for Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s analogy, that was it, and it was a depression, and it most certainly }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  on a map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen was too sentimental about the Sands to agree with her. The Empty Portion was unforgiving, yes, but for him it was full of mystery and feminine allure. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d wax on about virginal passages and rich young men who fought to be the first to expose and penetrate its secrets. Besides, the Gods lived there, the Desert Fathers lived there, and so he couldn\u8217\'92t possibly think of it as depressing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually, and this took months, subtle lust worked enough agreeableness into them that they shared a conclusion: the feature of the Earth best suited to the task was the Underworld. The sun can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reach there, so you can only see as far as the light that you carry. There is no color or life. There\u8217\'92s just the maze of rock, the abyss, and your own private thoughts. There\u8217\'92s nothing to do but wander and wait for death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t consider - what they didn\u8217\'92t know - was Fear. Not the blunt, cerebral fear that might keep the depressed in bed, but the sharp, waking fear that keeps a man running through the Underworld. Neither Mandrameen nor Seculla had ever }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 truly}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  gazed into the abyss. The real things, the avens of the Earth, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re chittering-chattering throats that threaten to vomit out teeth and claws and demons should you turn your back. They spike the body with tension, they push out all thoughts and worries save one: Back. Out. Slowly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Mandrameen and Seculla had ever been forced to crawl through the damp dark of the Underworld, as Pyetle was forced by Ayram and Hill, their error would have slapped them in the face. The only thing keeping Pyetle from losing his wits entirely was the drink. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fixate on the terror even if he tried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He would cast wary glances into dark tunnels as he passed them. He struggled to figure if the glowing eyes and shifting shadows he thought he saw were real or just glistening bits of rock. Ayram and Hill were moving too quickly to let his blurry eyes bring any particular fright into focus. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Keep moving\u8217\'92 was the order. Not just because of whatever might lurk in the dark, but because an icy breeze, the billows of the Earth, it was cold enough to condense the vapor of his breath into ice. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With only a thin cotton tunic, Pyetle was especially chilled. The drink helped with that, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we going?\u8221\'94 He whispered as he tramped along behind Hill. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop to answer. He just grunted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just want to know where the hell -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill paused and whipped round. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Were you never told stories of Swadin?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle nodded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then be}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  quiet}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At this point Ayram had stopped as well. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got some miles to cover,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Miles?\u8221\'94 Pyetle mumbled. \u8220\'93You can find your way for miles?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Ayram was already turning back round to the path. Hill grunted again and followed along. Pyetle came flying behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The way meandered up and down, but it kept to a relative mean. Pyetle expected to be confronted at every turn by a vertical shaft or impassible slump of boulders - and there were plenty of these - but Ayram knew the ways around them. As they shifted around the ledge of one particularly jagged rent in the earth, a rock broke out from under Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot, and it fell into the darkness. The silence was horrifying. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After a long age of seconds a stupefying, far-off boom rumbled below. Behind it came a cloud of steam and a wheezing, sulfurous hiss. Pyetle thought he saw a flash of green light deep down in the abyss. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Twelve seconds,\u8221\'94 Ayram remarked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That makes it what?\u8221\'94 Hill asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost two hundred lengths.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not deep enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Deep enough for what?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just say,\u8221\'94 Hill said as he looked knowingly at Ayram, \u8220\'93that we\u8217\'92re safe for now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Ayram led them on through a winding fissure and through a series of low-hung corridors. At times they had to crawl or squeeze through cracks, and again, it was worst for Pyetle. His cotton tunic did nothing to brunt the shocking chill of the rock and mud against his skin. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help that the torch-light\u8217\'92s narration of these passages was unreliable; hidden edges and shadowed protrusions stabbed and bruised his flesh as he scraped along. In an hour his tunic was reduced to wet rags. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each time he stumbled out of a crack he found that Ayram and Hill were further and further ahead. When it got to the point that he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see their dark figures cut out against torchlight, he yelled for them to wait. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill! Ayram!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hurried along, chasing the orange glow of Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s torch. If it grew any fainter it would take the rock around him with it. He could feel the darkness pushing in, closing down on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He rushed round a corner and nearly spilled onto marbled rock. Here the floor was carved and polished and cut with an intricate diamond pattern. It was as wide as a carriageway. The light of Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s torch climbed up straight and even walls then fell softly into shadow, unable to reach the distant ceiling - if indeed there was one. At the distant end of this great hall, Hill and Ayram stood at the threshold of an enormous double-door. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were whispering to each other. Hill seemed upset. Ayram shook him away, then pushed on the massive door. An awful grinding noise echoed down the hall towards Pyetle, and once there was enough room for Ayram to slip inside, he went in. Slowly, the door closed behind him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill turned round then jumped in fright when he saw Pyetle standing there in the middle distance, dimly lit, half-naked and muddy, with eyes as wide as saucers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shyza!\u8221\'94 Hill screamed. \u8220\'93Pyetle! I thought you a witherman!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not one yet,\u8221\'94 Pyetle grumbled as he marched towards the warmth of Hill\u8217\'92s torch. \u8220\'93But I might be made one soon in this damned place\u8230\'85 Would it kill you to slow down?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It could. Here, take this.\u8221\'94 He handed Pyetle the torch, then undid the clasp of his black cloak and unwrapped it, then put it on Pyetle\u8217\'92s shoulders. Pyetle tugged it tight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how you wear it. Wrap it here, across chest, under arm. Yes. There you go. Is good?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle nodded, then turned toward the doors. They were three times his height, arched in the middle, and engraved all up and down in rows were lines of soldiers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, don\u8217\'92t think of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you live here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no, no. This is bad, bad place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I go in?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93NO. No, no, no, no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill. Give me something here. I want to know what the hell is going on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh\u8230\'85 no for me to say. Let\u8217\'92s say that - Ayram do business here. But don\u8217\'92t think of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t think of it? This is incredible! I\u8217\'92ve never even }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 heard}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of something like this in the Underworld. The fact that people braved this foul place long enough to carve a-\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Pyetle\u8217\'92s next words got stuck in his throat as his eyes fell upon the carved demon\u8217\'92s head set atop the door frame. Granite shoulders popped out of the rock next to it, and long, spindly arms spread all the way around the door-frame to the floor, where hands clutched the bottom of the doors, as if holding them up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 People }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 built this, right?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t think of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ugh. Hill, man, what the hell do you expect me to think about? We\u8217\'92re in the Underworld, and}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  that\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a fucking demon door, and Ayram just }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 walked}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  inside.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you still drunk, my friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It surprised Pyetle to realize that he }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  still drunk. He looked back at the door. Nope. Still a demon door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come, Pyetle, let me show you a thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill took Pyetle by the shoulder and led him back down the hall and into the more familiar, the more natural part of the Underworld. Instead of turning left or right, he kept walking straight until he came, across the way, to another hall. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This one was carved in the style of the early ancient Empire. Instead of swirling abstractions on the floor, there were columns and faces. There were figures embossed in the granite rock - slaves, cattle, brewers, butchers, weavers - enough obsequious faces to flatter the eternal slumber of any Solean Dynasty . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill and Pyetle walked through them until they came to a stretch of graves dug into the wall. These were each sealed by a stone nameplate bearing the titles of a long-forgotten noble. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill picked a rock and began to smash them in. Just a few hard blows was all it took.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are doing!?\u8221\'94 Pyetle shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill continued to hammer away, shattering plaque after plaque. He would reach into the graves and sweep out a jumble of tattered woolen cloth and bone, then move on to the next. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t do that!\u8221\'94Pyetle shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They may be watching!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let them watch. They\u8217\'92re dead. The selfish dits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fool! They might well be here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill stood up straight and looked around. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No see. No hear. No problem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No problem? Don\u8217\'92t disturb them!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are assholes. Assholes get disturbed. Heh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever these people did, their fate is yours if keep tempting it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not what they did, it\u8217\'92s what they are doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are they doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at them!\u8221\'94 Hill exclaimed, sweeping his arm out wide to point to all the graves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked around expectantly. Squint as might, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the slightest green shimmer of a wandering soul. He looked back at Hill in confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are they?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the graves, idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These grelcha. They so indulgent. They so - how you say - full of themselves. Try to claim earth for all eternity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are mad that they built tombs?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How selfish do you need? Steal a spot of earth even after you die. If I want that spot of earth I\u8217\'92m taking it. You dead. You not use. I will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll use it how? Are you going to crawl in one of these graves for a nap?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no. I do this on principle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do it out of spite.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What this mean - \u8216\'91spite\u8217\'92 ?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your Common is too good to not know that word.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay. I stop. Anyway, this not what I want to show. Come.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He led Pyetle further into the hall and stopped at a hole in the ground where part of the floor had given way to the abyss. It was about two lengths wide and it fell straight down. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen to this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill pulled out his cock and began to pee into the hole. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ew!\u8221\'94 Pyetle howled. \u8220\'93You wanted me to watch you pee?\u8221\'94 He grimaced and turned away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill snickered and kept at it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You hear it?\u8221\'94 he asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle listened. There was no a-trickling splash. There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t anything. There was silence. He looked over and saw Hill\u8217\'92s golden stream quietly speeding away into darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what? It\u8217\'92s a deep hole. That\u8217\'92s what you wanted to show me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just then, a tinny, zinging sound came echoing out of the hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 zshhINGGGGgggggg}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill looked back at Pyetle, smiling from ear to ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is weird noise, no?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your urine made that noise?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What else?\u8221\'94 Hill gave his cock a few shakes and put it away. \u8220\'93I think it have to do with how the rocks shape sound,\u8221\'94 he said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle listened closely as the echoes ringed away. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll have a go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! Go on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle handed Hill the torch then stepped over to the hole. He started to pull his cock out of his underwear, but stopped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Back up a bit, will you?\u8221\'94 he said to Hill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, sorry. Sorry. I Curious. You know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle shook his head and turned back to the abyss as it unfolded beneath his feet. He began to consider what it would be like to fall down it. How long would he hang in the darkness? As far as dying goes, he supposed the falling wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be so bad - but he didn\u8217\'92t like the darkness. He\u8217\'92d rather be able to see the bottom. There\u8217\'92d be something cathartic about falling for so long, a good ten seconds, knowing for at least that long that you\u8217\'92ve finally done it, that your fate is certain, its right }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 there}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  rushing up at you. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 That\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the moment he wanted frozen in his mind forever. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His palms began sweat. He pulled out his cock and began to pee before the anxiousness could really have its way with him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something brushed his shoulder. He screamed. He slipped. Urine sprayed all about. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He fell into the hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill screamed after him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle! shit!\u8221\'94 He leaped so quickly to where Pyetle had stood that he almost fell down himself. He got down to his knees and lowered the torch down into the hole to see what he could see, but there was nothing but black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill looked up to the ceiling and muttered a quick blessing to the Dreamer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m alright!\u8221\'94 Pyetle yelled. \u8220\'93Your cloak snagged on something! I can\u8217\'92t reach it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  reach it, idiot!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you see me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can! I\u8217\'92m not far down. Lower a rope or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill! What are you doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Ayram! I was just\u8230\'85 Pyetle - he pee into hole and then-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram! Ayram, I\u8217\'92m stuck on a rock or something. Gods, I pissed myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill, why is Pyetle stuck in your piss-hole?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look at me! He jumped!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t jump! He pushed me! Well, he didn\u8217\'92t push me, he - fucking - I don\u8217\'92t know. Put a rope down!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have rope, Hill?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you just shake your head!?\u8221\'94 Pyetle screamed up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re in a bit of a bind, Pyetle.\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A drunken groan echoed up out of the hole. Hill put a wary eye on Ayram and whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have no }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 big}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  plans for him do you? He only a little old man. Little old cock, too.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill, he was your responsibility. That\u8217\'92s the second one you\u8217\'92ve disappointed. First Salavan, now this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t blame me for that! Or this! He was pissing\u8230\'85 he}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  jump}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  into the hole!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram sneered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t blame me for -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no. It\u8217\'92s the smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll lower down my bow as far as I can. That\u8217\'92s a few lengths, but you\u8217\'92ll have to climb up to it. I can\u8217\'92t see you, so I don\u8217\'92t know how far you\u8217\'92ll have to climb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked up at them - two dark heads cut out against the warm light, one much bigger than the other. He looked down into the unfathomable black. He wondered which prospect was preferable, up or down. Sure, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d live if he climbed out, but living wasn\u8217\'92t all it\u8217\'92s cracked up to be. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cloak was snagged as good as if it had been sewn into the rock. Its threads were strong, tight-knit, and had been dry-waxed with a special unguent made from cow hoof, salt-sap, and spit, and Pyetle was as light as men come; there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a chance the cloak would rip any further. Not before he died of thirst. Or cold. He\u8217\'92d rather fall. Instead he just hung, legs and arms as limp as the rags of his tunic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He curled and stretched his toes. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see them. He twirled his feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pyetle. You climbing up? We not see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you climbing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll not climb until you answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is he bargaining?\u8221\'94 Hill whispered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just spooked,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.  Then he shouted down to Pyetle,  \u8220\'93There isn\u8217\'92t time for whatever the hell you think there\u8217\'92s time for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a moment of silence. Then Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shrill voice came ringing up again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Climb on out!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I asked, \u8216\'91Who are you?\u8217\'92 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Ayram asked in return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Pyetle! Who else could I be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I walked over here,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, \u8220\'93all I saw was Hill shouting into a hole. Now a strange voice is shouting back. Pyetle might have fallen in, but he might have fallen to his death. You could be a demon lurking there in the dark!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 sound}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  like a demon?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aye, you do! }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill shouted down, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It be the way the rocks shape sound!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill!\u8221\'94 Pyetle screamed. \u8220\'93Tell Ayram that I\u8217\'92m Pyetle!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We no can see you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Climb on up!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted. \u8220\'93At least get high enough so that we can at least see who you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t climb!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Do you have misshapen demon limbs?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The walls are smooth!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about? There\u8217\'92s a crack here!\u8221\'94 Ayram slapped part of the rock face where a deep crack ran down the side of the hole. \u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t it run all the way down to where you are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How wide is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About the width of three fingers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good! Perfect. It tapers down. It shouldn\u8217\'92t be too hard to climb up it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how to climb a crack!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just stick your fingers in and pull down until they jam. Use your thumb for support or like a shim to get a tight fit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or stick your hand in side-ways,\u8221\'94 Hill added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you can stick your whole hand in sideways and squeeze down. Get the meat of your palm and your fingers to stick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Squeeze, brace with your thumb, do what you can to inflate your hand in the crack so it\u8217\'92s nice and jammed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle spun himself round to face the rock. He reached up and stuck his fingers in and pulled down. He expected them to slip right out but they locked in place. He then felt out with his toes for a small cleft or angled face so that he could step and push himself up, but there was nothing but smooth undulations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do I do with my feet?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just stick them right in the crack. Keep your soles inward and your knees bowed out so that as you step up, your foot will naturally twist into the crack and jam in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds too easy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It won\u8217\'92t be. It will hurt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as Pyetle stuck his left foot into the crack he knew that it was going to hurt a lot. Even with a slight jam and twist, the rock threatened to rip his bare skin right open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think this will work!\u8221\'94 he shouted up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You shouldn\u8217\'92t need to climb far.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stuck his fingers back in and pulled again. He could already feel the skin starting to split on the sides of his knuckles. He stuck his right foot in the crack above his left. As he stepped up his foot twisted round and jammed in, but he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t placed his hand high enough in the crack. As his body separated from rock face, his fingers started to slip out. He shot his other hand high into the crack to steady himself. Once recovered, he reached up even higher, high as could, and started again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He did a little more this time to save his fingers. He groped around for a more relaxed fit, a more rounded edge. There was no saving the top of his foot. The bottom was calloused enough but the top of his foot\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin was as soft and webby as pampered old woman\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He bit his lip and pushed up.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The crack gets wider!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. It tapers down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s too many fingers!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Use a fist, then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stuck his left fist in and wiggled his thumb around and pulled until it set. Up he went. With his next step he found he could fit his whole leg in the crack, up to his buttocks. He shimmied up like this until the crack got even wider, so wide that he could fit his fore-arm into a horizontal brace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you see me?\u8221\'94 he shouted up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well? How about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill waved the torch around, trying make out more of Pyetle than the bald spot on the top of his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are not a demon,\u8221\'94 he said, smirking aside to Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about you, Ayram?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stared down and Pyetle looked up. Pyetle can make out his eyes - just an immense figure. Even more sure that this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a simple human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On my word,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you who I am if you climb up out of there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it!\u8221\'94 Pyetle slammed his fist against the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on up, Pyetle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle shook his head and began to mutter to no one but the rock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You losing him,\u8221\'94 Hill whispered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Pyetle. Alright, \u8220\'93Ayram said. \u8220\'93You will come up if I tell you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle slapped his forehead against the rock. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. But I can\u8217\'92t simply tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked up and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. You\u8217\'92ve no word in your language for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You aren\u8217\'92t a man?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think I\u8217\'92m merely a man?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And so it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My kind maps to form but not to language. I am something that is shown. I\u8217\'92m felt. Even across a distance - do you }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 feel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  me now?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle nodded. There was a pit in his stomach and it was filled with sorrow, rage, sdfaw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is who I am. We have an accord, Pyetle, because you\u8217\'92re so lost. You\u8217\'92ve given up. I\u8217\'92m drawn to that. Without knowing it you called out to me, so here I am. We are in accord.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen!\u8221\'94 Hill shouted down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are dead. As good as dead. Your life is torn and there is no putting it back together. Do you understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have I answered  your question well enough?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want with me?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are a tool, and since you won\u8217\'92t use it, I am. I\u8217\'92m already pouring my will into you. You can feel it. Now climb out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to hurt people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You just killed a man!\u8221\'94 Hill interjected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ignore the fool, Pyetle. You wont do anything you don\u8217\'92t want to do. Climb on out.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well. Okay then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Began again to shimmy up the hole.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram grabs pyetle. Takes him under his arm. Something along the lines of  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t want you jumping down any more holes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle was fine with it, because he was tired of walking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}