{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-BoldItalic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Cambria-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Empty Portion}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 (Empty Quarter)}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Middle Quarter}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I thought of Buzz ldrin\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s depression, his alcoholism, the way his existence was at once magnified and belittled by the experience of walking on the moon.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Desert or desart in their reports -f rom Latin adjective desertus, past participle of dererere: to abandon.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Europeans had no real conception of the world\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s dry deserts until they started going to them. Look at the paintings of St. Antony. It was not only that vegetation was a requisite compositional device, the sheer sparsity of the Egyptian desert was as beyond imagining as the moon. Scarcely any of these paintings are without trees, and many show the abbot sitting primly in a landscape as lush as the apenninines in spring. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Felix Fabri - dominican friar: Firstly, this country is called the desert because it seems to be, so to speak, deserted by god, as though god had used it to improve or adorn the rest of the universe\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 Secondly, this country is called the lonesome place, because no one longs for that land\u8230\'85 Thirdly, this country iscalled the solitary place, because it is unfrequented by men. It is solitary because none of the countries which lie round about it wish to have any connection with or likeness to that land.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He goes on to tell that the desert is the image of death, that nothing grows there, that it is waterless, salt, pathless, inhabited only by serpents, scorpions, dispades ( a kind of snake whose bite causes intolerable thirst), worms, dragons, fauns, and satyrs; a place of demonic temptation, where great merit isacquired, and where lthe laws and commandments were given.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 W.J.McGee - 1906 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Desert Thirst as Disease\u8221\'94 - doctor and geographer}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Finding guy left in the desert for just four days with one  days ater:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pable was stark naked; his formely full-muscled legs and arms were shrunken and scrawny; his ribs edged out like those of a starving horse; his habitually plethoric abdomen was drawn in almost aganst his vertebral column; his lips had disappeared as if amputated, leaving low edges of blackened tissue; his teeth and gums projected like those of a skinned animal, but the flesh was black and dry as a hank of jerky; his nose was withered and shrunken to half its length; his lostril lining showing black; his eyes were set in a winkless stare, with surrounding skin so contracted as to expose the conjunctiva, itself black as the gums; his face was dark as a degro, and his skin generally turned a ghastly purplish yet ashen grey, with great livid blotches and streaks; his lower legs and feet, with forearms and hands, were torn and scratched by contact with thorns and sharp rocks, yet even the freshest cuts were as so many scratches in dry leather, without trace of blood or serum; his joints and bones stood out like those of a wasted sickling, though the skin clung to them in a way suggesting shrunken rawhide used in repairing a broken wheel. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ^Desert gothic. It is as if he has been possessed by the spirit of the desert or rendered into some calculus of all its extremes. The impression above all is of an organic being reduced to the mineral - this is what the desert does, before it scatters you. He is half-deaf, half-blind;  and there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s one last foul detail: \u8220\'93his tounge shrunken to a mere bunch of black integument.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 McGee douses him with water, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93the skin first shedding then absorbing it greedily as a dry sponge.\u8221\'94 From shrunken rawhide to sponge. Valencia\u8217\'92s revival from living mummy is in fact remarkably quick: within an hour he is drinking, within two he cna manage a little \u8220\'93 bird fricassee with rice and shredded bacon.\u8221\'94 All it takes is water.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Having set out on foot, he became disoriented and exhausted. His canteen was soon empty. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He found some relief - after the fashion of all Mexicans and most Americans in like cases - by occasionally filling his mouth and gargling his throat with urine.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two days after leaving the camp, he lay down in an arroyo and discarded his shoes and trousers. This shedding of clothes is common among those dying in the desert - instinctive but lethal, since clothing is all that shields you from the sun. The following day he chewed some paloverde twigs and ate som spiders. He became convinced that Rios had deliberately abandoned him (perhaps he did). It was this conviction that \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93spurred him on with the aim of knifing his deceiver.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He found a familiar trail that would return him to camp, but soon fell under the heat and lay all day long in an arroyo. That eveneing, as he made his way along, he glimpsed a coyote following him at a distance. By no the urine he had been carrying in the canteen as mucho malo, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93very bad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Five days after Valencia\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s last taste of water, the buzzards which had been monitoring him for two days came almost within hand-reach. The next day his urine having ceased to flow, he felt his last recourse gone. The following evening McGee was woken by those distant bellowings, the dead man was alive, or rather he was not wholly dead.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 McGee isolates five stages of thirst:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Normal dryness\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93functional derangement, \u8220\'93The cottonmouth phase,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93The phase of the shrivlled toungue, \u8220\'93THe stage of structural degeneration,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Death\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Modern medics: mild (dry mouth, rapid breathing), moderate (reduced skin-turgor, sunken eyes and irritability), extreme (cold extremities, no blood pressure)}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bertram Thomas:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The paper was now so dog-eared and friable that it required painstaking unfolding in order to avoid new tears. Discredited or misdrawn features had been scrawled out in pencil, and new ones added. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93High, red dune country; elevated, less-rugged, red sands, with horseshoe hills; parallel white ridges with intervening red valleys; flat or gently undulating white sands with transfers red hills; steppe, salt plain, and red hills alternating.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93White sands, dune ridge, dunes and basin, salt plain, white plain}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Amid it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s horrors, peace - peace magnified by those horrors.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Immesurable world:}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A depression the size of France, occupying a third of the Arabian Peninsula, the Empty Quarter is bounded to the north\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85. THis tremendous bowl of sand has been stirred, clockwise for perhaps two million years, by two great winds: the shamal that sweeps across the arabian gulf from Iraq, and the Kharif that brings the south-west monsoon to soak Dhofar. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It seemed to me that the chief characteristic of night in the desert was ot darkness but this light that was not the sun\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The interior rwalls re thickly plastered, bumpy nd cracked. The floor is packed earth laid with two rugs heavily nibbled by mice. I}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is the saguaros giant candelabra forms that break the line of each hillside and provide landmarks. The tallest for kilometers stands beside the cabin. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rinon mountains, the Little Rincons before.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A blade of light drops from the distant peaks of the rincons, down the foothills and towards me across the alluvial plain, until slowly, like a lava flow, the threshold where light meets shadow approaches the cabin - and then: there! The warmth as teh sun\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s rays touch the back of my head and my shadow is thrown down long before me.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The ridge separates two washes (dry, except after cloudbursts): one is broad and shallow, the other is deep and narrow and what they call an arroyo }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Book about the dangerous animals of the region, every one hair-triggered, you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d be forgiven for inferring, to sting you, bite you, mal you, or char with its fier breath. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sleeps outside because of the noise that lizards in the roof make. Noise of the desert subsumes it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I lift each of the bed\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s feet and slip containers of water under them - tin mugs, a wooden saucer, a saucepan - to keep conenose kissing-bugs or scorpions from joining me. I position the two chairs beside the bed, one at the foot, one alongside my head, and stand lanterns on them.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Place scented candles around you, in the mornings the hardened wells around their wicks are black with flying insects. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most afternoons, as teh warmth first intensifies like an oven preheating, then levels off at a temperature that permits nothing but sitting in the cabin\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow cowled in a we scarf:}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Monks filter into an abbey. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I stood at the back and listened to their plainsong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Desert Fathers, the third- and fourth century solitaires of Upper Egypt, and the first of them, St. Antony. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 St. Antony and St. Paul and a loaf of bread.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When St. Antony left his home, the young man retired alone to a hut in the desert - bit it wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t far, hardly the true desert at all, just a place outside the village walls. There he was besieged by the devil\u8217\'92s temptations: memories of his former comforts, his abandoned sister, the promise of money and glory, and above all the \u8220\'93spirit of fornication.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In the bole of a dead tree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He traveled still further into the desert, deeper into the devil\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s domain, like a military scout preceding an invasion. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93By now he has become an iconic figure and must fend off acolytes as well as demons. He travels still deeper into the desert, until he reaches the place that would be his home for the rest of his life: the foothills of the south galala mountains. This story of a step-by-step progression into oblivion, from the lush Nile floodplain to the arid interior, became a model for others wishing to renounce society. According to St. Athanasius, \u8220\'93 cells filled with holy bands of men who said psalms, loved reading, fasted, prayed, rejoiced in the hope of things to come, laboured in almsgiving and preserved love and harmony, one with the other.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Even among the women, the metaphor of sexual conquest was near-ubiquitous: time and again the feminised desert was unveiled, exposed, vanquished and finally penetrated. My bedding was dusty with dried binding-glue. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For geographoers, deserts are simply places where the average annual rainfall is less than 250 millimeteres, and where precipitation, by rain or fog or dew, is exceeded by potential evapotranspiration (evaporation and the transpiration of plants). The aridity index four categories of drylands:  Hyper-arid, arid, semi-arid, and sub-humid. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The model desert journey is a progression from the sub-humid to the hyper-arid, from the Nile to the \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Inner Mountain,\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the Vitae Patrum, the collected sayings and biographies of the Desert Fathers, published in the seventeenth century, we learn of the paneremos: at once the place of uttermost lifelessness, and teh locus where the desert\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s identity was most purely asserted, and that point furthest from the periphery. Polar explorers have another term: the Pole of Maximum Inaccessibility. This it seemed was the ultimate objective of every desert traeller: the axis where the absolute coexists with the infinite. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A depression the size of France, occupying a third of the Arabian Peninsula, the Empty Quarter is bounded to the north\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85. THis tremendous bowl of sand has been stirred, clockwise for perhaps two million years, by two great winds: the shamal that sweeps across the arabian gulf from Iraq, and the Kharif that brings the south-west monsoon to soak Dhofar. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rub\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 Al-Khali - none have ever crossed the heart of it. It is a name of terror throught rbia. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two kinds of tribes: those who you have a blood feud with, and those who dont. Both want your camels and arms, the second want your life as well.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It hs become difficult to be a pioneer. THe world has been done. THere are only the adventurers now, this new breed of fanatic: rangy large-toothed guys seeking not knowledge or even territory but novelty, managed suffering, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Experience\u8221\'94, mterial, sponsorship - K2 by canoe, the Amazon by bike, the North Pole on stilts. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A brief catlike rigidifying, then the recovery of sangfroid.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 I could feel his breath on my eyeballs - breathing the same air.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We had left the peripheral gravel plains behind. Underfoot was a floor of cracked white clay dusted with red sand. Between us and the mountainous pink dunes that fomred the horizon were only two salt bushes, long dead. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As Nigel spoke, the realisation was dawning on me that I would die if Hassan, our guide, did not return. Never before had I known so intensely my life\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s dependence on another. It was as if I had been dosed with poison whose antidote he alone possessed. And where was Hassan?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rolling scrolls of circulation (wind) are known as Hadley Cells.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Deserts in equator, but als, Along the western coasts of the continents, se winds cool the air, reducing its capacity to hold moisture and preventing the formation of clouds, contributing to the creation of \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91coastal\u8217\'92 deserts such as Chile\u8217\'92s Atacama and southern Africa\u8217\'92s Namib. This effect is amplified in the southern hemisphere by the influence of anti-clockwise ocean gyres, which carry cold water to the west coasts of the continents. Meanwhile, winds arriving from the east have surrendered any moisture to the parched land. Moreover, the sheer remoteness and size of many deserts - thos of australia and central asia - mean that vapour from the sea simply can\u8217\'92t reach them. So dryness is partly a factor of isolation. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In Oman fertile land exists in two thin strips: the arable corridor of Batinah, which runs north-west from Muscat; and in the south the Dhofar coastal plain, where Salalah lies\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 When air confronts a ountain range, such s the jabl Qara, it cools as it climbs, forming rainclouds that sap its moisture. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We entered the nejd, a rubbled karstland dissected by broad wadis that had not run for generations and scattered with cement-coloured bergs of limestone. Pink sand had been banked along the road\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eastern verge by last night\u8217\'92s winds.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The alluvial boulders strewing the hamadah became rocks; the rocks became smaller black nodules of basalt, laid down in rows upon the paler grit as if by a harrow. THe land had been progressively degraded, growing flatter and smoother as it became drier.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hasan was from a mountain tribe. He had a neat black beard and a steady, strategising gaze of  the kind I associate with both artists and military men\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 He wore a white headcloth, and a white dishdasha, grease-fingered across its front. ON his feet were perished black rubber sandals. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dust devils shimmied in the middle distance. You blinked and they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d vanished. In the heat-haze the horizon lifted like a page in a draught. For eighty kilometeres just these gavel plains, more relentless in their aridity than even the Empty Qurter\u8217\'92s heart. At least in the Sands, for Bertram Thomas and his retinue, there had been occasional waterholes; here, for camel-days, there would be nothing, not so much as a frond of ailing saltbush, and no shelter for anything bigger than an invertebrate.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There had been a quiet sifting of the land as we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d dropped down from the mountains: solid to particulate, coarse to smooth, hard to soft; almost indiscernable.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A boulder warmed will expand; cooling it will contract. Repeated over a hundred thousand days and nights, the opposing pressures will begin to undo the rock\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s integrity. Tiny fractures will appear and widen; in high-altitude deserts frost will enter these cracks and jemmy them apart; salt will seep into the rocks as a solution and in crystallising expand the cracks still further (a process known as salt-jacking). The boulder thus divides and subdivides, spalling and flaking and crumbling, and with the wind and water, the pieces will be dispersed. And so mountains become boulders, and boulders rocks, and rocks stons, then gravel, shingle, grit sand - ultimately, dust. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rising from the plains, the dunes were visible from twenty kilometers away. After the hours of ash-like grey and pale cracked clay, it was as if we were nearing a new reality, one that seemed as gorgeous and auspicious, from afar, as the world of dreams. Here was a place for a checkpoint, I thought, a true border. I sensed Hassan\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s relief. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 From the desert\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s edge, crescent dunes no bigger than whales encroached on to the plain like scouts sent ahead of a vast school clamouring to their rear. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Religious ablution (ritual washing)}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We entered the dunes and almost instantly it was impossible to tell in which direction lay the plains we had just come across. To one lost in a maze, teh outer passages are indistinguishable from the interior. I was reminded that one of the Arabic words for desert is a synonym of labyrinth. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The dunes at the desert\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s edge were beach-size, but kilometere by kilometee their stature grew. It was like nothing I had experienced save for being at sea. As if hassan were piloting a skiff over choppy straits, our path up and down the dunes assumed a rhythm: a pass identified; a roar of acceleration; then the momentary sensation of equivocation on the wind stropped cresst, before the sudden plumet. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After an hour we found Mohammed\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Land Cruiser in the centre of a flat rink of gypsum. Soran the camel was couched nearby. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Under the seat of his Land Cruiser he kept a ceremonial sword, which he would sometimes unsheathe and, with a glance to ensure you were watching, throw spearlike into a dune.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So loved was Mohammed by Soran that the mere sound of his vehicle approaching would send the camel into groans of exaltation. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I clambered barefoot to teh summit of a tall dune nearby. It took twenty minutes. The sand under my soles was losing its warmth, as if life were abandoning it. Like a pond it was cool beneath the surface. From there, maybe thirty meteres up, the desert laid out before me was brinkless, its coulours shifting by the second as the sun went down; but its vastness was not of the sublime kind that induces unease. The scale wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t belittling, because one had no sense of one\u8217\'92s own size in proportion to it. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Camels\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 night vision, Mohammed told me, is exceptional. \u8220\'93If your camel looks slowly left to right, it is a fox. If your camel stops chewing and stares into the darkness, something is wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Soran was yellow, with a dark bushy hackle along his spine, smaller than the all-black brutes loitering alongside the road from Thumrait. He wore a smile of beatific forbearance, and was the object of lavish tenderness on the part of Hassan and Mohammed - tenderness born of respect, even love. They would no more shout at or beat him than they would the sagest of grandfathers. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The main quality sought in a desert campsite, other than shade from the sun as it rises, is shelter from the wind. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s thought that most of the dunes accumulated some million years ago, during the Late Quaternary period, when winds even stronger than today\u8217\'92s winnowed sand from both the wadis of the peninsula\u8217\'92s interior and the Arabian Gulf. The wind continues to be a potent presence: it shapes and reshapes the dunes, and , during the day, is as constant as the sun. The sun heats the morning sands, the warm air rises and must be replaced. Hence the wind ubiquitous in desert literature. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Army sent to vanquish the lord of the desert wind. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bertram Thomas: story of a party of the Mahra tribe who pursued a band of camel raiders into a part of the desert unknown to them, only for a wind to rise and obliterate the tracks they had been following. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Six months later one of my own party of rashidis came upon the seven skeletons and the bones of their camels.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 THe desert is mobile and wind its engine. The wind shapes the dunes. To travel in the Empty Quarter is to see their forms - \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93species\u8221\'94, as they are known - in their infinite permutations. The desert is formed chiefly of the uruq variety (from the arabic \u8216\'91vein\u8217\'92 ), towering parallel ridges sometimes tens of kilometers long, and crescenet-shaped barchans(From \u8220\'93horn\u8221\'94), whose tips point in the direction of the prevailing wind. But few deserts, even the great ergs or \u8220\'93sand seas\u8221\'94 of the Sahara, ar forme dof sand alone. In the southern marches you experience not a pure dune-land, an endless beach, but a rather a complex of arenas. THe sand is quartz; anything softer will be ground to dust and blown away. Each surface grain accumulates a rind of ferric oxide, and it is this that accounts for the arabian dune\u8217\'92s characterisitic redness. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The dunes are spearated by Shuquq, interdune corridors - elongated plaines of brown gravel and white gypsum; while the dunes are barriers exahausting to man, camel, and vehicle alike, these flat plains are the desert\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s highways. From their edges archaologist have recovered the bones of water buffalo, the shells of freshwater molluscs, and the teeth of hippopotami. For, some twenty five-thousand years ago, during a cold phase, these plains were lakes. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 IT was where the sand melded into a gypsum plain that two ravens came to inspect me, as I was walking alone the following morning, soon after dawn.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sulphurous water - there is no water so tainted, that a thirsty camel will not drink it.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That night, nigel was in pain. HIs inner thighs brused from the hours of riding\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 but eh was genial and solicitous, and from time to time he woudl get up from his cmp chair to speak tenderly to soran, to stroke his muzzle and feed him flatbreads. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Better to be straddling a camel, miles from the nearest waterhole, than hemmed in by men made from beeswax and snuff}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 You might trvel to escape the self, but in the desert of all places, where there is little else, you are thrown back upon your mind and your body with intensified force. Quietness offers no liberation, after all: there had been midnights when I swear my libido - whatever it consists of - was audible (somewhere between a stiff door and a backed up drain). Nope, the body was there; the body was there more than ever, and with it all its claims.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A badu asked for the heart of another pure black speciment which he proposed to eat whole because of some virtue it possessed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The desert was not only vast: there was intimacy in its involutions and granularity- the cool mouth of a tunnel dug by a mouse; the arc scribed by a windblown strand of vegetation; the campfires dome of light. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sands,\u8221\'94 wrote Thomas, \u8220\'93are a public diary\u8230\'85 No bird may alight, no wild beast or insect pass but needs must leave its history.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A frission passed between us when his quick marks resolved into recognisable form. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its glutted smirk. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy drawing in th sand. Again and again, between animals, there was the woman. When she first appeared he laughed, as if she had come unbidden; we both laughed. But then, as the face emerged, he became quiet with concentration. THe point of the twig moving across teh sand was suddenly the desert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s centre. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hour after hour,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Thesiger wrote, \u8220\'93Day after day, we moved forward and nothing changed; the desert met the empty sky always the same distance ahead of us. Time and space were one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stillness - but the desert is not still. As a shaping force, the wind has a quality that water lacks: the ability to flow uphill. From the pinnacle of a dune a skein of spindrift is spun into the sky; along a dune-brink, a hundred tiny cyclones shimmy in line; a sheet of sand scuds over a ridge like a spool of paper rushing through a press. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The desert is refashioning itself. Nod off in an exposed place and you will wake to find you have been partnered by a buttress of sand, The smallest twig will accumulate a humb in its lee. It is how the mega dunes began. Subtly the desert is in motion. }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Father of European monasticism, John Cassian, who had lived for years in Wadi Natrun, described condition known as accidie, which, he said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93we ma describe as tedium or perturbation of heart. It is akin to dejection, and especially felt by solitaries, a persistent and objnoxious enemy of those who dwell in the desert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tinnitus, deafness, reaction from noiselessness of the deasert}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Without witnesses, how do you conduct yourself? In the secrecy of any imagination, to what extremes might the mind wander? I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d found I was drawn to the lawlessness of the desert; not only the way norms might be suspended but how, in the absence of regulation or judgement, the word good itself was loosed from meaning. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nuclear bombs tested in the desert.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Coming upon your own tracks you made 4 years earlier}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fence to stop camels from falling in - similar to seals on a cliff, they just have no concept of height, of falling, having never come into it before. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A characteristic of eucalyptus is that its bark peels off in long ribbons, and at yalata these ribbons hung from the limbs and swung back and forth under a slight breeze.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At first I mistook the low intermittent roar I kept hearing for jets, but I realised that it was only the noise the wind made in the dry boughs of the malee. Although it was not particularly loud, there was somehow a massive suppressed energy contined within it, like the enrgy of a rally waiting to be addressed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was also the liberty the desert permitted: the moral liberty available to us in drems, the liberty to perpetrate outrages.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Anangu\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s relationship with the land is a matter of religion. You do not, for example, clear a waterhole in order to maintain a watersupply, but because it is your obligation to the ancestors. Your lawful obligation. THere is no founding myth of alienation from nature no Fall, for the distinction doe not exist: there is no \u8220\'93nature\u8221\'94 to be alienated from. The desert is a place neither of banishment nor of tonement. It is not  your proving ground. It is not your sanctuary. It is not St. Antony\u8217\'92s relm of demonic temptation; nor, above all, is it the \u8220\'93hideous blank\u8221\'94 of the pioneers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The desert monotheisms tip their heads skywards, seek divinity in the heavens. Anangu know that it is the land, the ground beneath the feet, where the creative spirit resides. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With whom was a white man expected to sign a treaty? Could a wandering black be said to \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93own\u8221\'94 a claypan or a mountain? Does the dingo own the plain he crosses in search of food? Does the kangaroo own the rockhole he pauses to drink from?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now, to shoot a dog in front of an aboriginal person is a real big nono. Because tey treate those dogs like children. Literally like children. They sleep with the dogs, they use them for hunting, the use them to keep warm. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve seen a dead bitch with six pups there, and the old girls will walk straight over - the dog might have got run over - and the pups will be looking for the mother for milk. THe girls will walk straight over, grab the whole six pups, and they\u8217\'92ll go to the young women, and they might have a baby on the tit, they\u8217\'92ll give them two pups, and she\u8217\'92ll put a pup on the tit straightaway.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Edie when she entered the shower blcok was relieved to see another black woman: but when she spoke to her she received no answer; the woman merely stared. It took her a moment to understand that she had spoken to her reflection, that she was lone.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He went to sleep in the rain drunk, and got pneumonia and died.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Whenever a white man finds something of value to him in any aboriginal area the aborigines are pushed aside, he said.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93This individual was placing the affairs of a handful of natives above those of the British Commonwealth of Nations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 - }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 150 km of peak-and-trough sandhills. Occasionally camels could be spotted milling in mobs between trees. Ahead of us was the claypan, a two-km wide disc of red like an unglazed plate glowing in a kiln. Emu Field. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In its clarity the air was to normal air as normal air is to water. It was as if I had been given back the vision of childhood. It is a characteristic of arid places, this clarity caused by the absence of vapour. Claypans are ephemeral lakes, basins into which surface water will drain when there is sufficient precipitation, carrying with it fine sediment. In arid environments, where evaporation exceeds precipitations, such basins are usually covered with water only briefly and shallowly for a few days each year. What chiefly characterises claypans - like theyr counterparts, playas - is their flatness, their furface being graded and swept afresh with each inundation of water. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The floor of the pan, scarcely rising or falling so much as a centimetre in elevation across the entire five square kilometers of its expanse, was cracked into irregular polygons and scurfing like a eucalyptus, and each of its palm sized scales shoe with a fine and perfect salt glaze. It was like walking over the surface of an old oil painting. The gloss added to the illusion o fwetness; where it reflected thesky, the ground was blue. A last cruelyt to the dying trveler. The appearance tryly was of water, even from a fairly short distance, like the ghost of its last flooding. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I followed a line of prints, camel prints made when the pan was wet, gouged deep andmessy, the pan-surface littered with the scuffed up clay. Despite their soggy appearance the prints and the clay alike were, of course, hard and unyielding as terracotta. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The world was assuming the mauve tinge of night}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A few weeks earlier a man\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s body had been found in the northern territory alongside his bogged car with a note: he\u8217\'92d been collecting brush to put under his wheels for traction, and had been snakebit.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Desert people white and black, accustomed to the phenomena of the desert and knew that dust storms did not make their approach in windless silence. - inject this into ch1 where elrahat is summoning.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The camp moved twice - each time there is a death. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 But emplymentwas not enough to tempt them to set foot here. It was not just that it had been made hazardous and a place of grief, or that they were haunted, it was more that to go there was akin to necrophilia. THe land was dead, and only the mad consort with corpses.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If the desert is a hiding place for human crimes it is also an abyss into which those who shame, disgust or threaten us may be swept.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In china, people exiled to the desert. Families of criminals who had been executed for, say, murder, or incest, or treason. Disgraced government officials, or troublemakers, who had criticised official corruption or associated with ocnvicted trators. Ttooed on both temples like a double stamp of lading: your crime on the right; on the left your destination. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Whereas for indigenous australians the desert is an infinite mosaic of symbols and storie, they hyper-arid deserts of china have figured as mere interstices, or collectively as a dread realm entered under duress or to reach the next oasis, even among those who populate the desert\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s edge. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 V\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94The wester roads are difficult and bad;sand streams stretch far and wide; evil sprites and hot winds, when the y come, cannot be avoided.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The blacksmith\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s son was \u8216\'91so profligate that his father took a sledge-hamer and crushed his head as he lay asleep\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Inspired by sorrow too heavy for the careful balance of literary values, yet unbearable unless expressed in words.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 West was teh Gobi, a rugged, ash-coloured plain coated with grit and low clumps of tamarisk and camel thorn. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was impossible to know where one named desert ended and the next began, where Gobi became black gobi, where gashun gobi degenerated into the kumtag desert and the salt-fields of lop nor, where the threshold was between lop nor, and the taklamakan. And no sooner had I established that one desert lay here and another there, or that this one abutted that, than I read or was told that, no, the black gobi ends here and teh gashun gobi is not there, but five hundred kilometers north.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A solitary christian grave could be made out, with its double headstone, epitatphs sand-scoured to illegibility. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Personal friendships were slightly scorned in the toostrong mental atmosphere of evangilne\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s home, where anything approaching sentimentality was anathema. She herself was \u8216\'91robustuous, obstreperous, and rebellious, and convinced that there was something so essentially wrong with the world that nothing but revolution could set it right. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her terrifying task was to tame herself in the glorification of God.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Barriers around the city to ward off sand.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}