{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Above, the roof was invisible, but I knew that beyond it was rather more than 300 metres of solid rock. As I worried and fretted about how to get down this hole, my friend Kevin offered encouragement. " Can't you get a move on? I'm freezing."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 he principle was similar to putting a rawl plug into plaster. The execution was more difficult.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~as the blackness unfolded between my feet I felt the intoxicating lurch of high- grade adrenalin.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were boulders, big ones, coming into view. Twenty-five metres down I touched bottom. Reassuringly confined at the top, the shaft had belled out: I was standing in a large cavern, curved strata stretching beyond vision in stacks against the walls. A little waterfall flowed into a pool and began a streamlet, flowing away into the high corridor beyond. I filled my lungs and shouted, testing the echo: "Kev! Rope free! It's enormous..."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We leaned over the edge, looking into a small chamber with a slot at the far end. Kev picked up a rock. "Just listen to this," he said. He tossed the rock through the slot. I expected to hear it land. but there was silence. After a long age of seconds a stupefying, far-off boom rumbled below. We climbed down into the chamber and threw more rocks, hiding our terror with hysterical laughter.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Six seconds before they hit the bottom, Kev. That makes it 180 metres deep. The height of the Post Office Tower. God's Holy Trousers!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Earlier in the century there had been an iron mine at Los Lagos, and the British mining engineer constructed the track to supply it. He had also constructed the mine, and when it collapsed, killing some local miners, the survivors of the accident lynched him.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 in low-lying hills around Los Lagos and other areas along the northern coast, where subterranean streams had cut out mainly horizontal cave systems. The early expeditions didn't have the technical capability to cope with caves of a more vertical nature, with many large underground drops; overhanging, smooth and wet. The largest drop they could manage was about 120 metres, roughly the size of Gaping Gill Main Shaft in Yorkshire.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 John was large and square, and seemingly impervious to pain or discomfort. He looked rather like the product of spare part surgery, and perhaps what had happened was that they had left out the pain centre. Graham, by contrast, was small, shy and exceptionally strong. He was very good at getting through the tighter sections in caves, and he did this by intelligent wrigglings, whereas John made his way by battering his body against the rock until it gave way. In the contest between John's flesh and the age-old hardened limestone, John invariably won}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Oil lamp.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dual carriageway 6 miles long}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A thin winter fog muffled the distant lamps of the town. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Simon fowler was trudging up the road next to me and seemed to feel a vague responsibility for hte setback. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Virgin passage. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s incredible. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 y back to bed through snow that sparkled with starlight.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were sounds of clanking enamel mugs and plates outside. We were being urged to get up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 beyond which gentle slopes planted with conifers gave way to screes, crags and snowfields, dominated by the towering bulk of two huge peaks.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I had never been to the Alps: these were the biggest mountains I had seen. Simon observed my wonder. "Pretty impressive, eh?" He pointed, tracing a high line over ridges towards the far horizon. "Ario is up there." His finger moved round, and came to rest in the direction of a vertical cliff on the opposite side of the Lagos meadow. "The path begins right there."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 a viciously steep and sweaty climb on muddy scree, with only a short respite before the shorter Sod Three. Still the ground rose, the path following a long dry valley. On its other side bleached bare limestone soared to 2,000-metre peaks, and everywhere dark holes and depressions bespoke the existence of caves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Again, I had been unprepared for the magnificence of the surroundings. Straight ahead, across the Cares Gorge, the towers of the central massif stood in a serrated row like the teeth of a giant animal. On our side, the nearby peak of Jultayo began the main ridge of the Macizo de Cornion, a jagged, diagonal spine. Looking back that first morning, cloud had come from the sea, filling the lower valleys, leaving the massif floating free in the sunlit air. Fifty metres away Xitu's entrance opened in a fold in the ground. We threw a rock in and a sound of startled cawing echoed from below: a mother crow flapped her wings and emerged briefly from the shaft. It seemed unlikely that the birds would be able to put up with the intrusion from cavers for long.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The way led over boulders and a greasy slope, beneath cracked and dry stalactites into a comfortable room: Customs Hall. It had been well named: the anteroom to Xitu's further secrets. Cutting a swathe through its floor was a black, vertical fissure. We held our breath and ceased movement: faintly, from far below, the fissure emitted the sound of a tumbling stream.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 a simple chimney climbed by pushing against the opposite walls with back and feet.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~Soon the hole between our feet was frighteningly deep. The floor was out of sight and rocks we knocked from our footholds took uneasy seconds to clatter to a halt. We reached an awkward move, between a boulder jammed in the passage and a fragile-looking platform. Stuck to the walls were banks of cemented pebbles, legacy of the time when they had formed the bed of a stream which had long ceased to flow. "Is this the bold step, Mike?" I asked. Mike didn't know, but thought not. We continued.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "No, this isn't it. We're not there yet." To my horror and amazement he started traversing round the hole on the cemented pebbles, which I had already found to be untrustworthy and friable. "For fuck's sake be careful..." He made it to the other side and seemed to be standing on solid rock. I looked around and discovered an easier way to cross the hole, climbing on good limestone.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~The fissure had gone: a short flat passage led to a wall of boulders. There was an obvious route through, reached by climbing high and squeezing through a narrow gap between the rocks. On the far side we climbed down again, into a much bigger, winding gallery, with more of the pebbles on both walls and floor.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the pebbles in the floor merely another unstable cemented bank which might give way at any moment.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Finally the truth sank in. Beyond the slope, the tunnel descended gently again, larger now, with a floor of indisputable solid rock, broken by shining crystal pools. "Mike, you are a twit. You can't possibly have got this far."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "No, I suppose you're right." Seizing on his mistake, I demanded the right to name the new cave. My heart beat faster as I always thought it should when exploring galleries never seen before: I felt irritated and angry that Mike's poor memory had denied me this pleasure during the preceding section. I had promised my friend Tess to name something after her: to Mike's weak protests I declared the Teresa Series officially open. Had I foreseen the ribaldry which would later accrue from the rest of the expedition and from other cavers for years to come I would have chosen an alternative. But the name stuck.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was still more: another sandy crawl, some fine, rocky tubes and wide, high rifts. More than half a kilometre from what we now knew to be the bold step, we came to a stop. So far, the passage had been rising and falling but keeping to the same mean level. It was clearly an example of a phreatic cave, that is one formed without airspace under hydraulic pressure, which meant water could cut a path upwards as easily as down.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~Holes in the floor afforded a glimpse of deeper galleries below, where pools glistened, reflecting our lights. Another climb, and then a junction: one way led to an aven, the other appeared to be the way on.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 eat another piece of dried out Spanish bread and mysterious green jam.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Black walls plunged uniformly below the surface of the water, thick mud everywhere suggesting that the water backed up a long way in times of high water.\~}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But the rock was as vertical below the surface ass above: a proper flooded shaft.\~}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Trevor Neathaway urinated over its edge and christened it Servicio, the Spanish for lavatory.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~realising too late his terrible mistake: the wet wetsuit had effected a coitus interruptus}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Gap. The hole in the floor of the chamber dropped into the middle of a cavern of breathtaking dimensions}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~The rope touched the sides in a series of abrasion points all the way down, but at least it was securely anchored. The size of the chamber filled us with awe.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here, huge rocks were balanced on impacted mud.\~}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a scrunching sound, a strangled yelp, and John was tipping backwards, head first. He bounced once at the bottom of the climb and slid on, down to the bottom of the boulder pile: in all, a fall of more than seven metres. His light was out. Leaning out from the lip of the climb, I saw him staggering blindly, trying to find somewhere to sit down. There was blood on his face.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Addicted to the silence of the falling rocks, we select another each and traverse out along the rift to see if we can get an even longer fall. Dave throws his out but the interval is still no more than five and a half seconds. He points to the slot below us, where we sit braced across with our backs and feet.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unlike British limestone, the rock in the Picos contains large quantities of razor-sharp authigenic quartz needles, and the sand through which one often had to crawl in Xitu would have made a good grinding paste.\~We all wore rubber gloves to protect our hands, but many of us were developing painful septic sores on the fingers caused by the needles working their way under the skin - the 'Ario Festers'.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At the entrance, I couldn't believe it: daylight yet again. Another 21 hour trip."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Needs to pause to eat.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here we are, more than 600 metres down, 10 hours from the surface, drying tracing paper over a carbide light so we can measure a few more metres of passage. It's so stupid I begin to feel really good for the first time on this trip.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dave said, if we went at it, to rig the entire cave and push on into new passage. Skunk didn't say much about this, which was a sign he agreed. Dave insisted that we should rig the whole of the entrance series next day. Everyone was sceptical: it meant carrying an awful lot of stuff up the hill and there surely wasn't time.\~}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I was terribly, terribly unfit. In Oxford I had rather foolishly bought an extra-specially large rucksack, into which I should be able to fit everything I needed to go caving. I was paying heavily for this mistake, because my extra-specially large rucksack was now crammed full of an extra-specially large load of ladders and ropes. I was carrying very much more than any other member of the expedition would, and comforted myself with this thought as I plodded along slowly behind Dave, whose rucksack obviously weighed next to nothing.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What...what's happened, Dave?" I asked, expecting the worst.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "I've lost my bloody contact lens, dammit!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Thank God it's only that; I thought it was something terrible."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "It is terrible! I shall be wearing glasses in all the photos from now on."}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some people had epics in that rift, with vast amounts of sweat and energy used to go only a few yards. Later on in the expedition Chris Danilewicz, a geology student who had just joined the army, got stuck for more than an hour. He slipped down in the central part and was thoroughly jammed, trying time and again to free himself whilst his four companions waited patiently on the far side for him to get out. The rift was far too narrow and difficult for them to have helped him, and eventually, cold and impatient, they realised this. As the stuck man wasn't in any real danger they might as well get out and begin making supper. Furthermore, his jammed body was just the thing they needed to make their own trip through simple - they could walk over the top of him! It is said to this day that he has them down on his personal hit list.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ^^^^^^^^Pyetle gets stuck and only he can get him out.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~have never been so close to being killed before or since. With the main drop directly below me, I had lowered myself over the edge, intending to reach a ledge 2 metres down of the right with my feet. I was clasping with both hands to the firm edge of what I thought was simple a ridge of rock in the floor of the passage above. I was fully committed when I realised that the ridge was a boulder pinned only with dry, dusty mud. It was moving. As it slid, so I began to slide into the hole beneath.\line Richard saved me with a hand under one armpit. I grabbed his arm and my legs dangled. The boulder moved down my body and fell free, reaching the bottom with a booming retort. I scrabbled for land.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Still Skunk and Keith sat chatting in the refugio, smoking endless Winstons and chewing bread and tinned pate. Keith spent a long time trimming the ends of yet more cigarettes so that they fitted in his waterproof case. To fond and envious farewells, they left at last at two.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 To rig the last drop into what appeared to be a chamber containing a deep pool, we stood on a calcite bridge across the shaft. John and Richard bolted furiously while I played a wailing blues harmonica, spurring them to complete the work more quickly than might otherwise have been the case. I was just getting into the theme from the Old Grey Whistle Test, when John handed me a rope.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "For fuck's sake get on down. We can't take any more."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Keith ended his entry in the log with a recommended list of tackle for 37-hour pushing trips: Four times normal cigarette supply; ammo can of either valium or librium; cyanide capsule (only to be used in extremis); spare limbs to replace those belted against rock walls; spare boots, light, undersuit, oversuit, SRT gear, knackers; replacement crutch, to be used when the first one is chafed by furry suit and harness out of existence; replacement brain, to be used when first one is worn out of existence by lack of sleep.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Take this, Richard." As he spoke a hissing came from deep within the bag, and the air in the rift began to smell more and more of butane. Graham. Ever cost-conscious, he had given us a half-used butane stove to take 800 metres down a pothole, and had merely switched the thing off with an easily dislodged tap. I felt for my carbide flame and singed my hand as I put it out. "John," I said, "you and I are stuck in a squeeze with a bomb. I prevail on you to put your flame out with all possible despatch." By the time we emerged from the rift, we had headaches from the camping stove, which had finally run out. Fortunately we had spare cylinders.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One wall was clean overhanging rock, the other a series of boulders stacked on top of each other like cinema seats for as far as the eye could see. We began to unpack while Skippy organised a cup of tea.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He made Richard retrieve it by moving a good part of the floor before we were allowed to sit in a circle round the pot and eat, each of us watching eagle-eyed to make sure that no one got more than his fair share.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~I had not bothered to take a caving lamp with me and on its own a single candle cast an unreliable and shadowy light. When I returned the others were levering themselves into their hammocks. I was the biggest, followed by John. He was having great difficulty, and I watched him for hints. It looked impossible uncomfortable to me, but once in John insisted that he had never been more cosy.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Immediately below the pitch, the passage formed a glorious, clean-washed corridor in green, marbled rock. Negotiating the deep lake, we reached the next section of rift, and the upward squeezes leading to the next pitch.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But a day before the camp was due to leave, Keith could hardly walk. Since his thirty-five-hour epic, his knee had stayed swollen, red and filled with fluid. It was so painful that he had not even been able to walk to Los Lagos to carry food or visit the bar, and he had spent the week since his accident miserably immobilised at the refugio. "I might as well go home," he said. "It's much worse being here and not being able to go caving."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The situation called for desperate remedies, and one was proposed by Eduardo. He knew an old mountain shepherds' trick for reducing inflammation, he said. It would be painful, but had been known to work.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eduardo disappeared into the kitchen. The smell of vinegar wafted out. He returned with a poultice, made, he said, of boiling vinegar and salt. Gritting his teeth Keith extended his leg and Eduardo slapped the poultice onto his livid knee.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Aaaargh...arrrr...errrg...arrr." There was no doubting the pain Keith was in. His face had gone grey, and his eyes seemed sightless as he tried to keep the poultice on. Finally he could take no more and flung it away, still gasping.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Our medical officer, Richard, had assumed that the swelling and inflammation were caused simply by the impact of Keith's knee against the wall of the cave. But that afternoon, to his and Keith's amazement, the knee began to point. A dot of white appeared among the redness. It had been an abscess all along. Richard remembered one of the cardinal rules of his trade: "The good surgeon never lets the sun set on undrained pus." By teatime, Keith's knee was ripe for puncture, and a pint of poison spilled out. It began to return to its normal size and colour. By evening, Keith was walking with only a slight limp. Next day even that was gone. He dressed the knee and ran up the hill behind the refugio. The treatment had worked. He joined the camping party. As the group of five made their way to the cave a mist rolled in from the gorge, obscuring them and everything. When I saw them again, I thought, Xitu would be one of the deepest caves in the world.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I chewed mine, which precluded any conversation, so tried instead to imagine what a kilometre of rock looked like...half a mile's worth of limestone that had been scrunched into place by the titanic forces that were moving Africa northwards, and being slowly eroded by this stream. The down- climbing had made my wrist injury start to bother me again, and I noticed Skunk was rubbing his damaged elbow.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I couldn't believe how difficult it was, more than 1,000 metres down. We had expected a huge master cave, but instead were required to slide and stretch between jammed blocks which threatened to tumble and crush the insignificants who had disturbed the peace of the centuries.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~It was much bigger than we had imagined: 30 metres or more to the other side, where the walls plunged sheer into the water. It was clear with a perfect, turquoise transparency, and we could see that the lake was very deep indeed.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We had been three nights underground, although we had spent only two periods asleep. The sunshine was blinding, and we squinted as we lay exhausted on the grass. The colours of the sky and hills were as vivid as if we had been given sight for the first time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 our checking things while we stood shivering, passing helpful comments like "for Christ's sake hurry up!" and "I don't think this rope's going to be long enough."}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At last he clipped his rack on the rope, but this was only a prelude to another 15 minutes of alterations and adjustments. By now we were blue with cold, and after threatening to castrate Keith and throw him down if he didn't get on with it, he was finally ready.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Without his death, we might never have gone back to the Picos. His own presence on the next expedition had been doubtful: after Xitu, he said, he didn't think deep vertical caves could ever have the same allure, and he had, he said, 'found the way on' - with air tanks on his belt. his losing that way stopped the rest of the team's accelerating drift apart. At his funeral in Wedmore, not five miles from where he died, we were together again, and after the Catholic priest had intoned what seemed to me a maddening ritual untruth about how lucky Keith was to get to heaven early, we sat with his parents, drinking whisky in celebration at our own survival and toasting the man that he had been. A few weeks later we had a dinner in Oxford. Graham would lead another trip. El Joon '82, a small reconnaissance, was on.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Alvaro had been a keen and expert climber until a serious fall left him wrecked. He was a short, powerful man with curly hair and long arms. Bulging muscles tugged at his T-shirt, which covered a scarred body. His left leg bent sideways at the knee, the bones knitted badly after his accident, so that as he walked he would lope along at great speed. His broken English was almost a parody of an accent, and lurching by my side he told me what had happened to him. His pidgin gave the story a simple horror.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Close up, the entrance was a terrifying, jagged rent in the earth. Fifty metres away, among the grassy boulder slopes and clumps of startling alpine flowers this gateway to hell was invisible.\~Large square-winged Egyptian vultures circled the cliffs in the rising thermals, and also small thrushlike birds known locally as Perdices. Sometimes the silence was broken by a falling rock, and there would be a flurry of movement high on a cliff face - shy rebeccos, the chamois of the Picos. These small deer, though the timidest of creatures, would gaze at the cavers from a vantage point on the skyline, baffled no doubt as we grunted and sweated along with our heavy packs. They were incredibly agile, racing along the crags with enviable ease. Only once did I see one slip. As George and I rested on a small col, a pair of the delicate animals raced away from us up an apparently sheer face. Above them, the rock looked a severe proposition for a roped human, but as they stood abruptly motionless on a ledge there were perhaps seven hundred feet of precipice beneath their hooves.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Over the centuries, the entrance to C4 had acted as a giant funnel for frost-shattered rock, which had tumbled down to make a great pile of underground scree. The ladder lay against the scree and for most of the way down seemed to be the only solid barrier preventing the whole lot from caving in on top of me. Only a few rungs down I could see that the way on at the bottom was hopeless, filled with razor-sharp boulders on every side. Yet just below the pitch head, set in one wall, was a square window into a much larger shaft. Stones fell down a long way before hitting anything.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~His broken English was almost a parody of an accent, and lurching by my side he told me what had happened to him. His pidgin gave the story a simple horror.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I have very luck. In Macizo Central I make climb - very difficult. Is winter. After finish climb, I descend and felled three hundred metres. I lie in snow for four hours before found, but all the time I..}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "I bring it. We have when finish cave."}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Ah!" he exclaimed. "Now is time for it! I have it in my bag."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With this he reached down into his bag and produced ham, sausage and a tube of gooey evaporated milk which he squirted into our mouths in turn. "Is good it, eh?"}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I knew from Keith's description that the way on was very obscure. We found it, almost buried under stones, below one wall: a low, flat-out crawl, leading to a bizarre little tube, barely big enough to enter, corkscrewing down. It was time to take a deep breath: impossible to see what lay below beyond my body filling the descending passage. I had to let myself go, trusting to Keith's account in the 1981 log that the tube did not suddenly open out into a large shaft. Soon I was reassured. It slowly enlarged and gave way to an easy climb down the wall of a big, dry and exceedingly pleasant corridor. "George!" I yelled, "this place is absolutely brilliant..."}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first 10 metres or so weren't extreme: the next five times that length were. The sludge, cold, grit-laden, viscous, was many inches deep. At different levels in the fissure were broad flakes, forcing one to press deeply into the filthy trench beneath them. Everything caught. The last part was the worst, contorting, unremittingly strenuous, appalling with the infuriating yellow tackle bags. Again it emerged onto a pitch, but a traverse led to a small ledge from which to belay. Even the roof was covered with mud here. We were still keen but it seemed wise to leave it for that day.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 we had drunk the lot. The lone Spanish walker staying at Ario had a hard time of it, as one by one the victims of the free market economy lurched across to the door, the born again fabada falling out to the eagerly awaiting goats. William was especially bad. Later, with everyone tucked up in the dormitory upstairs, his terrified yelp suddenly rent the night air:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Help, help! Am I being sick out of the window or over the edge of my bed?"}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Calcite - the stuff form which stalactites and stalagmites are made - is very weak rock.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~Dave had tried feebly to hammer, and the passage led off, a winding fissure with white, smooth walls. As we crawled in, they reflected our carbide flames, filling the passage with bright light.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The passage was of a type with French cavers call a meander, a narrow corridor winding both in plan and cross section. Movement in it was strenuous. As in the Xitu rift, we had to support ourselves without a floor in the widest part, and it was so narrow that it was impossible to face ahead. We thrutched sideways, looking over one shoulder, unable to turn our bodies or our heads.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \~"It goes! Come on down!" My last words echoed and re-echoed. Not much further - all easy going along the ledge - I was at the lip of a big shaft, booming and honking like a crazy foghorn and listening to the glorious reverberations coming back from below. My conversation with Richard - "get the tackle-ackle- ackle...don't forget the chocolate-olate-olate" - resounded mightily, the first human voice the cave had ever heard.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We sere soon stumbling in a bewildering maze of depressions, rises and descents. Even if we had wanted to, we would have been unable to find the relative haven of Top Camp again, and we clung to the bearing for dear life. Time and again we began steep downslopes: this at last must be the climb down to Lagos, I thought. But pausing for a spot of awkward boulder scrambling at the bottom, the bearing took us inexorably up again. William had ricked his knee and was going very slowly. Increasingly anxious, aware that the others would be well into their meal while darkness was approaching, Richard and I hurried ahead through the veil of rain. From a long way behind, invisible, William made urgent pleas for us to wait. When he caught up, he showed the first signs of exposure.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At one time, the water from the Font had flowed off at quite a shallow angle into a wide passage. With the centuries, it had found a weakness in the rock and cut down in a new, thinner slot - Stead's Braille Blunder and the impassable rift beyond. As in many other cases - perhaps rainfall had once been higher - the old way was big enough for cavers, and the new was not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We had all agreed on putting up a memorial to Keith, but felt a little uneasy, knowing that he himself had been very rude about a similar plaque to a caver in Black Shiver Pot in Yorkshire. The caves are permanent, he had said, but we are transitory. In the end, we decided to put it at the bottom of Xitu's steep entrance climb, where it would be seen by future cavers and those making more than a casual inspection, but not by walkers on their way to the refugio. It was made of stainless steel and read:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A badu asked for the heart of another pure black speciment which he proposed to eat whole because of some virtue it possessed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The desert was not only vast: there was intimacy in its involutions and granularity- the cool mouth of a tunnel dug by a mouse; the arc scribed by a windblown strand of vegetation; the campfires dome of light. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sands,\u8221\'94 wrote Thomas, \u8220\'93are a public diary\u8230\'85 No bird may alight, no wild beast or insect pass but needs must leave its history.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A frission passed between us when his quick marks resolved into recognisable form. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its glutted smirk. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guy drawing in th sand. Again and again, between animals, there was the woman. When she first appeared he laughed, as if she had come unbidden; we both laughed. But then, as the face emerged, he became quiet with concentration. THe point of the twig moving across teh sand was suddenly the desert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s centre. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hour after hour,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Thesiger wrote, \u8220\'93Day after day, we moved forward and nothing changed; the desert met the empty sky always the same distance ahead of us. Time and space were one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stillness - but the desert is not still. As a shaping force, the wind has a quality that water lacks: the ability to flow uphill. From the pinnacle of a dune a skein of spindrift is spun into the sky; along a dune-brink, a hundred tiny cyclones shimmy in line; a sheet of sand scuds over a ridge like a spool of paper rushing through a press. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The desert is refashioning itself. Nod off in an exposed place and you will wake to find you have been partnered by a buttress of sand, The smallest twig will accumulate a humb in its lee. It is how the mega dunes began. Subtly the desert is in motion. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}