{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This page is blank because what can I say? What is there to steal? There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only the man there in those pages.  FUCK he\u8217\'92s got to be faking it. He is. No one is that real. He\u8217\'92s a writer. Writers write.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But enough bullshit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s something:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A peasant with a black beard and high leather boots stood beside the grave. The sexton stopped shovelling and straightened his back. The peasant in the high boots took the spade from the sexton and went on filling in the grave -> It\u8217\'92s the way he repeats \u8216\'91peasant in the high boots\u8217\'92  - reduces the man to a peasant in high boots. A prop. No room for dimension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NO pronouns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The reset of the time it was spoiled by the sun. We were both tired of the sun. You could not get away from the sun.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemingway: the only shadows were made by rocks or by they hut that was built under the protection of a rock beside a glacier, and in the shade the sweat froze in your underclothing. You could not sit outside the hut without dark glasses. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hemingway: German peasant came to bury his wife: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. He can only come, from where he lives, on skis until the snow melts. SO today he brought her in to be buried and the priest, when he looked at her face, didn\u8217\'92t want to bury her. You go on and tell it,\u8221\'94 he said to the sexton. \u8220\'93SPek German, not dialect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was very funny with the priest,\u8221\'94 said the sexton. \u8220\'93In the report to the commune she died of heart trouble. We knew she had heart trouble here. She used to faint in church sometimes. She did not come for a long time. She wasn\u8217\'92t strong to climb. When the priest uncovered her face he asked Olz, \u8216\'91Did your wife suffer much?\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91No,\u8217\'92 said Olz. \u8216\'91When I came in the house she was dead across the bed.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The priest looked at her again, He didn\u8217\'92t like it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91How did her face get that way?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91I dont know\u8217\'92, Olz said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91Youd better find out,\u8217\'92 the priest said, and put the blanket back. Olz didn\u8217\'92t say anything. THe priest looked at him. Olz looked back at the priest. \u8216\'91You want to know?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91 I must know\u8217\'92, the priest said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is where it\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 the innkeeper said. \u8220\'93Listen to this. Go on Franz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91 Well,\u8217\'92 said Olz, \u8216\'91when she died I made the report to the commune and I put her in the shed across the top of the big wood. When I started to use the big wood she was stiff and I put her up against the wall. Her mouth was open and when I came into the shed at night to cut up the big wood, I hung the lantern from it.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91 Why did you do that?\u8217\'92 asked the priest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8217\'92 said Olz.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91 Did you do that many times?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91Every time I went to work in the shed at night.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91It was very wrong,\u8217\'92 said the priest. \u8216\'91Did you love your wife?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 \u8216\'91Ja, I loved her,\u8217\'92 Olz said. \u8216\'91I loved her fine.\u8217\'92 \u8220\'93}}