{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Morning did not come all at once to the Junei Plain. There the sun rises behind a coastal mountain range, the Blackshells, and with each new day these mighty peaks throw a jagged blade of shadow across the desert. As the sun climbs up their backs its rays flood down onto the plain, and the mountains\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 shadow retreats to reveal a sea of pink sand dunes, white gypsum, and steppeland. By late morning, daylight reaches the black pebbled foothills, and then it creeps up their slopes and up the mountains until at last, an hour before noon, the whole of the Sand is lit. Then the heat gets into the air and it bakes the Earth and everything on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t many hides or holes that can keep out that dry, searing heat, but the closer you are to the peaks the longer you have in the morning to work. Mandrameen and Seculla sat atop the edge of one of the steep, black cliffs that overlooked a mountain pass - there the heat wouldn\u8217\'92t chase them away until the afternoon. They weren\u8217\'92t working, though.They were waiting. They were supposed to be waiting silently. But Mandrameen could never keep quiet, especially when he was sitting next to Seculla.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you see anything?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen asked. Seculla was scanning the red clay mountain path. It cut through outcrops of boulders and it wound through black screes until it shot through the ravine below them. It was empty as far as Mandrameen could see, but Seculla\u8217\'92s eyes were better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually, she shook her head, sat back, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see nothing at all. I heard it\u8217\'92ll be another, I don\u8217\'92t know, two hours until they get here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two hours,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen repeated. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not so bad. Maybe you can help me with something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No more poetry bullshit, Mandri,\u8221\'94 Seculla said with a sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen asked. \u8220\'93What else is there to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one gives a damn about poetry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s just not true.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give a damn about poetry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You just haven\u8217\'92t heard the right stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. I\u8217\'92ve heard your poetry. I don\u8217\'92t give a damn about }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  poetry.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not yet you don\u8217\'92t. But one day, Seculla, one day I\u8217\'92m going to melt your heart and I\u8217\'92m going to do it with words.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not unless you steal them. You\u8217\'92ve got no talent, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, in the meantime, you can humor me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen looked at Seculla with the most endearing smile he could muster. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the most handsome youth - his nose was a little too crooked for that - but Seculla could see that irresistible beauty that\u8217\'92s usually only seen by mothers, and she\u8217\'92d never seen it in anyone else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, fine,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93What do you want me to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen grinned and pulled a little reed scroll and a stick of charcoal out of his leather bag. He unfurled the scroll. It was filled on both sides with his rambling script, so he did what he could with his thumb to smudge out some scribblings to make space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Details,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I need you to give me details.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like before?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just like before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla looked around. On the cliff there was nothing. Just her and Mandrameen and a cold breeze. She tugged her wool cloak around her tighter. Behind them there was nothing but mountain peaks towering high into the sky. Below was the ravine,  the road, then the foothils, then two washes that spread out to the left and right, and then great Sand - same as it always was. Nothing caught her eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s you, me. Rock, cloud, and tree,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you rhyming? Please, Seculla.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay. There\u8217\'92s a swarm of gadflies over there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen looked to where she was pointing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. So there\u8217\'92s a swarm of gadflies What about them?\u8221\'94 He scribbled a little something on his scroll. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s odd how they swarm around each-other like that,\u8221\'94 Seculla said.  I mean, what\u8217\'92s in that particular pocket of air that just keeps them all hovering there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is odd, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said. \u8220\'93Its like they\u8217\'92re all tethered to some invisible spot. Wonder why they don\u8217\'92t all just fly around like other flies. They\u8217\'92ve got the entire sky. The ground too, if they wanted it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! There you go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They make a nice little metaphor, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94 Seculla asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do they? Ah, they do. Like us they\u8217\'92ve got all this freedom, they can go anywhere, they can fly, but they don\u8217\'92t really use it. They just buzz around in a comfortable circle. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, they can go anywhere - but you\u8217\'92re missing the point. They don\u8217\'92t go anywhere because they\u8217\'92re in the Sand. The most interesting thing around is each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s cute.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen scribbled another little something in his scroll.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you writing?\u8221\'94 Seculla asked. \u8220\'93Are you writing what I just said?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I am, maybe I\u8217\'92m not. You should learn to read.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come off it, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, so have you taken an interest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla looked away and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope. None whatsoever. Honestly, I don\u8217\'92t know why you try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen sighed and set the scroll aside, under his bag, so it wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t blow away.\u8220\'93Yes, this all might be useless. I\u8217\'92ve heard it said that, \u8216\'91every artist who has ever tried to capture the beauty of Nature has failed.\u8217\'92 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can agree with that.\u8221\'94 Seculla said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s because Art is seduction,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said. He gave Seculla a little nudge with his elbow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m listening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Art diverts attention away from what is really there to what the artist wants you to see. But nothing is more seductive than Nature.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Even I can\u8217\'92t match it\u8217\'92s grandeur and complexity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? It\u8217\'92s a matter of scale.\u8221\'94 Mandrameen continued. \u8220\'93Inside every \u8216\'91rock, cloud, and tree\u8217\'92 are systems within systems. Patterns within patterns for as far as it is possible to look. The shock of Nature\u8217\'92s beauty goes straight to the spinal cord, and if the mood is right, it hits with an intensity that\u8217\'92s just too strong, I think, for any artist to get near it. And it\u8217\'92s strongest here, in the Sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I prefer the Fordwell,\u8221\'94 Seculla said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Fordwell? No. Nothing focuses Nature\u8217\'92s beauty like the Sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d rather stand at the foot of the smallest waterfall then anywhere here in the Sand. This is a barren waste.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 exactly why it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s so potent - if you let it, the heat can pull the mind out from the body, like a cork from a bottle. If you are left to linger in the sun - near to death - then everything inside of you - your desires, your fantasies  - it all just evaporates. Then Nature\u8217\'92s beauty rushes in and it flushes the ego out into this barren world. It gets lost out here. The wide Sand. The open sky. Without an ego there\u8217\'92s nothing left for the inner eye to see except the truth about the edge between one\u8217\'92s self and the Universe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? You\u8217\'92ve had this spiritual experience?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, no. But it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 sounds}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  right. I mean, think of it: why else would all of the Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s religions be born in the Sand? It\u8217\'92s this!\u8221\'94 Mandrameen swept his arm wide over the landscape. }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 All}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  religions were born here?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The important ones were.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean really, think of it. Why else would they all be centered in Jeket, if not for this effect you read about in Shamur\u8217\'92s writings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, prophets and messiahs pop up in Jeket because of all the gold that runs through it. They\u8217\'92re not popping up in some broke shit-hole across the sea like Kukra because there\u8217\'92s no gold in Kukra.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, maybe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More than maybe. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a point, I\u8217\'92ll give you that. It reminds me of a thought I had: Gold is just as bright and immutable as the Divine. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, please stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I tell you about that? There\u8217\'92s a poem in it. Look at this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He reached into his bag and pulled out a small, soft, and sparkling nugget of pure gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri! The hell are you doing with that?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, I know, but I need it. Here, put it in your hand.\u8221\'94 He grabbed Seculla\u8217\'92s hand and placed the gold in her palm. \u8220\'93Now, what do you feel?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel like punching you. Ayram will fucking kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just look at the gold, Seculla. This thing was sitting in the dirt for who knows how long, and just look at it. Bright as Sol\u8217\'92s light. Roll it around in your hand. What do you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 feel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla did as instructed. She even did a little more - she tried to get into whatever mood Mandri was peddling. As she rolled the little nugget around in her hand she was struck by how drab it made everything else look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to hold a bigger lump,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94 Mandrameen  shouted. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it! You put it in your hand and you get struck with a yearning for more. It\u8217\'92s a yearning akin to spiritual rapture. It washes over you. You can lose yourself to it. I swear its the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 just like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  being touched by the Gods.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need to give this to Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a poem in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got the component parts.\u8221\'94 He unfurled his reed scroll a little more and flipped it over and began to read. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s the way that gold scintillates in the candlelight of a dark and cloistered room. Golden idols luring weak pilgrims out to the Sand\u8217\'92s depths. Hallowed places, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, this is fucking ridiculous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And the pilgrims, how they claim to hear whispered invitations }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 leaping}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  out of the rock, or out of the Sand or sky. And this is the crux: godless folk - this is you, poor Seculla - godless folk claiming that its just the whisperings of the gold, for they hear it too. They can hear it even while it sits in the ground, and just like pious men they devote their lives to the call.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it\u8217\'92s a subtle message.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 get}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just that it\u8217\'92s hardly an original thought. Gods versus Greed. Pilgrims versus gold. It\u8217\'92s that tortured, \u8216\'91who are you really serving\u8217\'92 sermon that you hear echoing down every back alley in Jeket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh that\u8217\'92s no matter,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he took the gold back from Seculla. He tucked it in his bag along with his scroll and charcoal. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s all in the execution,\u8221\'94 he continued. \u8220\'93A good artist can make anything sublime. Its just a matter of execution.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why are you always talking about it and not doing it? You\u8217\'92re always fetching \u8216\'91component parts\u8217\'92 of poems, but never actually writing them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seculla\u8230\'85Please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? I\u8217\'92m just saying that -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No - no,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said, cutting her off. \u8220\'93I know what you are saying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what am I saying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Seculla. You can\u8217\'92t rush art.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla groaned again and rolled her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94 Mandrameen repeated. His voice was pitching up, almost to a squeal. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hard going! Doesn\u8217\'92t come as easy as pulling a bowstring. I mean I\u8217\'92d like to see you try to - what are you looking at?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow was dead-set and her eyes were scanning the landscape below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Mandrameen whispered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen looked down and saw the distant speck of a giant of a man climbing up a knotted rope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So he is,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s finally time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla turned her eyes to the horizon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see a plume!\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a plume?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. It\u8217\'92s still a ways out. That\u8217\'92s gotta be a pretty big caravan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gods, I can\u8217\'92t wait,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said. \u8220\'93Haven\u8217\'92t killed anyone in weeks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, promise me you\u8217\'92ll give the gold to Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will not. What does he need it for? It\u8217\'92s only a small bit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you need it for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s for us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri. Fuck. I swear to the Gods if you-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s drop on down, shall we? I want to hear what Ayram and Pella are planning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla looked crossly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla lowered herself onto the cliff-face, and Mandrameen followed. It was a long but easy downclimb to the crag of rock where Pella, and now Ayram, stood. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen thought the sight of Ayram standing next to Pella was quite silly. Pella was the oldest and shortest of their band, and Ayram towered over her, tall and skinny, like the shadow of Death.  He was a good four heads taller. Taller than any man Mandrameen had ever seen. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help that Pella was bent over, peering through the lens of her scopic copper tube which was balanced upon a stick. She looked like a child next to him, swaddled up as she was against the wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time Seculla and Mandrameen alighted on the crag, Pella was already grumbling to Ayram. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something seems off,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shush your squawking, old crow,\u8221\'94 Seculla said playfully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shush my!? Shush yours, young pup!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen crept up behind Seculla and offered his support. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing to worry about, Pella. We\u8217\'92re simply too skilled to ever be captured.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re stupid, Mandri,\u8221\'94 Pella declared. \u8220\'93Skill has nothing to do with it. It\u8217\'92s caution that keeps you alive. Tell them, Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri and Seculla looked up at Ayram. He was so tall and stood so close on the cramped crag that they could hardly see his face. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Young pups don\u8217\'92t learn easy. Not till the prey fights back.\u8221\'94 Ayram\u8217\'92s voice was as deep and as gritty as he looked. It was like there was room enough in his broad chest for the sound to bounce around for so long that when it popped out of his mouth it was as ancient as the Earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My bones are a-rattling,\u8221\'94 Pella said. Her voice hoarse and scratchy from years of freeweed abuse. Even now there was a wrap smoldering away in her bony fingers.  She never went without it, especially when things were coming to a head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She leaned down again to spy the distant caravan through her scope. From this perch high in the strata of a sandstone cliff, she could pick out riders. Her eyes were still sharp. She could even count their number, all the way back to the rear of their column. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s seventy-two of them,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And there\u8217\'92s something unnatural as well. I don\u8217\'92t think we should go for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw, Pella,\u8221\'94 Seculla said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve not had a lick of blood for two weeks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be quiet. What are you even doing here. Ayram, tell them to go away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pella,\u8221\'94 Ayram began, \u8220\'93what do you mean \u8216\'91there\u8217\'92s something unnatural\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were sharp as any, but without aid of a scope he could only make out the dust cloud the quarry was kicking up - it billowed high into the air. It shone bright as the early morning light picked it out against the darker hues of the fleeing night. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s an odd fix about them.\u8221\'94 Pella said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An odd fix? You\u8217\'92ve counted seventy-two. That\u8217\'92s exactly how many Salavan said there\u8217\'92d be. This is the right time and place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t doubt your man in Jeket. But still, something is off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram kept silent to give Pella time to study the caravan. It would be stupid to ignore the mood of a woman whose misgivings had saved them time and time again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the way they ride,\u8221\'94 Pella concluded. She moved aside to let Ayram peer through the scope. \u8220\'93Have you ever seen a caravan guard ride three by three like that?\u8221\'94 she asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram bent down on one knee and put his eye to the rim of the brass eyepiece. The wagons and their guard quickly came into focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he replied. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think we should go for it,\u8221\'94 Pella repeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shrugged her off and took a moment to absorb the details. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were eight wagons, several more than the average for a gold train. The tight discipline of the riders made it easy to count their number: three by three as Pella had said. Hardly the ragged band of backwash from the Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conquests that passed for caravan hands this far out in the Sand. Ayram couldn\u8217\'92t make out any insignia or marks that might identify them as professional soldiers. Still, they were quite far out on the Junei plain, and Pella\u8217\'92s old scope was a little dusty. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram compared what he saw to the lay of the ambush that he had set up below. It was the most ideal spot to bushwhack such a heavily guarded merchant caravan. It was one of the few short and straight ravines through which a road actually passed. Its slopes were steep so his people would have a clean shot at the whole column, provided the whole caravan could fit inside. Though there were few trees, there were plenty of boulders and prickly brown bushes for cover. The way out of the ravine was easy enough to manage with caltrops buried in the sand. Here, the road wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wide enough for the wagons to turn around and beat a hasty retreat. Against fearful men, it would be a slaughter. Against experienced warriors, Ayram was not so sure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they weren\u8217\'92t wearing that woolen garb I\u8217\'92d take them for Imperial cavalry,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It could be that they\u8217\'92ve been drilling common hands,\u8221\'94 Seculla suggested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That could be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or, it could be that those really are Imperial riders,\u8221\'94 Pella added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But they\u8217\'92re wrapped in white wool,\u8221\'94 Seculla said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re wrapped in wool and you\u8217\'92re Imperial.\u8221\'94 Pella said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Used to be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, sure. Me as well,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t mean anything by it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pella,You were an Imperial priestess, not an officer,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said. \u8220\'93Officers don\u8217\'92t drop their company\u8217\'92s colors for convenience. Even in the desert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Sand makes converts of us all, Mandri. Uniforms be damned.\u8221\'94 At that she spit off the side of the cliff and watched it fall. It swayed a little in the cool breeze and landed fifty yards below, where the boy Sendren was stringing his helmwood bow. Sendren looked up at Pella and muttered a curse, but Pella just shook her head and pointed up above her, innocently directing Sendren\u8217\'92s ire towards Relsa who was perched atop the cliff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The point of a uniform isn\u8217\'92t comfort,\u8221\'94 Mandrameen said. \u8220\'93For them it\u8217\'92s hardly even for protection.  It\u8217\'92s about distinction. I know these types.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella turned to the two young pups and scowled at them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri. Seculla. Shut up. Don\u8217\'92t talk again.\u8221\'94 She then turned back to Ayram. \u8220\'93Well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think they could be fighting men,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They could be rabble, they could be Imperials. Would it change your call?\u8221\'94 She asked it as if she already knew the answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they are Imperial then they have skin in the game.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They won\u8217\'92t run when the killing starts,\u8221\'94 Pella said, finishing his thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And the way we\u8217\'92re set up -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This only works if they try to run.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only completely safe if they run,\u8221\'94 Ayram corrected. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s off then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram took a moment once more to eye the caravan through Pella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scope, trying to find some detail that might still swing his decision. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The information he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been given by Salavan was accurate - the caravan was here as predicted. He and his people were eager, rested, and ready. The long shadows of the rising sun would keep them hidden until the most opportune moment. There was even the off chance that the witch\u8217\'92s magic might work. Most importantly, their secret way into and out of the ravine was a hidden crevasse which remained unknown to the Empire, and every day that Ayram delayed he risked its discovery. If found, this stretch of the Junei would be closed to him forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Disciplined riders aren\u8217\'92t enough to call this off,\u8221\'94 Ayram decided, and handed the glass back to Pella. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen and Seculla shared a look of glee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then should I whistle the boys?\u8221\'94 Pella asked, looking a little grim. It was a look which came quite easy for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Ayram replied. \u8220\'93Be sure to stab and flutter it. Like you say, we need caution.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Pella nodded, then put her hands to her mouth and whistled the song of the Jade Tresset to let the men know that the ambush was on. She stabbed and fluttered the high notes, as Ayram had directed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram waited a bit for twittered replies to spring from his people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hiding spots, and then he squeezed his giant frame into the little cave behind them, leaving Pella to deal with Seculla and Mandrameen as they bickered over  who got to look through the scope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cloistered within the cramped cave was the witch Elrahet. She was an older woman, five years younger than Pella, although a specific age was rarely a thing ascribed to people of the Sand. Like Ayram, she was Jandrian, and all Jandrians seemed to foreigners like they had been quarried fully formed out of the earth. Their features were as dark, hard, and solemn as any slab of Melthasite ore. Their sun-drenched skin was as brown and leathered as the bark of any pepperwood tree.  Elrahet was as much a native creature of the Sand as the sizable horned lizard over whose corpse she squatted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The beast was belly up, and her fingers were knuckle deep in it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s guts, twisting and twirling as her lips whispered incantations and her eyes searched the pink sliver of morning sky that peeked through the crack in the rocks above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s almost time,\u8221\'94 Ayram warned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Elrahet grimaced and spat at this interruption, though she did not take her eyes off the sky, nor her hand from the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What thing is more vital than blood?\u8221\'94 she asked the world. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blood cold as ice\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pushed down with the palm of her hand to squeeze acids out from the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blood hot as a raging fire\u8230\'85.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She squeezed the intestinal organs with her knotted fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We would be gods if not for blood\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  She ripped the entrails out of their webbed lining, and raised them up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We would be dust without it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet threw the entrails down, back into the body cavity, then stared intently at whatever was going on within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When nothing happened, she snarled an arcane curse and tore the gash in the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly wider. Into the hole she stuck her skinny arm up to the elbow, then pushed the beast\u8217\'92s innards around in pursuit of something in its groin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly bulged and squirmed. Once or twice its limbs twitched and its tail curled. Ayram supposed that the thing was somehow still alive. When Elrahet finally pulled her arm free and sat back with a defeated sigh, it went completely limp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is possible,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said to Ayram in a quiet whisper so that none outside could hear, \u8220\'93that the beast is infertile.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So this won\u8217\'92t work?\u8221\'94 Ayram knelt across from her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not with this beast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram spread apart the lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse. He could sense a power coming from the gaping hole in its belly. The blue-grey intestines writhed and pulsed like a knotted mass of worms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was impressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well... it was worth a try,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet hissed at his dubiety. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just need fertile blood. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Fresh}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  fertile blood,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she stressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram thought for a moment, then pulled up his sleeve and extended his hairy brown arm towards Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your blood? I won\u8217\'92t carve you open,\u8221\'94 Elrahet croaked. \u8220\'93Get me one of the Pazard boys or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no time. It\u8217\'92s either me or Pella... Or no one.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That old Imperial sow isn\u8217\'92t fertile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well then,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, extending his arm further.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blood was a sacred thing and it was never lightly given by one Jandrian to another. Elrahet had been Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s witch for years and he had never offered a drop. She tried to gauge his countenance to see if he was sincere - but his face was set deep in the shadow of his hood and his eyes were sunk back behind bushy brows. His beard hid whatever slight expression his lips might reveal. Even clean shaven and in direct light, the difference between his smile and a frown was almost imperceptible. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked down at his arm and eyed the veins that bulged under the skin. She knew his blood would be potent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can do this without you,\u8221\'94 Ayram said with more than a hint of impatience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that, Elrahet pulled a yard of linen and a clay bowl from her bag and laid them between herself and Ayram. Then she unsheathed a patterned blade from her belt and held it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curve length-wise to Ayram\u8217\'92s wrist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I value your trust,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I yours,\u8221\'94 Ayram replied. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet savored his courtesy with a near-toothless grin, then eagerly plunged her dagger\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tip into his flesh. She flicked her wrist with expert care and opened the vein. Ayram remained unstirred, watching with serious intent as blood bubbled out of the wound and ran around his wrist in a steady stream to drip into the bowl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  When he had enough, he jerked his arm free.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it.\u8221\'94 He said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bowl was just half full.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your gift is humbling, but if that is it\u8230\'85 don\u8217\'92t expect much,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did say that we can do this without you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet scowled, then took the bowl and began to flick Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blood onto the lizard\u8217\'92s corpse, careful to make sure that not a drop hit the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram took the yard of linen to dress his wound. As he tried to maneuver his hips round so he could leave, he bumped Elrahet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get out of here!\u8221\'94 she snapped. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram laughed as he did.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe do short desc. Of the ravine here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first signs of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s magic were the wispy vapor trails that circulated high in the atmosphere above her cave. They twirled and danced, driven by unnatural purpose, though they were so slight that they could hardly be said to be there at all. By the time Ayram sat down at his hiding spot behind a couple of small boulders on the northern slope of the ravine, the trails had begun to congeal into something thicker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soon the wind picked up and began to brush them into form, and it blew a pleasant musk of earthy, humid air down into the ravine. If Ayram had not been looking for it, he might not have noticed how a light fog subtly shifting into existence. Just as he began to wonder if the crew had taken notice, a low rolling drum of distant thunder echoed through the valley, though there was, as yet, no great storm from which it could have come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair play to Elrahet,\u8221\'94 said Papillian excitedly. The boy was stationed behind a boulder closer to the road. Ayram glared down at him with sufficient sternness to shush him. He didn\u8217\'92t blame the lad for the outburst as this was shaping up to be Elrahet\u8217\'92s finest bit of magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was perhaps too good. The merchant caravan was still far out. Perhaps they had not yet made it into the valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers. Perhaps they could see the cyclonic flow of haze that now swirled above Elrahet\u8217\'92s cave. Still, Ayram half expected that it all might fizzle out - humans made for poor magicians - but all his doubts were allayed when dense clouds began to creep out from some invisible fissure in the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They crept out slowly, like cautious cattle out of the pen. Once they were out over the ravine they began to feed, to chew and swallow the cud of magic that issued forth from the stomach of the lizard that Elrahet had prepared. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then it began to rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a sprinkling shower at first, just little pricklings on the skin, just a light peppering of the sandy rocks and clay. The drizzle cleansed the air of the desert dust that was ever present in the Sand, the stuff that clogged the nose and scratched the throat. In fact the air was so crisp that this was the first time in forever that Ayram could take in a full, clean breath. It was a tranquil moment, but short lived, for minute by minute the wind swelled and the rain thickened and the storm above ballooned into a supercell the size of several mountains. Lightning flashed and thrashed around in the belly of the beast above, banging the drum of thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More and more the rain began to pour. Without shelter it seemed like torture. The short and woody weeds that had managed to scrape out an existence in the ravine were whipped to and fro as the wind and rain stripped leaf from stem. It came down hard and wet on the men as well. Ayram found little comfort in the fact that he had his back to it all.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least the earth seemed to enjoy it, parched and desiccated as it was. It took its time to drink its fill. It filtered the water through sand and silt and then trickled it down into the deep reservoirs of the world. It savoured every drop, and it drank slowly, which meant that it did not take long for the surface to become soaked. Soon rain began to pitter-patter into puddles, and water ran down the ravine, seeking out the familiar routes that it had been shaping with a gentle hand for a millenia. Where once there were cracks, pits, and sinks in the rock and clay, there were now streams and cascades. Where once there were depressions and scars, there were now pools in which desert life would find succor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram looked over to the young Papillian. Though the rain was rare and precious on this side of the Junei Mountains, the boy was upset that the wetness had gotten through his layers. He might as well have been swimming. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He muttered a curse, and the storm cursed back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CRACK-BOOM!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bright and gnarled flash of lightning split the dark sky above. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It hit somewhere near in the cliffs behind them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone jumped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elra\u8217\'92s never conjured more than foggy mist!\u8221\'94 Papillian exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Colm, a beastly man to Papillian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side could be heard as well. \u8220\'93Bit much innit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram disagreed.  By this point the valley road was getting good and slick and muddy. Laden wagons would have to be dragged through it. They would be moving slowly, if they would move at all - though that was cause for some concern. They might not even make it into the ravine. Or, they might have turned around and fled the valley as soon as the first showers hit them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Then a faint horse\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whinny pierced the splashing of the rain. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram turned his gaze southward. There he could just make out the shapes of white horses coming round the bend. Their riders were hunched in their saddles, sore backs and sore nerves all around. Their horses moved slowly, leaning into the deluge. Ayram could almost feel the mud draining their already tired legs of vigor. He smiled when he saw one stumble and throw its rider into a growing rivulet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nonetheless they all plodded onward, heads down against the pelting rain, filtering into the ravine three by three. Their wagons were faring as Ayram expected, with drivers working hard to steady the mood of the mule-teams that had grown discontent with the whole situation. If the mules had been men they would have taken up arms long ago in a suicidal bid for freedom. As beasts, all they could do was scream through their suffering and sway against the strain and slip in the viscous mud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram would have been perfectly pleased if he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t noticed the olive skin and tufts of blackred hair peeking out from under the soldiers\u8217\'92 turbans. They were each, to a man, Roman[a]. This was indeed a company of Imperial Cavalry. Then he caught sight of the wooden septum piercings that popped out of their noses like bull horns. These were men of the Hallowed Guard- the absolute elite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram's pulse quickened, and he could feel his nerves tighten as he peered out at them from behind his rock. Just a few sheets of rain separated him from this pride of lions - to be this close was suicide. Even though all smells were driven down into the earth, and all edges and colors were blurred, and all sounds below a shout were drowned out by the torrential downpour, Ayram felt like they could sense him. Such is the case when a predator hunts a predator; they have little familiarity, little tolerance for doubt and fear. It does not take much of that drug to overwhelm them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time the middle of column had reached Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s position, he had steadied his nerve. He then leaned out from behind his rock, aimed his bow towards one of their number, notched an arrow, and let it fly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In clean, dry air his gull-feather arrow would trill with excitement when released, but so wetted by the rain it simply jumped from the waxed string of his bow. So quiet and obscured was its flight, and so loud was the wind and rain, that even after it struck its target and sank him low in his saddle, the caravan remained oblivious to the danger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The dead rider\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse took a few steps, then the body slipped from its perch and fell into the mud. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So began the battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cries of horse and rider flew as a hail of arrows leapt from the slopes of the ravine, planting themselves in throats and ribs. Some bounced off armor or missed their marks all together and fell into the mud. Even Ayram had trouble in these tight quarters, for the wind and rain was so strong that they carried his arrows unpredictably; just a meter was enough to spare or doom a life. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hardly a third of the riders were stricken in the first few volleys. For a company of Hallowed Guardsmen, the bodycount was no convincing argument for retreat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  An officer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horn sounded. It bellowed then sank into a deep register that rumbled the streams and puddles that already ran red with blood. Those riders which had not already dismounted did, and they pulled their heater shields from off their horses' packs, then rushed to form up a defensive shape centered in the ravine just below Ayram. Here and there one of them would shudder then fall to his knees as an arrow snuck through the wall of shields, his hands clutching wherever his flesh was pierced. His compatriots would kick him out of the circle and down into the mud, then close ranks behind him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They moved and thought as one, and like a leaf-scaled wyrm caught out in the open Sand by a falcon, they curled and curled again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram eyed them warily, wondering what they could possibly do to prevent his party\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrows from whittling them down one by one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then a man amongst them broke rank stepped forward. He seemed misshapen, and was bare and bald, and his sleeves were rolled up to reveal an intricate tattoo that weaved round his wrists and up his arms. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then his hands began to glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram notched an arrow and aimed for the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, so that he might stifle the power that he channeled in those arms and that he brewed in those lungs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before he could let it fly, the storm intervened. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CRACK-BOOM!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bolt of lighting shot down from the high icy reaches of the thunderhead. It struck the middle of the road with an incredible ferocity, and as it did it seemed to explode, throwing wind, rain, and flesh in all directions. The shockwave threw Ayram back against the rocks of the ravine, and there was a muted thwack as his skull hit the broad face of a sandstone boulder. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then things went black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 _______}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         Getting your skull caved in is the worst way to lose track of time. Next worst is a night of fitful sleep, but of course that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t compare. Sleep can be said to be a lived experience inasmuch as one\u8217\'92s dreams are remembered.  Even without them, the passage of time is always somehow estimated so that as soon as you step out of bed there is that sublime sensation of being reinserted into the natural flow of things - not so with a knockout blow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More to the point, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         When Ayram came to, there was a dull, throbbing ache that radiated out from the top of his head where the rock had cracked open his skull. He brought his hand up to the wound and dabbed it gingerly with his fingers. They trembled upon a smattering of dried blood which had matted his hair. He then continued to follow the pain to its source, near the crown of his skull. There he found that he could push down on a flap of skin and a cracked bit of bone. As he traced the outline of the cavity, a sharp pain shot out and ran around to the back of his head, constricting his skull like a python. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         He must have been out for hours. Maybe days. He had no way of knowing }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oddly, it was still raining.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re awake!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         It was old Pella. She rushed to his side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were set up!\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0         \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked, confused even as to how he was alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a setup! There was no gold!\u8221\'94 Her raspy voice was quivering with excitement and rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram tried to blink the blur out of his vision. He was in a cave somewhere high in the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long was I out?\u8221\'94, he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For the better part of a day\u8230\'85 There was no gold, Ayram.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram winced, half in pain, half in exasperation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That storm that Elrahet magic\u8217\'92d up conjured a bolt\u8230\'85 bigger than any I\u8217\'92ve ever seen... it took out the entire caravan. It took out Papillian and Colm, too, and nearly you. But that magus survived!\u8221\'94 Pella pointed to the naked figure who lay crumpled and unconscious near the cave\u8217\'92s mouth. His pale body was covered in black glyphs and arcane symbols. Blood pooled around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He has not yet awoken. I haven\u8217\'92t told the boys yet, but he\u8217\'92s no mere magus. We cut}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 off his hands\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I think he\u8217\'92s one of the Emperor\u8217\'92s Salisians,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93Only four Salisians in the world, and one of them is here... He was here to kill us! Ayram, we were set up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram struggled to take it all in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who was your man in Jeket?!\u8221\'94 Pella asked, stressing the urgency of the moment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who baited us into this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram closed his eyes and gritted his teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A man named Salavan Saran.\u8221\'94}}