{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 WC Tuttle}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Me and \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dirty Shirt\u8221\'94 Jones stops there in the trail and watches \u8220\'93Scenery\u8221\'94 Sims gallop up to us, wild-eyed and weary. He almost falls over one of our burros, and stands there blowing and heaving, looking back up the trail like he was scared plumb to death.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Scenery is one of them squeaky little half-baked hunks of humanity who everybody feels so sorry for that they won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t kill. Right now he\u8217\'92s the sheriff of Yaller Rock County, and from the looks of him he ain\u8217\'92t figuring his official title as much protection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then cometh a larger figure of a man, galloping down the trail towards us. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hitting heavy on his left foot like he\u8217\'92d come quite a ways, and when he skids up to us we recognize \u8220\'93Wick\u8221\'94 Smith, our general merchandiser of the city of Piperock. Wick is about seven-eighths out of wind. He grabs a mouthful of mountain air and chaws it plentiful while he glares at poor little Scenery.}{ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Spirits don\u8217\'92t lie, \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  yuh,\u8221\'94 howls Wick. \u8220\'93They can\u8217\'92t lie, I tell yuh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That one did,\u8221\'94 wheezes Scenery. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d tell it to its face, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look out,\u8221\'94 warns Wick. \u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t monkey with the dead, Scenery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Wick had plenty of time to go around them burros, but I reckon he figured he could go where Scenery did. Wick was wrong. That Lodestone burro must \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92a\u8217\'92 felt sorry for Scenery, or maybe he wasn\u8217\'92t set, but he sure was primed when Wick tried to pass his south end. We propped Wick up against a rock and felt him over for busted bones, but found none.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One thing you can say for Piperock: She never does anything half-way. When that town starts to pull off something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulled. It may cost suffering and regrets, but she\u8217\'92s there to the bitter end, like a dose of quinin.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }