{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A fluttered flute of a whistle from the path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram pursed his lips and came .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah rushed in, crouched, her red cloak bunched up at her feet and in a hurried whisper she said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s an ambush. Only a few hundred yards ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many men?\u8221\'94 Ayram whispered back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I Counted twelve. Couldn\u8217\'92t be more than twenty in all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto came stumbling in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I counted fourteen. It\u8217\'92s an wider valley,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93With a tall slope,\u8221\'94 he flattened his hand in the air to illustrate the incline, nearly plumb. \u8220\'93At the top it\u8217\'92s a vertical wall of rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A canyon,\u8221\'94 Moteah clarified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And at the bottom of this valley, there\u8217\'92s a boulder the size of Minting Rock sitting right in the middle, plugging the gap.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it impassible?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a narrow tunnel carved into the bottom, tall enough for a horse. The ambush is set on the other side of this tunnel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet they\u8217\'92ve pushed that boulder down themselves,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto sighed and squatted down. His face contorted into a look of pained stress. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s strange is that there\u8217\'92s a man sitting at the tunnel entrance, pretending to be a traveler. At least that\u8217\'92s what I think he\u8217\'92s doing, cause he\u8217\'92s got a traveler\u8217\'92s pack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s bait,\u8221\'94 said Moteah}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what do they need bait for?\u8221\'94 Moto asked. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve got the ambush set, just spring it! Don\u8217\'92t need to put a man down in the valley where he\u8217\'92s liable to get pricked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram folded his arms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scratched his nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rubbed his bushy brow with his finger and thumb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thirty men, you say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Twenty at most,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I counted fourteen,\u8221\'94 Moto reminded everyone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram drummed his fingers against his chin, then tugged at his bottom lip. He was such a perfect picture of indecision, that Mandri nearly asked for a slip of paper so that he could draw it, and not just Ayram, the scene itself. Sometime nature has a way of organizing itself into a natural composition. Ayram there, standing tall, his head the apex of a pyramid of people, all looking at him for direction, and the weight of their expectations sat heavy on his brow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Elrahet who broke the edge. Her words a firm encouragement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are going through,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They know we\u8217\'92re coming, that much is clear. Still, it is only twenty\u8230\'85 though we\u8217\'92ve only five arrows between us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned his cutting eye to Obo and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose you\u8217\'92d be any help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo lit up with astonishment. A cheeky split his lips as he watched everyone watch him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t I alluring\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right now, they\u8217\'92re sitting there stewing, wondering why we haven\u8217\'92t shown up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And let me guess, you\u8217\'92re thinking we should all amble right on into that trap, spring it, and when all the little weeds sprout out from behind the rocks, have me deal with them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You killed fifty of my own people in a ravine. In the rain. With the light of day, you could kill twenty freaks with one flick of your neck.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I admit that I could, but I\u8217\'92m surprised you\u8217\'92re willing to put all these lives in my hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not. It\u8217\'92ll just be you and me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to carry you into that ambush, and when those demons pop out of their hiding places, you\u8217\'92re going to blast their heads into oblivion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what I\u8217\'92m going to do?\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram and knelt down .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to do it, because there\u8217\'92s no scenario here where you betray me and walk out alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you understood that threats have no effect on me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s either you agree to do it, or you die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo contemplative moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know that stress has a way of narrowing vision, but there is an infinite number of ways you could approach my reluctance to comply with your desires. There\u8217\'92s really no need to compress it down to two. If you asked me, I think you should explore the possibility space of -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interrupted when Ayram slammed his chisel in the rock right next to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo glanced at the cold iron bar which brushed his skin and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I\u8217\'92ll do it.\u8221\'94 He then pointed to the spud bar and said, \u8220\'93But this isn\u8217\'92t why I\u8217\'92m going to do it. I\u8217\'92ll do it on the condition that you open your heart to good graces of your nature and say, \u8216\'91thank you\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll get no pleasure from me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t ask for pleasure, I asked for thanks. A good, honest, \u8216\'91Thank you!\u8217\'92. That\u8217\'92s all. Acknowledgment that I helped, and that I helped even though I did need to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stood up and straightened his back. As his taught lips squirmed in , as if the words left such distaste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is ridiculous,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet as she stepped forward. She stuck out her proud chin and said, \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  say thank you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo smiled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That would be sufficient.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet cleared her throat, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, creature.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want to take advantage,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93but could you say it once more without the \u8216\'91creature\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo pretended to pinch the words with his fingers, and then in a rectifying tone he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Mazydobo}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet grinned, of a person eager to show that their immune to , said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Mazydobo... Will that do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good. Now, go and murder those miscreants.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo flourished his arms and bowed as deeply as he could. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am at your service,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb cried, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t trust him!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93This creature has no cause to help. It would be suicide to stride into a nest of bows with him at your back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know that you don\u8217\'92t have a reason to trust me, but that\u8217\'92s only because you haven\u8217\'92t given me the chance to prove that I\u8217\'92m trustworthy. This is such an opportunity, if Ayram is willing to give it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8230\'85 twenty bows means you\u8217\'92re liable to get pricked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been tickled with arrows before,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had to bring you back from that,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t be able to help this time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was the only one with determination. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no way around,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93At least, none we can take without running into Hrks.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s either this, or we start from scratch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should go together,\u8221\'94 Purl said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93More bodies won\u8217\'92t help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen listened with rapt attention, for the occasion had his heart aflutter with a restless energy, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just drank a quart of burn-nut tea. His arms and legs felt curious, and there was an urge to inject himself into the situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And there was a logic to him getting involved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo needed to be carried into a dangerous place, and Mandri had been carrying Obo for days. Why stop now?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was chance whoever did it could be killed, and Mandri had been cheating death for the past few weeks. Why stop now?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The universe was lining him up for this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On top of it all, he had Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lucky rocks. He didn\u8217\'92t believe in luck, but the fact he had the rocks at all was a sign of his auspicious future, it was part of the theme, as the Solitants say, \u8216\'91when Solraheen speaks to you, it\u8217\'92s not in words, it\u8217\'92s in coincidences.\u8217\'92 He was given those rocks so that they could encourage him now, in this moment, a against is robe, and when this emotion reached the boiling point, he stood up straight and blurted out, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words landed amongst the Ayram like a duck. Moto looked at Mandri like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just . Elrahet, like a . Purl snorted in disbelief. Moteah heard but pretended she hadn\u8217\'92t. Ayram smirked, and said, \u8220\'93Now\u8217\'92s not the time, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93All you need is someone to walk into that ambush\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m willing to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto said, half in jest, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, Now him, we can\u8217\'92t trust.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s there to trust?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93I walk over there, and Obo blasts them all to Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s serious,\u8221\'94 Moteah said with a hint of amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He does have a death wish,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This isn\u8217\'92t about that eunuch prophecy is it?\u8221\'94 Purl asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A little.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A muted laugh , and Moteah shook her head and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s naivety. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was no laughing matter to Elrahet. Her visage was stone serious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Many have died testing prophecy,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It is not a wise thing to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should have died like ten times already. And I can tell by the fact that none of you are outright shutting me down, that you all like the idea. I know Ayram does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram was a rigid pole. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m trying to think of a reason not to let you do it,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Worst that can happen is I die,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93And let\u8217\'92s be honest, it\u8217\'92s better me than you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t argue with that,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shot Seb a annoyed look, then held Mandri in his disquieting gaze. A pregnant silence emerged in that little interstice, and a doubtful anxiety started to creep up Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spine. He decided that if he just started acting, that put an end to it. It would shift Ayram\u8217\'92s burden from one of command, to a reserved acceptance of this new reality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He bent down, picked up Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s litter, which still had Obo strapped in it, and then shouldered the burden and said, \u8220\'93Alright. Now which way is my uncertain death?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. He placed his massive hand on Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulder. \u8220\'93Wait.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Ayram turned to Moto and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take what arrows we have and get up as high as you can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without so much as a nod, Moto set to gathering what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d need.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you,\u8221\'94 Ayram said to Obo, \u8220\'93If this boy comes out of this unhurt, then I\u8217\'92ll say thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram pointed out the path, a pitted road of sand that under a shelf of rock, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just follow it.\u8221\'94 And so Mandri did.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He followed the path east as it wound through the shattered mountain. He felt like a hunter, careful to soften is footfalls, eyes trained on, limbs . He peeked around every rock and bend, should . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo, impatient with this , said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tell you when we\u8217\'92re almost there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But of course. Obo could . This reminded Mandri of something he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been meaning to ask the Mazyd but hadn\u8217\'92t got the privacy to do it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Obo?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When the Ayramun ambushed you, did you let it happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you think I\u8217\'92d do something as silly as that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can see through rock, can\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then how are you always noticing things before anyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 around}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  rocks with sound. Sound bounces off of things, and it bounces off them differently depending on the surface, be it rock, dirt, or lizard skin. Such adumbrations provide a fuzzy image of the contents of the room I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve yet to enter, or the layout of the canyon ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you can hear an ambush before you walk into it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s also smell. I can smell our friends already. If a creature is large enough, I can smell it from miles away, so long as the wind blows the reek in my direction. But I\u8217\'92ll know we\u8217\'92re close when I can hear them breathing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How far away would that be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It depends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not worth explaining.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lower your voice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri lowered his voice to a whisper. The satisfaction of a penetrated truth was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, you did get captured on purpose!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you got captured because you wanted to get close to Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted to get close to Elrahet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s what I meant. But Elrahet is Ayram\u8217\'92s witch, and I don\u8217\'92t think Ayram will ever come around to giving you your freedom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not Ayram whom I\u8217\'92ve to convince.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram won\u8217\'92t let Elrahet do anything without his say-so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you on about? Of course it\u8217\'92s so. His name is Ayram, and she is Ayramun. And if that weren\u8217\'92t enough, he\u8217\'92s ten heads tall and his hand could crush a skull.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, the woman has power over life and death itself, and you think she\u8217\'92s not in control?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thought stopped Mandri in his tracks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tilted his head and looked aimlessly at the sky, which was beset with first few tufts of wispy cloud he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen in a week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Was Elrahet in charge?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Was there something he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, keep moving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he continued on walking. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll defer to you on the subject of adumbrations, but clearly, you don\u8217\'92t know shit about people. Ayram\u8217\'92s in charge of all the Ayramun, and that\u8217\'92s that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t \u8216\'91so you say\u8217\'92 me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to do you the dignity of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re correct in that I don\u8217\'92t know what it feels like to be a human, but there\u8217\'92s what it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 feels}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  like to be you, and then there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what you actually are, and I know what you actually are. You think that you\u8217\'92re some prophesied eunuch, but what you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is a boy with a burgeon addled brain, susceptible to flights of fancy, and these have led to the present moment where you walk dumbly into certain death, save for my goodwill. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve half a mind to let you die to teach you lesson.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could let me die, but you won\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forgive me, I said \u8216\'91teach a lesson,\u8217\'92 when I should have said \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92ll let you die to prove I\u8217\'92m right\u8217\'92, because for me, that\u8217\'92s a more attractive motive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll find out soon. Just two bends left to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sudden awareness of flooded in. Confident yes, but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be lying if there fear wasn\u8217\'92t motivating his legs into.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri walked, and when he came to the second bend, a shadowed, Obo told him to stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to a clear sight of what we\u8217\'92re up against.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri peeked around first.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s the deal, Mandri. That man is dangerous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know that. He\u8217\'92s a cannibal\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. Welp. Here goes nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hoooold on, Mandri. Hold on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What for? He\u8217\'92s bait, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not bait. There\u8217\'92s no need for bait in this pass, as this is the only route a traveler can take.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what\u8217\'92s he there for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I had to guess, he\u8217\'92s going to waylay you with a disarming tale.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a distraction?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not quite. If I\u8217\'92m correct, then he\u8217\'92s going to want to get close to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So he can kill me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, so that he can kill me\u8230\'85 I should lay this all out, as I see it. See, I think these bandits know more about our coming than just our number. I think they know of Ayram, and I think they know of me, and I think, that they think, that the best way to take out a Mazyd, if you haven\u8217\'92t a Riga, is to get close with deception and cut off the unsuspecting head. If I\u8217\'92m right, the trap won\u8217\'92t spring until I am killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could they possibly know all that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe they\u8217\'92ve been forwarned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have my suspicions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what about-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s breath, Mandri. Shut up for a moment!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri composed himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, provided what I\u8217\'92ve said is true, that man has probably been told your description, and if he has, then he\u8217\'92s also been told that you\u8217\'92re the one who\u8217\'92s been carrying the Mazyd these long miles. He is going to try and get close to you to sniff me out. So please, for both our sakes, keep a good distance away from him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if he wants to shake hands?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, what am I supposed to say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He knows who you are, so be honest, but twist it. Sprinkle the lie with grains of the truth. Say you\u8217\'92ve walked ahead of the others, and that they won\u8217\'92t be long behind. If he\u8217\'92s dumb, it\u8217\'92ll get him salivating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What am I supposed to say if he wants to shake hands? I can\u8217\'92t just say no. That\u8217\'92s weird.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, improvise. You\u8217\'92ve a wit, so use it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. He enjoyed the sense of }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And one last thing,\u8221\'94 Obo said. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your favorite word?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have a favorite word.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pick one at random.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If Mandri was going to pick a favorite word, it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to be at random. It was going to be a word that he liked, a bubbly word, fun to say, a word the captured something of his verve, and his taste for the divine, a word that, when spoken, could turn heads, and end all debate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My favorite word is Mandrameen\u8221\'94, he finally said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo tsked, his voice threaded with a snarky gilt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pride is so repulsive. Especially in a human. At least when a lizard puffs its chest it does it because it knows its small.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not about pride.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever you say, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Mandrameen}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92d you even ask?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because when I\u8217\'92m ready to fill these heathen\u8217\'92s heads with the good word of Solraheen, I shall warn you first by saying your name. And when I say it, do not move. I can\u8217\'92t stress this enough - Do. Not. Move. Don\u8217\'92t crouch, don\u8217\'92t cringe, just stay perfectly still. You\u8217\'92re going to want to fling yourself about in terror, but if you don\u8217\'92t stand still, it\u8217\'92s going to mess everything up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri glanced once more at the man. The frenzied whispering hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t \u8216\'91woken\u8217\'92 him up. There was little chance the had even reached him above his soaring snores.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m excited,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should be terrified. And remember,\u8221\'94 Obo whispered. \u8220\'93Keep away from -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, I know,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Keep away. Don\u8217\'92t move. I got it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri chuckled at Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s harrumph, and then he stepped out the shadow of the canyon and walked towards the boulder and cannibal, keeping a steady, congenial smile. When he was near enough to formalize a greeting, he waved, but the man did not stir.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But over time, the price of admission increased, and soon the charge rivaled that of the Solki ferrymen. Eventually, only kings and merchants could afford to make the journey, and the required tithes trimmed their profit margins so terribly, that there was little point in using the overland pass. So, the Solki people decided to take up arms against the Skinarun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were no great battles with thousands of troops set against each-other in formation. It was a war of skirmishes, famine, and attrition, and it lasted for more than fifty years, but the outcome was rarely in doubt, for the Skinarun had overplayed their hand. Eventually, the foundation of Sinarun temple was laid to waste in the Sand, its walls destroyed not by an army, but by builders pilfering the abandoned city for dressed stone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Solraheen returned to the world, much effort was made to hide the iniquities that had occurred in and around. The land was given to the Greskalun, who were charged with keeping a seal of peace upon the pass, and keeping the way open to profit.}}