{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Integrating complexity science with the study of violence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Night on bear mountain - emotion, psychology, fear. The ways that we think in terms of violence - blaming warmongering leaders and so on - vs. Looking at fundamental mathematical principles. Trying to suss out statistical regularities, that don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to do with that kind of emotion, psychology, or individual agency. Universal laws that move from the micro to the cellular, even further to genes, fundamental principles of energy and matter, all the way to the macro of complex organisms and even social systems. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Lewis Richardson spawned this thinking- the coastline paradox - fractals. Scale-free theories. Things that occur at different scales but still occur at regular patterns. Richardson, using very little data and rudimentary math, posited that the frequency and the severity of deadly quarrels of all kinds could follow these universal statistical patterns called power laws that could explain severity and duration. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evolutionary thinking: Most people are neo-darwinian in their thoughts about warfare and violence. That goes back to Darwin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s The Descent of Man - in that book darwin describes war as an agent of human evolution, that somehow conflict facilitated a series of transitions into the modern state - borrows from Hobbes Leviathan - primitive state of existence is one of hostility. Elaborated by Herbert Spencer in his Social Statics in 1851 - But really, Darwin\u8217\'92s primary debt was to Malthus - pop growth/distribution of scarce resources leads inevitably to conflict. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1940s and 50s, game theory pops up. Formal study of conflict of interest. 1960s darwinian theory got integrated with game theory.  Bill Hamilton - 4-fold classification of social behavior - behavior is : cooperative, selfish, mutualistic, spiteful. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do you move from selfishness to a state of cooperation?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the last decades, that question has been revised. Question is probably wrong. Cooperative behavior is as primitive as selfish behavior. Returning to the question of culture. *IF* cooperation is as fundamental as selfishness, what role does culture play? Complexity lens looks for analogies between human conflict and conflict in the immune system. Is conflict just like aging and death? Is conflict just a result of copy-error that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get repaired? Issues of algorithmic intelligence. Is warfare just an instance of rule-systems gone wrong. We\u8217\'92re miscalculating some solution that manifests as aggression. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conflict avalanches in Africa - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ethiopia and Sudan - great lakes area }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Analogies in bio systems. If you watch the way these conflict events appear across the map, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not appearing randomly, they\u8217\'92re related to one another in some way. If you were to watch the patterns cascade and grow and die away, the system that came to my mind was of the brain. If you look at neurons in the brain and you track their activity, florescent indicator, you see something similar - neurons firing generating cascades of activity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something active - spatial temporal activity - if I were an outsider looking at this abstract data set, I would say that things that are close to one another are related in some way.  What does it mean for two events that occur at different parts in the continent to be related? What you get when join these events together in clusters are these avalanches that move around in space. They grow and die. This is not what we think of as a war or battle. By constructing these structures we see things that are evocative of things elsewhere.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Richardson: once you get to a certain scale (tens of millions of fatalities), events grow in a self-similar and regular way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Question of resolution of data set - conflict is hard to measure.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Biology avalanches - theres something about collective dynamics that imposes macroscopic regularity. Neural avalanches, Earthquake distributions, fires, - something universal going on with complex structures that take place within space and time. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oliver Sax - talked at length about how lesions in the brain change behaviour. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two extremes of explanation: biological determinism, and collective constraints is human freedom, where responsibility matters. We can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t *ignore* the limbic system.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Policing works better than pacifying}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ONe common observation in primate groups is a division of labor. Individuals are voted into a position of authority that gives them the right to intervene into conflict without retribution.  Infinite debate on who polices the policers, is moot, because in society, that position is assigned to you. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pacifying is: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m angry.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Ok, calm down, it\u8217\'92s not worth it, that person\u8217\'92s a jerk, etc\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Policing: intervention into an ongoing conflict. A more diplomatic solution. That kind of intervention can be extremely efficient, You only need a very small number of individuals who do policing in a population - leads to two possible outcomes : utopian outcome- whole population experiences low levels of aggression. If policing fails, where third-party intervention doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work out, you get a police state: where everyone is policing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the one hand, policing is more efficient that Pacifying (You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need many police). BUT if policing fails, then you have a proliferation of the policing role, which is what you don\u8217\'92t want. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The key point to policing working, is that the police are voted for. Its an emergent power structure. If the policing is imposed, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when it tends to fail. Systems of distributed control internally generate hierarchy - the hierarchy is voted for - thats what makes it work.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conflict, if it is small and contained, can be beneficial.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You will have differing sources of infromation depending on where you are in the system. At some point, these differing sources of infromation have to be resolved if you are going to make a decision in society. If you are getting different information from different parts of your visual field, how can you reconcile those different pieces of information in order to make a decision about what to do in that environment. That is a low-level behaviour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Analogy: if you go to a society, people have diversity of experiences, and have different informtion. You have to decide how that is going to be resolved. To a certain extend, some kind of conflict is necessary to resolve that information. There are some systems where noise plays a functional role - What Conflict is? Doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t necessarily mean people are going out and fighting.  What does conflict look like in these different systems? Does it make sense to compare conflict of physical information to conflict of physical violence?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conflict and creativity exist in some complicated relationship. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conflict and computation: Ongoing conflict, by virtue of extending sampling, allows you to arrive at a more accurate read on power disparities. Conflict gives you extra time to evaluate the true nature of things. E.G.  We fight, I win, but unclear if it was a fluke, so we fight again. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conflict - biological : relative fitness - misaligned interests - for a certain outcome, in order to achieve my goal, you would have to pay a cost, and in order for you to reach your goal, I would have to  pay a cost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conflict - violence : conflict that violates a social norm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conflict - warfare : use of technology to achieve objective.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plants and animals using venom - these are all weapons that look like war.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A bird flock requires only a few to change direction - only a few individuals can stoke the conflict. Thats import because, say, this bird only has local information, but maybe this bird is the only one that sees the hawk. The information that it recieves has to be able to propogate to the entire flock - where almost nobody else can see the hawk. That ability to transmit info over long scales can serve a functional role. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So what about conflict? Something that we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re exploring. In the context of monkeys, we can push certain individuals into it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Policy - when you impose a certian way of making decisions - in a democratic system, it becomes different - there is some sort of weak point; when you have a system that poised at the divide, you have a kind of dictator. If a person at the fulcrum, they can dictate the outcome.  In terms of voting systems, there are various systems that indicitive of who these individuals are.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alaskan supreme court. There is a dearth of evidence for this pivotal individual - judeges vote together. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}