{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb hated the waiting that came before an ambush. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sit still for the excitement, but she was forced to sit still because she wasn\u8217\'92t allowed to move unless Moto whistled at her. There was nothing to do but let her imagination run wild into forests of impending doom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She felt certain she was going to die this very day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She reminded herself that she had always come out alive, but that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were other Ayramun who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been through a hundred battles and died on the hundred-and-first. Like Wicky. Wicky was unlucky. She took a sling-stone to the forehead. That rock scratched her brain and fixed her face into a look of rigid surprise. Poor Wicky still looked like that when Seb buried her, and she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 still}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  looked like that when a pack of drag-bellies dug her up and ate her. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when Seb began to believe that a person\u8217\'92s last thought must get crystallized for all eternity. If someone died surprised, then they\u8217\'92d stay surprised forever. Seb knew how easily she could end up surprised, like Wicky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This particular ambush was feeling more risky than most. The plan to capture that Mazid had to play out exactly as expected. If the Mazid got loose, Seb would be killed. Without a doubt, killed. A Minder and his Mazid could wipe out an entire army by themselves. Even if the Ayramun }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  take the Mazid down cleanly, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be fifty to eighty men of unknown prowess that needed killing. If they were Hrkan Vessels, it might prove too much. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fifty-to-eighty men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe ninety.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were only forty three Ayramun with something like thirty arrows each. Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rule of thumb was that arrows go roughly four-to-one, misses to hits, depending, of course, on the skill of the archer. She didn\u8217\'92t have an aptitude for numbers, but it seemed like there weren\u8217\'92t enough arrows. It would be close, and close was dangerous. And their arrows were kind of shit. The tips were lizard\u8217\'92s teeth reinforcing a hardwood point. The shafts were a strong, close-grain wood, but that made them too stiff. Bandits don\u8217\'92t live long in the desert if they\u8217\'92re always scraping by, and when they\u8217\'92re scraping by with lizard\u8217\'92s teeth they tend to go extinct. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only one worried about the plan because the rest of the Ayramun were as quiet as declawed cats. Even the three pimple brothers were quiet. Ambushes usually weren\u8217\'92t an exception for them. A gold caravan could be passing right by and they\u8217\'92d find fun in risking discovery by blundering a fart, then claiming later that they couldn\u8217\'92t help it. Even those idiots were keeping low and still, naught but skinny shadows bent to and fro by Moto\u8217\'92s whistled commands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Too quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the Ayramun were completely silent as they laid wait in the rocky Hias hills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb dared to climb up the slope of their chosen valley and sneak a peek over the crest of the hill. There, she could just pick out the brownish speck of that caravan against the blurry white of the Junkug plain. She tried to gauge the enemy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s manpower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you cracked!?\u8221\'94 Moto hissed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spun around and there Moto was, staring daggers into her. She seethed like a snake caught unawares, then reluctantly ducked back down into the shadow of the valley slope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was the only one allowed to peek out over the hills and down into the spreading plain. He was the only one allowed because he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d said he was the only one allowed. Ayram had given him that authority. Seb couldn\u8217\'92t argue with it. If Ayram were here, she could have wheedled the privilege out of him, but there was no sense in pleading a case to Moto. So, she slid back down the valley to take up the hiding place that she\u8217\'92d scouted that morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The valley itself was long and narrow, steep-sided, and to the left it bowed around a lumpy hill. That was good because that hill would block their quarry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view of this stretch until the last moment. Still, Seb preferred springing the ambush in the Junkug Pass proper, like they usually did. Moto insisted on doing it out in the hills on account of, \u8216\'91everyone expects to be ambushed inside the pass\u8217\'92. He insisted that the best thing to do was to mirror the caravan as they made their way across the plain, then meet them in the hills and attack while the Mazid\u8217\'92s eyes were set on the gap in the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb appreciated the logic of it. It used their enemy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expectations against them. That\u8217\'92s what }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 should}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be done. But at a certain point, the best land for an ambush was the best land for an ambush, surprise be damned. People worried about ambushes in bottlenecks for good reason, and a valley like this was no true bottleneck. Compared to the vast expanse of the Junkug plain, sure, it would do, but the slopes were nowhere near the height or steepness of a mountain shelf. The Hrks could scramble up and over them, maybe even escape. Hitting here would be like kicking off the top off an ant hill; all of a sudden, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a mad scramble in all directions. Sure, they\u8217\'92d leave their wagons, but wagons weren\u8217\'92t what the Ayramun were after. And if those boys were Vessels, cups, even half-full cups like the young ones were, then the last thing Seb wanted to do was share a slope with them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was all Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fault.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She could almost smell the stress bearing on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was lying flat, peering over the hill, and his searching eye was so bugged out that he looked like he was seeing straight through the stomach of Schisol. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was close enough to him to hear him whisper, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Curse my Zosan Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Young Papi, a scrawny, short, and excitable lad with a ratty face, was squatting nearby behind a boulder. He heard Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s adumbration too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Papi asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re changing routes,\u8221\'94 Moto answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re what!?\u8221\'94 Papi squeaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not coming through here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto pulled back from his hilltop sight-spot. He sat for a moment, elbows on knees, a perfect picture of contemplation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 were}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  going to come through here, but now they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They changed it up?\u8221\'94 Papi asked, eyes as wide as the moon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto went back to brooding. But Papi, small as he was, refused to be ignored. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they changed it up,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93then you think they know we\u8217\'92re here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to move,\u8221\'94 Moto repeated as he looked back over his shoulder, as if he could see the caravan through the mound of rock. \u8220\'93We need to hop over a few hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Big Rork\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bald, blue-eyed, jug-eared head popped out from behind a boulder to share his opinion on the matter. \u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t move now!\u8221\'94 he shouted. \u8220\'93The Mazid will see us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can move if we\u8217\'92re careful,\u8221\'94 Moto countered. He flicked the air as if Rork\u8217\'92s opinion were a fly. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re is still a ways out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s upper lip curled. This wasn\u8217\'92t a natural facial tick, it was something he did because he thought that flashing his teeth made him look fierce. \u8220\'93If you can see the Mazid,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93then the Mazid sees you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Papi added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should wait for Elrahet\u8217\'92s smoke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of the forty Ayramun were scattered about on either side of the narrow valley, and every one of them was staring up at Moto, Rork, and Papi. None of them except Seb could hear what was being said, but over the years they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d all learned to read body language from afar. Moto was doing a decent job feigning calm, but Papi and Rork\u8217\'92s pained expressions told everyone everything they needed to know. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto picked up his unstrung recurve bow and crawled back up the hilltop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Papi\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Seb called after him. \u8220\'93We should wait for Elrahet\u8217\'92s fog.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn waiting for that witch!\u8221\'94 Moto cried. \u8220\'93If her fog\u8217\'92s not here by now, it\u8217\'92s not coming. We need to move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Ayram?\u8221\'94 Papi asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 said Rork. \u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let Ayram worry about Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From across the valley, Skitter whistled to grab everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention, and as soon as all eyes were in hand, she pointed up to the Hias mountains to the west. There, drifting out of the dark belly of the Junkug Pass, was a gray, wispy mist. Hardly noticeable, but all the same that mist was there and it was drifting down into the hills, growing thicker by the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s magic was coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The snooty look in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes evaporated. He beckoned Seb up to him, and she scurried close. \u8220\'93That damned fog is going to make it impossible to mirror that caravan,\u8221\'94 Moto whispered. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to get down to the plain to make sure I know exactly which path through the hills they\u8217\'92re taking. I\u8217\'92m putting you in charge until I get back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork overheard and was less enthused. He left his boulder and squat-walked over. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t put Seb in charge,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Only Ayram can put someone in charge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care who is in charge,\u8221\'94 Moto said scornfully. \u8220\'93Just don\u8217\'92t leave this valley! Don\u8217\'92t even think about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t anything in Moto\u8217\'92s words for Rork to argue with, though the wild look in his eyes wouldn\u8217\'92t pipe down, and the bulging veins that webbed his shaven skull refused to settle. Rork was a man who was always defending his place in the pecking order. The list of men who could give him short shrift was, itself, short; there was Ayram of course, and then barely Moto. No women. Moteah could probably take him if she were allowed a sword, but Rork would never admit it. He had a hard enough time admitting that he\u8217\'92d lose a brawl to Ayram. He\u8217\'92d have to be dead sober, and even then it\u8217\'92d be all, \u8216\'91you never know\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91if things happened like so-and-so\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91if I were mad real proper then I could beat both Solraheen and Schisol\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hateful eye chased Moto as the man scuttled down the valley slope. At the bottom, Moto dusted off his burnt orange robes and then did a glancing head count to make sure all the Ayramun were where they were supposed to be. Then he broke his own law of silence, \u8220\'93Alright, you idiots,\u8221\'94 he half-shouted. \u8220\'93Sit tight. I\u8217\'92ll be back soon.\u8221\'94 He then turned and ran, disappearing around the hill that slumped into the valley bend. He was gone in less time than it took Seb to fish another borcandi spine out from her sleeve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was chewing through her spines at a prodigious rate. Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leaving only made the stress worse. It was never good for discipline when a leader leaves the group, even a much begrudged second-in-command like Moto. It was only a matter of time before someone got a bright idea that needed taming. Seb figured Rork would be the first to act up, because that\u8217\'92s just who he was. She watched him as he rambled back down to his chosen boulder, muttering insults and curses at no one in particular.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Loosen up, Rork\u8221\'94, said Forty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty was an older woman with a rascal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disposition. She playfully twanged her bow at Rork\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mocking shot at his self-importance. Rork sized up this affront with a puffed chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Big show,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Biiiiig show. Better be careful, Shorty, \u8216\'91cause anythin\u8217\'92 can happen in an ambush. With this mist rolling in, I might not know which way I\u8217\'92m shooting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Same goes for me,\u8221\'94 said Forty, tongue only half-in-cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up,\u8221\'94 Seb urged. \u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s sake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Forty gave Rork one final fleer, then settled down to watch Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mist bleed out of the mountains. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A sense of humidity was the first thing to reach them. Next came the pleasant musk of moistened earth. Up in the mountains the air was thicker, for there the mist was congealing into a driven fog. Slender tendrils spooled out of it and slithered down into the hills. Some of these fog fingers twirled up into the darkening sky, and there the wind caught them, lifted them higher, and splayed them out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A low, rolling drum of distant thunder echoed out from nowhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair play to Elrahet,\u8221\'94 said Papi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb agreed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was shaping up to be Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s finest bit of magic. It was maybe too good. Seb knew that if she could see it, then no doubt a Mazid could see it as well. The rumor was that a Mazid\u8217\'92s eyes could match a vulture\u8217\'92s, and a its ears could out-flap a spade-eared bat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She prayed that Elrahet would have the good sense to calm down and make it all look natural. Then a misty fissure snapped into the sky over the mountain peaks, and from its magic\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d depths there emerged a herd of clouds, storm clouds creeping slowly, hesitantly, like cautious cattle out of the pen, and as soon as they were out into the open air they billowed up as they fed on the cud of magic that issued forth from the stomach of Elrahet\u8217\'92s sacrificial lizard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two fingers later, the clouds had blotted the sun. Gray shadows spilled down into the valleys, and not long after, the advancing fog mantled Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hill and fell upon her. In this impenetrable gloom, her near-sightedness was no longer an impairment; no one could see anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then it began to rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a sprinkling shower at first, little pricklings on the skin, a light peppering of the sandy rock and clay. But soon, the raindrops swelled, and in half-a-hand they were plunking gobs of wet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A bit much, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Papi said as he sheltered his beloved bow with his short brown cape. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t she know I can\u8217\'92t shoot any in the rain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll stop soon,\u8221\'94 Seb assured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It did not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rain dribbled off the rocks and clay, and where there were depressions or scars in the earth, the rain pulled puddles into being, and soon they were boot-swelling pools that overflowed their banks. Streams poured down the valley slopes, remembering the run of furrows that ancient rains had been shaping with a gentle hand for an odd millennia. Seb figured this was more water in one short span than this stretch of desert had seen in a hundred years. It brought out the lizards\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or rather pushed them out. A little gray bonbon popped out of the clay right next to her boot. Its swiveling eye looked mightily confused by the sudden downpour. It was so flustered that it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice Seb\u8217\'92s heel coming down on its head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Might as well be swimming!\u8221\'94 Young Papi shouted through the rising din. The wetness was getting through his layers. \u8220\'93Damn this goddamn rain!\u8221\'94 The curse was hardly out his lips when a gnarled flash of white lightning split through the iron mist above.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CRACK-BOOM!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A chorus of startled yelps echoed out from behind every boulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Papi looked like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d shat himself. \u8220\'93Elrahet\u8217\'92s never conjured more than a mist!\u8221\'94 he squealed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tizm, a gray-scruffed old-timer stationed across the valley grumbled out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That old bitch is gonna get us killed!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Moto?\u8221\'94 came another rain-ragged voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Screw that,\u8221\'94 said another. \u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thus began the bickering. The specific charges and insults being thrown back and forth weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t anything new, but the stress and fear had softened everyone up, so the simplest \u8216\'91eat my shit\u8217\'92 cut deep. If it weren\u8217\'92t for the rain dampening their fighting spirit, there might have been a brawl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t begrudge them their bellyaches. They\u8217\'92d been fed a raw meal. None of them were prepared for this kind of weather. The ground under her own butt was slick and muddy, and if it rained any harder it would be difficult to shoot a bow because a wet bowstring has no spring. And there was no telling what a pounding rain would do to an arrow\u8217\'92s flight because Seb had never shot in such conditions. She knew enough to know that it wouldn\u8217\'92t help. And this was an ambush where everything had to go exactly right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was not good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She sighed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Expectations were getting her up the ass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She needed to look at this with clearer eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes, everything happening here was happening exactly as it was supposed to happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She thumbed a chain of bone beads that she kept stashed in her robe for these moments. As she counted them, one hundred and twenty, she chanted the words to an old rhyme which helped repress her simmering unease with the way things were.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 A well without water}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab \tab is filled with purpose,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab No mercy or slaughter}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab \tab disturbs that surface,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab That means you won\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t drown}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab \tab though you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll still end up dead,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab Because up without down}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 \tab \tab will not weave a thread.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She repeated this a couple times as she drew her shoulders in against the rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And now that she was looking for purpose she could sense a great deal of it. A great destiny was unfolding here, and there were no bit-part players. The Ayramun may be poor and ragged, but each grumpy face was as much a reflection of the first man and woman as any king or queen, each a link in a chain forged by a hundred thousand generations of toil. And all that had put them }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 here.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  All that toiling conspired to bring the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If any tiny thing in all of history had happened differently, then this very moment would not be happening at all. Events would not proceed as they were meant to. Same went for the rest of the world; if the rocks under her feet did not exist then she would be crouching somewhere else, and thus the future would lay in a different weave. Yes, these very rocks were sacred. All things were sacred. The dead lizard under her boot was sacred. All of it was bounded by lines of immanence stretching out from the birth a long dead god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb! Quit fartin\u8217\'92 about!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The call had come from Rork. He and a few other miserable looking louts were down on the valley floor, straddling either side of a nascent stream that was building up in the middle of the run. Seb was about to chastise them for doing Sol-knows-what when she noticed that Moto had returned and was standing in their midst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She leaped to her feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Down in the valley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, Moto\u8217\'92s face was alight with an excitement that no one shared. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong with you people?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re about to bag us a Mazid and you look mad about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tizm, the bent-backed wonder, kicked at the swelling stream, then pointed to the sky and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The old bitch has overcooked it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A refrain of agreement rained down. A few others shushed. Others shushed back. Moto tried to calm them all with plaintive hands, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People. Please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please my ass!\u8221\'94 said Tizm. \u8220\'93This rain will ruin us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The rain is perfect!\u8221\'94 Moto proclaimed. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s got the Hrks hunkered down in a valley finger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks?\u8221\'94 asked Papi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Moto with a wary grin. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Hrks we\u8217\'92re hunting. Hrkan Vessels.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The admission that it was Vessels, not Blackwood caravan men, sent a wave of discontent rippling through the gathered Ayramun. Moto tried to stem the unease by lying. Seb knew it was a lie because when Moto was working through a big lie he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d smile and whine at the same damn time, like people\u8217\'92s doubting faces were annoying him. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve gone and lined themselves up against a wall for us,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Jumping them will be the easiest thing in the world, but we\u8217\'92ve got to hurry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Someone on the outer edge of the huddle blurted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this about Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto raised his voice above the rain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Minder and his Mazid didn\u8217\'92t come with a Blackwood caravan. They came with a Hrkan guard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another round of bickering broke out, punctuated by a angry shout, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They know we\u8217\'92re here!\u8221\'94 and then, \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s ambushin\u8217\'92 who!?\u8221\'94. Then came another round of shushing and counter-shushing. Moto tried again to calm those gathered with frantic hands. In the end, he resorted to a sharp whistle, and that shut everyone right up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The fact that it\u8217\'92s Hrks doesn\u8217\'92t change a damned thing,\u8221\'94 he said sharply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bald head stuck up above the huddle like a veiny, boiled egg bobbing in a hairy stew. \u8220\'93All the better it\u8217\'92s Vessels!\u8221\'94 he shouted. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d rather kill a Hrk than an Outland poke!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re bedded down like rabbits in a straight ravine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The one with all the karkle bushes?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve all got karkle bushes in them,\u8221\'94 Moto replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The valley we\u8217\'92s standing in don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, all we have to do is sneak up and shoot some Hrks. It\u8217\'92ll be the easiest thing in the world. I know it\u8217\'92s raining hard, but I\u8217\'92m not asking you to feather an eye at ten-score yards. With this fog we can get up close. You won\u8217\'92t miss. You can throw stones at them if you want to. You can stuff sand down their throats if you want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Ayram?\u8221\'94 asked another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Frustration flashed across Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. He shot a beseeching look to the heavens. \u8220\'93This is happening whether Ayram\u8217\'92s here or not,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Whether you like it or not. It\u8217\'92s happening }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 now,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  before this rain and fog let up. Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s get moving!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He turned and pushed his way past a few Ayramun, then set off back towards the bend. After the briefest hesitation, Rork marched after him, and at his encouragement, everyone else followed. Together they were a small, sad herd of Outland pokes, a jumble of soggy bodies with sore feet and sorer expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb kept to the back as they climbed out of the valley and crossed over a few others. All the while, she eyed the rainy mist with suspicion. She could feel providence at work in that mist. Unlike the providence that people pray for and expect, this providence was providing something bad. Destructidence is what it was. Deathidence. There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any real word for it, which itself was a sign of the decadent spirit of the age. People only cared about the gods so long as the gods were giving back something good, and these Ayramun were no different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi found his way to Seb at the back of the wandering troupe. The skinny man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was agog with fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya know where we headed?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s that cursed ravine, the one where I found them bones!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya should say somethin\u8217\'92 to the others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t ever say shit, so no one\u8217\'92s gonna listen to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They won\u8217\'92t listen to me neither.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They would,\u8221\'94 Gugi pleaded. \u8220\'93I would. That ravine is cursed, and we are gonna die if we get into it down there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought ya said the curse would follow them bones if I moved \u8216\'91em out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do I know \u8216\'91bout curses? I was just sayin\u8217\'92 shit! For all I know that curse is what brought this storm and lured them Hrks here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, can\u8217\'92t have a little up without some down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi spat a wad of borcandi juice right where Seb was stepping, clearly upset that she could pretend to be composed in a time like this. But before he could press her on it, a muted horse\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whinny split through the splashing rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole group crouched down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All rushed to hide in the side of the nearest sloping mound. They were still a ways away from the ravine where the Hrks were sheltering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto raced back down the line and crouched down next to Seb and Gugi. He lowered his voice to a whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two scouted that ravine, right? The one with the bushes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi and Seb both nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anything I should know about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s cursed,\u8221\'94 Gugi blurted out. \u8220\'93We shouldn\u8217\'92t be here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cursed?\u8221\'94 Moto asked, \u8220\'93What do you mean, cursed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the ravine that had them bones,\u8221\'94 Seb answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Screw those bones,\u8221\'94 Moto snorted. \u8220\'93I need to know the lay of the land. I can\u8217\'92t see through this damned mist, so I don\u8217\'92t know if there\u8217\'92s an easy out for them on the northern side.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto,\u8221\'94 Gugi said firmly, leaning into his words, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m tellin\u8217\'92 you, this place is cursed. It\u8217\'92s gonna get us killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that ravine is cursed for us, then it\u8217\'92s cursed for them, too. Doubly so for them, as they\u8217\'92re sitting in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But we the ones that been warned!\u8221\'94 Gugi cried. \u8220\'93Hrks didn\u8217\'92t find no bones! I did! }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Me!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto gave up on Gugi and turned to Seb. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there any way in and out of that ravine that\u8217\'92s too easy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s mostly steep. There\u8217\'92s a little throat on the other side that\u8217\'92s kinda like a stair, but that\u8217\'92s it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How wide is that stair?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not that wide. But\u8230\'85maybe it\u8217\'92s wide enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto thought for a moment, then whistled for his sister, Moteah. Moteah was unhappy to be at her brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s beck and call. She was maybe half Moto\u8217\'92s age, not a girl but barely a woman, and despite that, she carried herself with the same air of authority that Moto did. Her self-serious brow bowed for no one save the sun. She was the only one who could get away with defying Moto, so Moto made sure to give his next command a little extra aggressiveness. \u8220\'93Get Rork and nine others to follow Seb and Gugi. They\u8217\'92ll lead you round to the other side of the ravine.\u8221\'94 He pointed behind Moteah\u8217\'92s shoulder, ostensibly pointing to ravine\u8217\'92s opposite bank, but with the fog and rain he might have well been pointing at the moon. \u8220\'93The rest of us are going to hit the Hrks from this side. If any cups take off running, they\u8217\'92re going to be headed towards you. So be quick, and be ready. There won\u8217\'92t be a whistle. You\u8217\'92ll know they\u8217\'92re coming when they come.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah snuck away and gathered up Rork and the nearest nine fearful looks. Seb crowned herself lead navigator and began to guide them all back the way they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d came, towards the mountains, keeping the course of the cursed ravine to her right. When she felt they\u8217\'92d gone far enough, she led them sliding down into the ravine, then scrambled quickly back up the other side. Once up, they headed back towards the plain, keeping low and quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Soon she heard a loud snort. Then came another, followed by a whinny. Wagon ponies were drinking their fill of rainwater.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She crouched down, and the Ayramun behind did likewise. She ambled over to the edge of the ravine and slithered up against a big, solid boulder that leaned over the ravine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip. From there she could hear horse hooves stamping in the ravine\u8217\'92s stream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If a horse was that close, then a Hrk might be closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She steeled her nerves and peered over the boulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Right below her was a thin brown horse still hitched to a wagon. The wagon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bed was covered by a canvas sheet drawn tight over lumpy cargo. Behind this wagon was another horse and another covered wagon, and whatever was behind that was lost to the mist. There was no army here, just one man, a full-blooded Hrk a full black beard that made his head seem massive atop a skinny neck. He was, no doubt, a wagonmaster, busy as he was trying to repair a wheel whose iron tire had somehow slipped. The urgency of his hammer spoke of a fellow who knew about the curse that water puts on a wooden wheel that\u8217\'92s been drawing dry. In his rush, his hammer-blow missed and bumped against the wagon\u8217\'92s boards. This juddering loosed the latch which pinned the tailgate. When the tailgate popped open, a dead body fell out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a dead Jandri girl in a white tunic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb turned to the troupe behind her. The confusion on her face must have been easy to read because Rork grunted and invited himself up to Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rock. \u8220\'93Let me see,\u8221\'94 he growled as he peered out over the rock\u8217\'92s hump.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His whole egg-head tilted in confusion as he absorbed the scene\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a lonesome wagonmaster, two horses and two wagons, and what looked like a cargo of dead. There was no sign of the actual enemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whore\u8217\'92s breath,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah joined Rork and Seb at the boulder and quietly stole a look for herself. Her usually uptight expression didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t show the slightest hint of concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are they hauling dead bodies for?\u8221\'94 Rork asked her in a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would I know?\u8221\'94 Moteah answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cause your brother\u8217\'92s the one who went scouting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do I look like Moto to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do,\u8221\'94 Rork said with a smirk. \u8220\'93If\u8217\'92n he sprouted tits, I couldn\u8217\'92t tell you two apart.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow tightened further. Seb knew that look wasn\u8217\'92t a good way to deal with Rork. The best thing to do was to ignore him altogether, because to a dog like him, her brow was nothing but a wrinkle of moistened meat urging him on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bitch is leadin\u8217\'92 us into a trap,\u8221\'94 he whispered to the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not leading anyone anywhere. Seb is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb felt the eyes of both these schemers bear down upon her.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t lookit me,\u8221\'94 she whispered back. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t set this up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were still looking at her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pointed back towards the ravine, past the wagons. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s an overhang down a ways,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It could do as a cave. It could be that the Hrks have taken it up.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, you\u8217\'92re a soilbucket.\u8221\'94 Rork\u8217\'92s voice was reckless now, loud enough for the wagonman to hear. \u8220\'93This is a goddamned trap if I ever seen one. I bet both my beauties that those Hrks know we\u8217\'92re here.\u8221\'94 He turned towards the cloud of mist from which they\u8217\'92d come and cast his suspicious eye about, as if the dark boulders lurking in the haze behind were really Hrkan Vessels in disguise. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it all,\u8221\'94 he grumbled. \u8220\'93If I\u8217\'92m gonna die, I\u8217\'92m gonna die killing.\u8221\'94 He unwrapped his tall bow from its cow-leather strap and strung it with an easy flick. The rest of the Ayramun caught on to his excitement, and they strung their bows in kind. Once readied, they all crept up to the lip of the ravine. When their fists were full of arrows, Rork gave his bow a pull to test the string, and then he stood up and loosed an arrow at the unaware wagonmaster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One blink after the fletching was free from his fingers, the arrow was planting itself into the back of that Hrkan neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man clutched and gurgled. He fell to his knees and splashed face-first into the budding stream. The lead horse whinnied and stamped when it found its drink awash with blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork ducked back behind the boulder and gave Seb a contented grin, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just won the battle all by himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then they waited.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They waited for at least a full finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rain started to let up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Soon, the swish of the ravine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s running water was louder than the plunks which poured from the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Having had enough of waiting, Rork made to climb down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb caught the hem of his robe and pulled him back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 she rasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no one here,\u8221\'94 Rork sneered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto said to wait!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork gestured at all the nothingness around them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait for what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For them to come!\u8221\'94 Seb snapped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of the Ayramun, a young one named Ritt, popped his head up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s Hrks down there somewhere, I feel it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet down!\u8221\'94 Moteah hissed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Much to her dismay, and Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s amazement, Rork freed himself from Seb\u8217\'92s grasp and jumped down into the ravine. He then put his thumb to his lips and whistled out a three-chirp alarm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 bright, sharp, and very loud. The horse\u8217\'92s ears swiveled as they regarded him with great confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rork crouched, bow drawn, and waited for something to happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nothing did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He growled a curse and shot an arrow into the back of the already dead Hrk. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not stayin\u8217\'92 here no longer!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, he marched across the ravine and tossed his bow up onto the other side and began to climb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah swept up in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s periphery and shot an arrow right at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In clean, dry air a gull-feather arrow with a whistling nock would trill with excitement when released, but soggy as it was, Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrow flew across the ravine with nary a whine. Rork had no idea what hit him, and it hit him right between the shoulder blades. It burrowed deep to nick his heart. He fell backwards, back into the ravine, limp dead before he even hit the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was stunned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was against the rules to even scratch one of their own, even if it was Rork. Killing an Ayramun was a privilege reserved for Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before she could get out a word, Moteah grabbed her by the neck of her robe and yanked her down behind the boulder. Seb twisted the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand away and held it firm in her wiry grip. \u8220\'93What ya kill him for!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah put her finger to her lips and shushed. Seb grimaced then spat the whole borcandi blob that had been stewing in her cheek. She spat it right at Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, but quick as a cat, Moteah ducked out of its terrifying arc. The wad landed with a splat on Gugi\u8217\'92s chest. Gugi squealed in disgust as he flicked the gooey gunk away, and this prompted Moteah to clap his mouth shut with her free hand. Her eyes flared caution at both of them. She pointed with her chin to the opposite bank and mouthed a silent warning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Hrks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb peered around the boulder. There across the ravine were two shawled figures wandering out of the mist. At first she took them for Ayramun, but one made a foreign gesture to the other. When Seb saw a flash of white under a ruddy cloak she knew for sure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those were Hrkan Vessels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The two figures paused, cocked their heads towards Seb like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d felt her thoughts ripple the fog between them. They dropped down flat against the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb ducked fast behind her boulder. She turned to Moteah and whispered hard, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They know!\u8221\'94 The sound was hardly out her mouth when from behind them, on their own safe side of the ravine, a Hrkan horn of war thrilled the air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEE-ooooooooooooooooooommmm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hrkan battle horns are deep and drooping bleats that can tremble the bones of well armored lizards. Seb was clad in nothing but rags. When that horn blast jumped up behind her it nearly startled her right out of them. She yelped, swore, stared into the fog, and there, running right towards her, was a blurry host of men. Hrkan Vessels. Their white cloaks were trimmed with thin strips of red, green, and blue\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hrkan white\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and they flashed bright like god underneath their brown disguises. Maybe twenty or more of them, moving in silence, a leggy, speckled blob, all business, just jogging right up like they were lost and about to ask for the road. They had no use for intimidating screams. They were killers, not soldiers. Their goal was to end the enemy, not route them. They lived for the frenzy of a small skirmish where all of life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pain and sorrow would be anesthetized by glory as man proved himself against another man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The horn bleated again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEE-oooooooooooooooooommmm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The cuppy blob began to sprint. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb felt a strange warmth running down her thigh. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pissed herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah loosed an arrow, then took off sprinting towards the mountains. Seb ran after her, and the rest of the Ayramun chased. They followed the ravine, pursued by that mob of Hrks, while on the opposite bank those two Hrkan cloaks had somehow multiplied into twenty. They shadowed the Ayramun, silent like the others, bunching up against the rim as they waited for the terrain to present an opportunity to close the gap and kill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb nocked an arrow mid stride and shot it across. It flew harmlessly into the mist. Others had more luck\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Gugi put an arrow through the leading man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg. The next man was struck down when an arrow rammed into the side of his neck. These two figures crumpled to the ground and those behind bumbled over them, but this did little to slow the chase. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Moteah jumped down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What insanity could have possessed that girl to give those cups a leaping chance? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The answer came in an instant\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a thin, golden beam of Mazidfire came ripping right by Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The line of this blazing fire screamed out into the misty distance, perhaps striking the mountains themselves. Then like a sword it began to swipe. Seb ducked low to avoid its arc, but the men behind weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so lucky. The fire ran right through the back of Gugi\u8217\'92s head and burst out of his eye-socket as if his brains and bone weren\u8217\'92t there. His body slumped down as the fireline\u8217\'92s distant fulcrum continued to swivel, sending that narrow beam of death swiping downwards, cutting four Ayramun into uneven halves before smashing into the earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then, as suddenly as the Mazidfire came, it was cut, and what was left went roaring into mud, leaving in its wake charred flesh, black glass, glowing-red stone, and smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those still alive threw themselves down the ravine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steep slope. Seb bumped into a karkle bush on the way down and rolled uncontrollably, then flopped belly-first onto the muddy ground and slid with a splash into the ravine\u8217\'92s stream. The rest of the Ayramun were already scrambling to their feet and fleeing after Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stayed put.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There in front of her eyes was the very bush she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen that morning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the bush from under which she\u8217\'92d pulled those bones. Black twigs bloomed above her like a monument to fate. Her mind was unpinned by the significance of it, and she felt that awesome humbling chill which only comes when one catches a glimpse of the divine plan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No, that was wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This bush was just a bush\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no more or less a player in the divine plan as the mud squishing against her stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This bush was just a bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And yet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And yet she was supposed to crawl up under that bush. So, she did. She crawled up under it, and she lay herself down right where those bones had been. She watched through the brambles as the Hrks descended upon her straggling companions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ten of the leaping Vessels were shot down by arrows before their feet landed in the ravine, yet the Vessels, undaunted, charged on. Their feet flung mud as their powerful strides carried them towards their prey. Seb cowered, lest the obligation of battle come to her. She could help no one. Not even herself. She could only watch as the first Vessels surrounded her companions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Hidden as she was, she could not see what happened next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She heard it well enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Metal clanged, mud-caked fists smacked faces with wet thumps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sharp elbows cracked ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nothing was so horrible as the squelching of a repeated stabbing. No doubt that fling of limb and muck was rich with deeds that warranted songs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of the Vessels gave a gruff order to stop. That meant there was only one Ayramun left\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 now had come the right of single combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rest of the Hrks climbed out and ran off into the fog to search for more Outland pokes to poke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Down in the ravine, two combatants faced each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Seb tried to see who it was that was still alive, but she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite manage it with her blurry vision. It was a man, at least, and short. Maybe it was Ritt. He was wounded, wet, and breathing hard, but so was his enemy. Their short blades were held out before them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb felt the itch of purpose stirring in her stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perhaps the bush had reserved her for this very moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here was an opportunity for decisive action. That was all anyone could ever ask for in life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 clarity of cause and effect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the outcome of this duel turned with her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She twisted out from under her bush to fire an arrow, but just as she did, two figures stepped up to the lip of the ravine above her. The shorter one opened its mouth and a golden beam of Mazidfire burst out, cutting both combatants in two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb froze in fear at the sight of a Minder and his Mazid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She scuttled back up under her bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She had never seen a Mazid before. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see much of it now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was shorter than its Minder by a good foot. It was skinny, and its gangly self was wrapped up in black robes like a witch. Its head was shrouded by shallow cowl, like a penitent priest. Seb couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see its eyes, only the general gauntness of its face. The Minder was an enormous Jandri man, beardless, dressed in silken white. In his left hand he held a black-lacquered umbrella that shielded him, poorly, from the rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another man joined them up on that bank. Unlike the others, he was a natural born Hrk with blackred hair graying around the temples and copper skin. His eyebrows were so thick they could flog a turtle. His dark cloak was held together by a silver sunrose brooch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the mark of military command. Underneath this cloak were the hrkwhite robes of a Vessel. This captain marched up to the much shorter Mazid, bearing a look of such contempt that he seemed about to strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Explain yourself!\u8221\'94 he shouted as he pointed to the two sizzling corpses down in the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you mean,\u8221\'94 said the Mazid, meekly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain chafed at the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s play at ignorance. \u8220\'93You interrupted a sacred rite! What\u8217\'92s more, you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 killed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  one of my men!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know which was which.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you killed both?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain then turned on the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Minder. \u8220\'93Lordling Salavan! I told you then, and I\u8217\'92ll tell you now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you should have chosen a proper Vessel as your Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Voice, Salavan, clicked his tongue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Spare me your critique, I won\u8217\'92t hear it. If you feel anger, direct it towards the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain wagged his finger. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is your responsibility!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan shrugged off this charge and said to his Mazid, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Apologize to the captain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Apologize}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 !?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 the captain fumed. \u8220\'93What use do I have for an apology? Tell me, what can my dead man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  with it?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He can\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t answer!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan, clearly unaccustomed to such rudeness, struck a look of amused disbelief. He folded up his umbrella and held it out to the captain as if it were a peace offering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You may strike my Mazid, if you like. I find that hitting it works out all frustration.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain took the umbrella firm in hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Avoid the head and neck,\u8221\'94 Salavan said. \u8220\'93And obviously, the lungs and stomach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain swung the umbrella and brought its butt down hard on the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder socket. A smack rang out, and the Mazid\u8217\'92s arm sunk down and went limp, clearly dislocated. Though the blow was brutal, Seb winced more than the Mazid did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your Mazid is defective,\u8221\'94 the captain muttered. \u8220\'93You should have chosen a Vessel!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I chose who I chose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You chose wrong. It\u8217\'92s a wonder the Lords make use of these things at all. The Mazidai have long outlived their utility. There are no armies to burn. We Vessels can handle these miserable pokes on our own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Captain,\u8221\'94 Salavan said, ripe with disdain, \u8220\'93The only reason you deal with pokes at all is because the Outland tribes are too whipped by the Mazidai to become anything more than lean outlaws. Get rid of my office, and you might find yourself on the front line of a real battle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  battle?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 the captain huffed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I meant no disrespect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It sounded like you did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assure you, I meant no disrespect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Though Seb could not see well, she could see that the captain was about to explode. Every fiber of his discipline was snapping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan drew his fat lips tight. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92ve something foul to say, then let\u8217\'92s have it out. I won\u8217\'92t have any of this rudeness in my presence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The old captain glowered at both the Minder and his Mazid. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remember that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  are here to make things easier for }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93not the other way around. Killing my men outright is a violation of that mission. Worthy of censure! If you were not a Lordly Voice, I would have you hollowed out for incompetency!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I were not a Voice,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93you could do all manner of things. But fantasies are the domain of children and beggars, not soldiers who stand up straight. White light, if you are Hrkan Vessel then I worry for our Lordship. Look at you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pomped up like you deserve something better than what you have, like you don\u8217\'92t understand that I can speak to you how I want. Worry about yourself, captain, lest that self-important stomach growl too loudly and forget the station of its Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d threaten a Handle of the Vessels!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would, if he threatened a Voice and his Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain seethed, then put his hands on his hips and eyed the Lordling Salavan with a self-assured gleam. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I doubt you have the control to do anything to me,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Just the other day one of my men saw your Mazid let a poke run free. It could have easily burned the man down, but it didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That man went free because this Mazid doesn\u8217\'92t control its fire. I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  let that poke run free?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean exactly what I said. Do you not know how language works?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face screwed up as he slowly put two and two together. \u8220\'93Are you saying }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  killed my man here?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan cracked a sly grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know which was which.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The captain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped, and for a moment it seemed as if he\u8217\'92d forgotten how to stand. Then he puckered himself up and yelled, \u8220\'93Wait until Lord Gagan hears about this! He\u8217\'92ll have you out in the pastures where you belong, minding sheep not Mazidai!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan countenanced the captain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s threat with a skeptical brow. Seb could\u8217\'92ve sensed the man\u8217\'92s stinging smugness from the other side of the world. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan said to his Mazid, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill that man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat glowed gold, and in a flash its mouth was ablaze with the fire of the gods. A heartbeat later, the captain crumpled to the ground, and in the place where his forehead used to be was a black and smoldering hole. What was left of his face was fixed in hurtled surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan grunted his satisfaction before regarding his Mazid with contempt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can feel your resentment,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93In time you\u8217\'92ll learn that it\u8217\'92s no use fighting my commands. You have no choice in the\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His words were interrupted by the act of the Mazid shuffling towards the ravine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip. Shock dawned on Salavan\u8217\'92s face as the creature began to climb down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 Salavan spat, but the Mazid did not answer. It had jumped down into the ravine\u8217\'92s belly and was walking towards Seb\u8217\'92s bush. It was close enough now that Seb could see its gaunt visage clearly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a ghoul of a person, with empty, Sparkless eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop!\u8221\'94 Salavan commanded with a shout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His word shook the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spine. It paused, struggled a step, then continued on as if laden with chains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan stretched out his left arm, which was missing a hand. His stubby wrist was wrapped in white cotton and ornamented with golden trinkets fixed to a net of delicate golden chains. He pointed this jangling nub at the Mazid and bellowed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93STOP!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His shout was so strong that the word had form and purpose. It punched through the simpering rain, flinging water out of the way and wrenching Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own Spark inside her stomach. It struck the Mazid with a crippling force, as every single muscle in the creature\u8217\'92s scrawny body snapped taut. This creature tilted, unbalanced, and then it fell, stiff as a stone, splashing onto the muddy ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its dark eyes swiveled in their sockets and found Seb inside her bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She lay transfixed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s long journeys through the Sand she had looked every manner of creature in the eye, and in each of them she\u8217\'92d found some sort of kinship, and though this Mazid looked, in part, like a young Jandri lad, she felt no love for its bald, hollow visage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan climbed down into the belly of the ravine. This short effort put the man out of breath, and he stood still for a moment before marching over to the Mazid and giving it a probing kick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Mazid was still stiff as a board. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan cursed his own luck, then picked the limb-bent creature up, put it upon his great shoulders, and began to walk away. He was almost lost in the mist when Seb scuttled out of her bush and drew her boot knife.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  She crept along, making extra sure she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t slop too loudly in the muck as she closed the distance. She matched his footfalls. She kept herself ready to leap. Excitement swelled when the big man strolled past the bodies of Rork and the Hrkan wagonmaster, for there were also horses whose movements might hide her own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She picked up her pace. The first horse eyed her dumbly, oblivious to her murderous intent. Soon she was only yards away from the Salavan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s swishing robe, and when she could no longer contain herself, she screamed such a deep and wild scream that it surprised even herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan dropped his burden in fright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She plunged her knife into his flinching shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She yanked it out. Her blade blurred against a back-swinged arc of blood before getting lost altogether as she rushed through a flurry of blows. Salavan twisted and fell into the sticky mud. He tried to scramble free, tried to shove aside her fury, but the man had only one good hand. He raised his ornamented forearm to shield his face, but Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knife was there between the golden chains, and it was there again between the ribs, and there in the silk-robed stomach, and in the neck, then chipping through the bone in his flailing elbow. It jabbed at the man\u8217\'92s throat, and jabbed again, and again, and she did not let up until her knife slipped out of her hand from the glut of blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few gratuitous punches later, and Salavan, the Lordling, Voice of Meskalim, Minder of a Mazid, was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sat back on the dead man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s waist and admired the kill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t clean, but the struggle had been quick, one-sided, and glorious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She admired her ultimate prize, the bald Mazid, who lay limp in the mud behind. Its eyes were stilled and its body was dead, as it was no longer bound to any will. The sight of it settled her into the realization that she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d succeeded where all the other Ayramun had failed. An exultant cheer welled up in her stomach. She made to let loose victory, but her shout was chilled by the sight of a short, irascible pillar of black rags standing only a few yards away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some unseemly witchness had swept the woman down from her mountain cave, and there she stood amidst the mist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her dark eyes quested the muddy ground, ignoring Seb and her glory. She followed some unseen trail towards the Hrkan wagon. Once there, she used her gnarled cane to prod at the body which had fallen out of the wagon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb quickly gathered herself up, and the limp Mazid as well, and hustled over to Elrahet. She held the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body out as an offering, expecting praise, but Elrahet merely glanced and nodded. She was more concerned with the dead Jandri girl at her feet, and the wagon itself, which was packed to the boards with more dead youths. They were crammed inside that bed like poached pigs. Elrahet knocked one of their dangling arms with her cane and said, in her sneering way, \u8220\'93The Burshageet has outgrown its suckling chin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sight of so many bodies unsettled Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach, even though she herself was coated in mud and the blood of a man she\u8217\'92d stabbed to pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said scornfully. \u8220\'93I can smell their Sparks. Look.\u8221\'94 The dead girl at her feet was half-slipped from her white tunic. Elrahet poked her in the stomach with her cane to drag the tunic further up, revealing a raspberry ring of blood welling up under the skin, circling her belly-button.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She was meant for food,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Food?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Food for the Burshageet. We\u8217\'92ve not caught our Mazid a moment too soon. The beast is grown enough to feast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet sneered at the implication that she could possibly be wrong.}}