{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next morning, when the shadows were long, Mandri stole himself away from the hike. He ducked behind a bush, broke off one of its thorns, and used it as a needle to poke a hole in the tip of his god-eye burgeon. He dabbed one fat droplet of juice onto his tongue. More than that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do. The idea was to escape himself and liven up the day\u8217\'92s journey, not end up catatonic like before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He used the thorn to plug the tiny hole he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made in the burgeon, then stuffed the blessed bulb into a pocket. At noon, he\u8217\'92d lick another drop. From there, he\u8217\'92d play it by feel. Three doses a day should last him a week. When it was dried out, he\u8217\'92d roll it flat and experiment to discover the best method of ingestion. Then, he would steal another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rejoined the hike. He kept far enough away from the group to avoid being drawn into conversation. He wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind being found out in the end, so long as all he\u8217\'92d gotten the chance to see the sights he was aiming to see, with his faculties free to remember them. And this was a fantastic opportunity. The vast expanse of sand, bush, and stumpy tree was a fair place to be doing this kind of thing. Compared to a cave, there would be so much more to see, and much better light to see it by. Already, it was beautiful; every shadow was suffused with a purpling pink, courtesy of the early morning sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He shuffled along in anticipation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sun climbed higher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The heat began to tickle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When a whole hand had passed, he began to wonder if he needed to double the dose. The burgeon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dissociative effect was supposed to kick in before the sun got a chance to harden his face into that familiar Outland squint, yet here was the bright white clay, reflecting the burn up into his eyes. It pained him to look anywhere but directly at his feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He spared one last look for the sun to curse that necessary evil. He shaded his gaze with his hand, as if that would make staring at it more sensible. An irate glance would have done the job, but he had to stare because he hated that goddamned thing. But, this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a battle he could win.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sun was still there, burned into his vision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He feared that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just done something very stupid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For half a hand he was blinking constantly, and did not calm down when the edges of that white circle began to dissipate. After, he began to see white threads. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first, those threads were only white floaters, like what he saw when he rubbed his eyes, only they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t go away. Some of those threads looked like they were rooted out there in the world. He knuckled his eyes to make sure, and yes, they stayed put instead of drifting around. He could hardly believe it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin white wiggling filaments were rooted alongside the rocks and stumpy trees. These flighty fibers were mostly finger-to-arm in length, but long strands of it grew up into the sky, some up to the clouds, bending in the soaring wind. A sparse canopy of thread-like tentacles wiggled through a rainbow sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered as he watched it all sway in the heat. Each strand, long or short, was well-defined, with no blur, or boil, or bleeding edges. It was if he were perfectly sober and seeing some strange new species of plant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No doubt this was the god-eye sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was struck by an overwhelming urge to paint the scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lamented the lack of materials. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If he had a stick of charcoal and a sheet of paper, he could start sketching right then and there. He knew that if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t record this vision now, as he saw it, necessary details would be forgotten. One night\u8217\'92s sleep, and they\u8217\'92d be lost forever. That thought was terrifying, because this scene }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 needed }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 to be remembered. Who knew how long it would last. And as he was the only one seeing it, only his hand could give this scene a body, an image in a frame, one which could move about the world and inject the meaning of this exact moment into every future moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But how could he capture the essence of these ethereal threads by scribbling with a stick of coal? Or even pigment?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It would be difficult.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Reality conspired against him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was hopeless to even try.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep walking,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled as she drifted by. She passed over a few of those tufted white filaments stuck in the sand. Their ends reached and latched onto her desert-bitten robe. They stretched as the wind flicked the hem, and when they stretched out more than they could bear, then snapped back down to their roots like petulant children. They wanted desperately to touch that old woman. Why shouldn\u8217\'92t they, for sitting inside of her body was a golden Spark which instilled an urge for nearness. It nearly outshone the sun. And there were smaller Sparks all around, shimmering in all different colors; flies, gnats, sand fleas dug into the dirt. The dead desert was alive with these these little sparkles playing amongst the planted threads. It looked like a spotty meadow aglow with fireflies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of these Sparks was more interesting than most. It appeared to sit inside an ordinary block of sandstone. The sand was littered with similar blob-backed boulders, but only one had a Spark stuck inside its core. Its color twisted from red to purple, then, dimly, red to pink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri walked towards it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He got distracted by a sparkle in front of his face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an annoying fly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The faint screech of the vulture above shivered the loose threads which drifted in the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A gust of wind blew, and the sizzle of sand grains sent every sprouted thread in eyesight buzzing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The thupping of leather-bound feet rippled them, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sound of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shout spiked his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MANDRI!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder and yanked him down, forcing him onto his ass. She dragged him backwards through all this numinous beauty like he were a child.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let go!\u8221\'94 he shouted, but she only stopped when he twisted himself out of her grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you blind!?\u8221\'94 she shouted back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By now, the others had turned and were hustling towards them. Moto snorted and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you we need to find another Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was only trying to take a piss,\u8221\'94 Mandri whined. He couldn\u8217\'92t tell if they bought the lie because their faces might as well have not existed. He could see their Sparks. They were all white, Hrkwhite as they say, a white so bright it bursts out of itself and splits softly into rays of red, green, and blue. Each of these Sparks had a white filament sprouting out of it, each of them pointing in the direction in which their bearer walked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was an old hand at feigning sobriety no matter how far gone he was, so even as he gawked at the sight of those Sparks, instinct propelled him through a hearty scoff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see what the big deal is,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah picked up a loose pebble, then side-armed it at the Sparked boulder that had initially drawn his interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pebble smacked into the boulder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The boulder flinched and hissed as it flashed its yellow fangs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A lizard!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That boulder was a red lizard. The creature hunched back into a squat, and as it did, its flat scales melted back into indefinition. It was a near perfect camouflage. Mandri squinted in a vain attempt to reattain a sense of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He strained to see more clearly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s red head emerged from stone-ish shape. First came a scrunched-up snout laden with drooling flews, like a hound. Then, an outsized human skull rose up, a skull with deep sockets that framed yellow, snake-slitted eyes. The creature tried to hide those eyes behind its knotted hands, but oh, those hands were abominations, all curled up and taloned like a long-lived pillow lizard whose claws are never trimmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A demon!\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted. \u8220\'93Kill it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto grunted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t I give you a sword? If you want to kill it, run over there and kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could almost feel that demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s teeth sinking into his flesh, scratching another nick into his thighbone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll warn you,\u8221\'94 Moto said as he bent down to impose on Mandri\u8217\'92s ear. \u8220\'93Even small demons are difficult to kill. They are easy to wound, but if that is all you do, then you have to chase it down. If you don\u8217\'92t, it will come back to get revenge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shuffled backwards and bumped into Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg. He stammered through an apology as he was unable to express a cogent thought at the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Them demons got no courage when they alone. An\u8217\'92 they dumber than the rocks they look like. Shit, we all lookin\u8217\'92 right at it, and it thinks we don\u8217\'92t know it\u8217\'92s there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram reached down and grabbed an Ayram-sized throwing stone. He turned this heavy stone around in his hand. Fuzzy white threads sprouted out of the stone and found grooves in his giant palm. Other white threads spooled out of his shoulder, reached out towards the demon. When his grip was settled, he fixed his gaze, and all those threads drew taut. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His long arm whipped that rock straight at the demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SMACK!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock exploded into fragments and dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demon flew backwards into a tumble. Blood gargled out of its smashed up snout as it shrieked. It tried to stand back up, but Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stone had robbed its legs of confidence. It juddered, slipped, floundered around before limp-sprinting sadly away. It zig-zagged, as if unsure of which way to flee. When its uncertainty won out, it plopped back down to reassume the shape of a rock. It was hidden\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or so it thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good target practice,\u8221\'94 Ayram muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The distance was such that to call Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throw impressive would have been an insult.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let the boy try,\u8221\'94 Elrahet suggested. \u8220\'93Summon your fire, Mazid. Slay that demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It took Mandri a moment to realize that she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just spoken to him. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He won\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Ayram declared with certainty. \u8220\'93I would rather have Moteah try. Moteah, stick your nub against his spine and squeeze the fire out of him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet scowled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girl will no more wring the fire from the boy than a snake wrings water from a stone. No, our Mazid will conquer himself, or he will die. Now open your mouth send that demon back to Shis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have not tried.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was right about that. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t tried, and he didn\u8217\'92t want to. This was not the right time for it. He needed to be sober for this sort of thing. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to be blunt,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s worth the effort.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a demon!\u8221\'94 Moto cried. \u8220\'93Do you not understand that it was made to kill?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could say the same for you,\u8221\'94 Mandri countered. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve all got to eat. We kill, then we eat. A hungry demon, a hungry lizard, a hungry man, who am I to judge?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A black blur flew out of nowhere and slapped Mandri so hard in cheek that the impact sprawled him out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn!\u8221\'94 Mandri griped. His cheek stung like it had been hit by a fist. \u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92d you have to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stood over him. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d crossed a distance of ten feet faster than he could blink, and she\u8217\'92d slapped him near to unconsciousness. He\u8217\'92d thought it was Moto who\u8217\'92d done it. But there she was, standing over him like a carrion fowl, back bent with a peevish beak, herald of a day of death with the sun already high in the sky, scowling. If it weren\u8217\'92t for her golden Spark doing flips inside her stomach, he would have thought she was all black and about to feast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walk,\u8221\'94 she growled. \u8220\'93All of you. I must speak with the boy alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun were as stunned as Mandri. They did not register Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s command until Ayram said, \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go.\u8221\'94 Then Ayram trodded off, and one by one, they followed him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s walking stick reached out to guide Mandri\u8217\'92s sore cheek away from the sight of their receding Sparks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer me,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93and answer me plain. How would you feel if everyone in the world dropped dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The question caught Mandri as off guard. Almost like she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d slapped him a second time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would feel bad?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You seem unsure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just don\u8217\'92t understand what it has to do with\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer the question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would feel bad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liar,\u8221\'94 Elrahet spat. \u8220\'93I can see inside you boy, and what I see is Black.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For the first time since the god-eye sight took hold, Mandri though to look inside himself. He could see his bones through his skin and robe; they were gray and ghastly. His could see his organs, each of them dark. His lungs were two spreading wings of rot encased by ribs, with turgid streams of ink running out of them, down to his fingers and toes, down to his stomach, which was as black as Black could be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are a Mazid,\u8221\'94 Elrahet sneered. \u8220\'93You are filled with Black. The rest of us are blessed with shining Sparks\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you are a waking void. A drear curse, yes, but ask yourself and answer it plain, why must a person be filled with Black before being made into a Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85uh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Black induces despair. It suffocates purpose. It douses the Spark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re saying I\u8217\'92ve been corrupted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tease my meaning, boy. Grasp it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I never had a strong Spark to begin with. I think that\u8217\'92s why I was chosen to be made a Mazid. I had no purpose, and they gave me one whether I wanted it or not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you were told? Why, then, were you filled with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 so much }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Black? If your purpose was as absent as you imagine, a tiny speck could outweigh it. If your Spark was so dim, why waste that rarest element?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re asking the wrong person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I? \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t pretend like I know more than you about any of this, but if you knew me, you wouldn\u8217\'92t be arguing. I was\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He faltered as he recalled that old feeling of absolute dejection. \u8220\'93You have what you\u8217\'92re doing,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93and I don\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s all I\u8217\'92ll say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scowl appeared to soften. She scratched her chin. \u8220\'93Hmmph,\u8221\'94 she grunted, and she hiked up her robe to more easily sit down. Either this was gong to take longer than she expected, or this was a real empathetic gesture, lowering herself to his level.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She sat cross legged and thought for a moment about the best course of action. Mandri gave her time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you have a fate?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93Before you were made a Mazid, did you have a fate?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You had no purpose, yet you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  have a fate? What is the difference between purpose and fate?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re saying that my fate is my purpose, then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is no difference,\u8221\'94 she interrupted. \u8220\'93Will, fate, purpose, they are all the same substance as the Spark. Your Mazidfire is the most concentrated form of it. The world was once suffused with it. Threads of fate and purpose did bind every life together in a sacred weave woven by the hand of Solraheen. You may feel worthless, here and now, as if you have been cut out of it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 because you have! None are now tied to it. That weave was shredded long ago. Threads of fate blow in the wind like whipseed, unbound to the Sparks they were meant move. That emptiness you did feel, everyone feels. The littlest worm feels it, if it ever takes the time to introspect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Above them, high above them, a miles long thread of severed fate floated above a cloud. Its long swerve glinted in the sun. A gust of wind buffeted it, and it curled over. If Elrahet were speaking true, that long thread in the sky was meant to tie someone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life to a certain future. Instead, it drifted aimlessly in the open sky. Mandri wondered if that thread was his.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am tired,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. \u8220\'93More tired than I have ever been. I have spent my life trying to rebind this world\u8217\'92s story, yet it remains a mess. All I have left is the hope that all of this has happened, and will happen, as Solraheen desired. Much of that hope is in you, for inside you is a Spark made by the same god who did make mine. I must believe that Spark is more powerful than the Black which contains it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to believe that too,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I just have this sinking feeling that hope will only make my eventual failure feel all the more horrible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A coward\u8217\'92s delusion,\u8221\'94 Elrahet sighed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Except it\u8217\'92s happened to me before, so, no, it\u8217\'92s not a delusion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A slightly sardonic smile, as if she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The deeper secrets of the Black lie beyond my ken,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93All I can do is encourage you to try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She declined into silence and simply sat with him. Mandri felt warmth from her in the willingness to simply be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you been with a woman?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Mandri said, half-choking on his own surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you lain with a woman?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She reached out to place a hand upon on his cheek. Mandri was so tangled up in the shock of what was happening that he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t pull away. The moment the chill of her touch hit his skin he forgot about everything.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She forced him to look into her aged eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dewy, dark eyes. Blazing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She folded him into the clarity of her fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 A binding spell, he thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She forced him into her eyes again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dewy, dark eyes. Blazing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Iron-red scleral veins}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 dark irises}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 folding him into the clarity of her fear}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 into her meaning}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 like this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 she dropped him onto a bed of spangled ferns}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 she smothered him with wet-breast groans}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 she let him taste the joy of being human}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Bliss}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Clarity again, then a yielding:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 to burgeon addled symmetries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 swirling around black irises}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 dissolving into paint on the pad of a finger}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ten-hundred millennia ago}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 all this history drained into a wash of blue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 all this blue shifted into a vast and windswept sky}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 all this sky tessellated into cells with boundaries}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 all these boundaries unfurled to reveal a wall of painted eyes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 each eye, a hollow on the wall of all of Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 with corners folding backwards}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 into hidden dimensions}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 like this}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 there came a deleting flash of white}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 the sun exploded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank as he was thrown from the hallucination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He fell back into the open desert. Elrahet was walking away. By the time he found the strength to stand and follow, the god-eye sight had vanished. The tattered threads of fate, or were they purpose, had sunk back into the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He walked the rest of the day in silence.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At some point, Ayram told Seb to not venture so far ahead. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From here out, we stick together.\u8221\'94 Seb became prickly after that, more so than usual. Whenever her name was called, she\u8217\'92d respond with a despondent sneer.}}