{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was like watching a debt collector making off with half his harvest. It meant he would have to get used to the hunger for breath. And there was the hunger of speech as well. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 trained to parse truth from tangle, premise from hair. As they sifted through the coarse black strands, it was as though they were feeling for an idea, kneading the threads of reasoning into shape.\line And at last, as if drawing a conclusion from the very roots of his beard, his fingers paused. A slow smile followed.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unleashing this Mazid upon the world,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93would defeat the very purpose of my being here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm yourselves,\u8221\'94 Pyetle chided again. \u8220\'93This one is only trying to that we\u8217\'92ve forgetting about her giant. Aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 He \u8220\'93It will go better for you, if you tell me he where is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is he is not here?\u8221\'94 Elrahet said blankly. \u8220\'93I expect he is afraid this hunt will fail. For it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  fail. Your refusal to bring the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Minder has sealed that fate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94 Pyetle said through a chuckle. \u8220\'93I suppose you\u8217\'92ll next suggest that I\u8217\'92ve doomed the world. Every witch whines about the doom of the world. You aren\u8217\'92t the only ones. It\u8217\'92s not an unpopular sentiment.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then finish it.\u8221\'94 She said gruffly. \u8220\'93Be done with me and mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It may come to that. Something nearby needs killing, and that may well be you. It is to be determined. First we have to search this temple.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is no temple.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a prison.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The demon we hunt is imprisoned here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grimaced as if offended.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is he!?\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri risked a sheepish glance around to try and puzzle out who Pyetle was referring to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is the giant!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri searched for Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s towering frame, a black mast in this sea of white robes. He was missing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Vessel in the first square wavered for a moment, then stepped forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Dar and Fally,\u8221\'94 he said, anxiety rippling his words. \u8220\'93They were watching the giant. They, uh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not here!\u8221\'94 Pyetle roared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They were with the giant! I saw them. Sir, I suggest they\u8217\'92ve gone ahead into the building.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was the first up the stair,\u8221\'94 Pyetle countered. \u8220\'93I saw no one enter. They were }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 behind!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suggest that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No suggestions! I want facts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Vessel shrank back, and Pyetle took a moment to compose himself. He then strode towards the cliff behind him, but promptly dismissed the possibility that the giant had jumped from such a height. His next suspicion fell upon Elrahet. He strode towards the old witch, accusation thick in his brow. He towered over her as as the building towered over him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is your brute?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should guess,\u8221\'94 Elrahet mumbled, \u8220\'93That he fled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle clicked his tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An insubordinate piped up, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uglies on scales says she knows where he is.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Half the Vessels murmured agreement, and before Pyetle could regain order, a shout came from the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}