{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Artist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen despised the word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an artist?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dancer, a poet, these are artists, yes, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reasonable to say, but a hole-digger? He can be an artist too if he digs holes in a way that\u8217\'92s true to himself. Give a man shovel, a field of dirt, time to think about it, friends to impress, and likely as not he\u8217\'92ll have mounded up a penis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is that art?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri thought so. Its sublimity surpassed, by a few hundred yards, the triptych\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d nudes of Allasoreen. Even a tax collector can be an artist if he\u8217\'92s sufficiently motivated to plumb the depths of greed. Mandri believed that all tax collectors are artists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  artist, though, that is a distinction with walls, and it has almost nothing to do with what a person does\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whether it be dancing, digging, or finessing balance sheets. Some true artists never do anything at all, yet true artists they remain because true artistry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 god-given talent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that is a state of mind. To be sure, its not a noble one. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about comic excess; too many big ideas, too many shallow excuses, and so exaggerated is the sense self that it becomes impossible to describe without resorting to sarcasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example: Mandrameen was the humblest humble that ever humbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When asked what he did for a living, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say, \u8220\'93Nothing important. I make things\u8221\'94, and then he\u8217\'92d add, \u8220\'93for whatever that is worth\u8221\'94. Then he\u8217\'92d strut around the grand Hrkan galleries and this charade of humility melted away because he could not hide his contempt for his contemporaries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stand in front of a painting and say, \u8220\'93This piece really moves me,\u8221\'94 and then he\u8217\'92d make a show of walking away. All must bear witness to his mop of black hair as it flounced itself in time with his skinny, stiff-backed step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say, \u8220\'93I weep at every stroke,\u8221\'94 and then he\u8217\'92s flash a knowing smile. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say these things right to an artist\u8217\'92s face if he could get to it. He didn\u8217\'92t think of it as mean-spirited because artists, like himself, were safe targets for playful derision. Maybe they were the only safe targets, because it\u8217\'92s not really the person he was making fun of, it was their failed attempts to express themselves, and those are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 completely}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  different things. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never go after the person, no. Artists are the best people. It takes the best kind of person to put themselves in front of others and push through the barbs. It takes tough skin, unreasonable confidence, and a flair for the dramatic. Without any of that, an artist is doomed to live a life of sad obscurity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, none of that is necessarily true, but the truth of it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter. The point is that Mandri believed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in his bones if not his brain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that true artists are all pricks, they say prickish things, and that he was a true artist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He would to say to a young Hrkan prince, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You haven\u8217\'92t the faintest idea of what you\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94 The prince\u8217\'92s crime? He\u8217\'92d said that he liked a painting that he shouldn\u8217\'92t have. Budding lordship be damned, Mandri\u8217\'92s knew what was good, what opinion was correct, and if he wasn\u8217\'92t correct in the literal, figurative, or spiritual sense, well, the other person certainly wrong as well. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This he believed with the certainty of a Solitant priest: subjectivity does not exist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such a miracle of denial seems like it shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be possible. Two people look at the same painting and walk away disagreeing about its worth. Who is to say who is right? Mandrameen, that\u8217\'92s who. He\u8217\'92d bob his narrow face, scratch his peach-fuzz chin, sigh like the weight of he world was on his tiny shoulders, and then he\u8217\'92d say that one of those people was wrong. Maybe both were idiots. He\u8217\'92d tell you who was what once he\u8217\'92d seen the painting for himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And people accommodated him. All his bright-eyed years he was told that he was Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gift to humanity, and it wasn\u8217\'92t just his grandmother saying this, it was everyone. They said it because Mandrameen, at the age of ten, could paint a portrait in oils that rivaled the old Jeketian masters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These were real dynamic works, not polish-jobs where the paint is thin, the brush strokes invisible, and every hair is slavishly rendered into being like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lost the plot of reality. When Mandrameen painted a portrait, he observed a tight economy of strokes. With a single stroke of color he could define the skin, the cheek, the skull underneath, the light, the shadow, and even the mood of the piece. One single stroke! He once painted a woman\u8217\'92s portrait using just twenty-four strokes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 count them,}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  twenty-four}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . There were few extra nibbles here and there to make the eyes glisten and the cleavage heave, but those hardly counted. Nobody noticed them. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop scribes from marveling at how he packed so much information into so few slaps of pigment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These are the marks of genius,\u8221\'94 they\u8217\'92d say. No sarcastic smiles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, as happens to young men and not to old, Mandrameen fell unawares into the deepest pit of love.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soon after he was broke and would not leave his room. When someone knocked on his door and tried to commission a piece, he said no, they asked why, and he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I refuse to debase myself by doing what it takes to succeed.\u8221\'94 Then he shut the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These hysterics weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t only about a girl. In such a craft as painting there are limits. Once he achieved a certain degree of skill, he reached that elite tier where everyone is more or less as good as everyone else, and outside of the true artists, who are recognized only to themselves, the only thing that separates these professionals is how willing they are to ingratiate themselves with governors, princes, priests, and the like. Maybe novelty plays a role, but success was about preening tongues and critic\u8217\'92s pens. It was about how many people knew the raw fact of his existence. It was about manufacturing popularity at the expense of the real. Being the true artist that Mandri was, he refused to play this game. So, at the age of eighteen, he walked away from the craft and dived headfirst into hallucinogenic drugs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first time that Mandri picked brown burgeons, crushed them up, and smoked their dried juices instead of using them for pigment, a fundamental truth was revealed to him. Art was pointless. Obviously pointless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because every artist who has ever tried to capture the beauty of Nature has failed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen had traveled to every city on the holy continent, and he had seen every painting and every sculpture worth seeing and they all fell short of true beauty. The problem was always the same: art is seduction, its purpose is to divert attention away from what is really there to what the artist wants you to see. When it comes to Nature, well, Nature is complex. If artists were smart, they might be able to approach it, but artists are people, and people are dumb, so they boil that complexity down into something digestible. They boil it down to a single tangible lump of something which has got them transfixed; A flower, a nice pair of tits, a pretty face. Maybe it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be a flower. What matters is that an artist tries to preserve the things that make life worth living by ripping them out of the fabric of reality and stitching their hides to a frame. Then, after having captured and killed the sublime, they sell it. Some plucky merchant without a care buys it and mounts it on his wall right next to the sprawling, headless hides of lizards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The commissions tore at Mandrameen. Paint an oasis, and in so doing he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to reduce a palm leaf to a fleck of green. The beauty of a living leaf\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 its complexity, its pattern, its anatomosing veins pumped full of vital fluids, its birth and death and eventual decay, the role it plays on the branch, the branch on the tree, the system within a system, a whole universe unto itself nested inside a greater one\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all that complexity, that beauty, reduced to a fleck of green.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reduced, because again, the artist has something more important he wants you to look at. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a naked woman bathing in the mossy water. There\u8217\'92s no need to properly render the leaf. In fact, rendering that leaf, giving it light and shadow and form, that would only distract the eye from the droplets of jade gleaming on her cinnamon skin. The sensible thing to do, if you must paint the leaf, is to slightly feather its edge into the sky so that eye doesn\u8217\'92t get caught on a hard line of verdant green set against a chalky blue. Maybe remove the leaf and the tree altogether if the thing doesn\u8217\'92t slide a wandering eye down towards the temptress\u8217\'92 bosom. Then you\u8217\'92ve really done it, you\u8217\'92ve not only reduced the leaf down to a daub of color, you\u8217\'92ve erased it from existence entirely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just the leaf, it was the rock, the cloud, and the tree, and how it all fit together. Even the sand played a role. Maybe one can say that Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t trying to paint Nature, he was trying to paint a woman, and so of course he wouldn\u8217\'92t capture Nature\u8217\'92s essence, but that hardly matters. \u8220\'93Go and try and paint Nature,\u8221\'94 Mandri would say to Meskalim\u8217\'92s bully children during a burgeon binge. \u8220\'93Take as long as you like. Take twenty five years on a single piece. Take a lifetime! Take ten lifetimes! Then\u8230\'85 and then\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d forget what he was on about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he were sober, he would have said something about standing at the edge of the wilderness, a place with a big sky and maybe mountains. Go there and smoke some valley burgeons to get in the mood, then let the shock of Nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s overwhelming beauty hit the spinal cord. If the mood is right, it will hit with an intensity that no poet or painter could ever hope to achieve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, there was no point in trying. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s almost perverse to try\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 unless a young man needs to buy some burgeons. Then it\u8217\'92s perfectly acceptable for him to dip his toes back into the craft and give portraiture lessons to a wealthy man Vigram Druamalun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram was a burly old gentleman with a bald head and long belly-beard that he kept oiled, curled, and trimmed. He lived in a countryside villa, a good ways away from the must and crust of Meskalim, and he could afford to staff it with serving girls and a tiny private army.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram was not a true artist, let alone an artist. Worse than a tax-collector, he was a creditor. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d tell his life story to Mandrameen during lunches, and he\u8217\'92 d tell it in a way so as to suggest that his success was the easiest thing in the world and that Mandri could do it too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First, inherit two ounces of silver. Then, scrounge up another two ounces. Then, loan those four ounces to two brothers who run a bakery. Make sure its a bakery that supplies a Solitant temple with bread\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a surefire bet because temples are always the last thing to be put to the torch in lean times. The temple and the bakery brothers might accuse you of committing usury against Solraheen Himself, but get together with a priest and pray about it around a jug of beer and a pile of silver and the bleary shine will blind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After that, lend smaller amounts over shorter terms to farmers who need emergency loans to pay their taxes after droughts or infestations. Split these debts up and sell them off in Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s budding bond market. There\u8217\'92s not much money in Meskalim itself, but it\u8217\'92s got a busy port and that means access to all the important markets of the Hrkan world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From there, its a simple matter of sprouting six more eyes, four more limbs, and now that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re a human spider able to spin a web of silver that stretches into every corner of the continent. People will walk right into the debt. The wiggling only sticks them snug. You pick out the salvageable ones for your own use, and now you\u8217\'92ve got a little brood of spiders pouring over lists of sums credited and debts owed. As long as you maintain a layer of abstraction between these creatures and your muscle, it\u8217\'92s all self-sustaining. And that\u8217\'92s it. Now you have a comfortable life and idle hours to spend however you want. Vigram spent his by dabbling in the sacred art of the oil portrait.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was kneeling now in his trellised, red-brick patio. In his fumbling hands was an off-kilter easel which he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made himself. Mandri stood behind him, the very picture of considered consideration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you want to do this }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94 asked Vigram. \u8220\'93Is there something wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. There\u8217\'92s nothing }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 wrong}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , exactly. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that this light is going to make things so much harder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The patio\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trellis was crawling with vines, and that meant dappled light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram was looking at Mandri like the boy had }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sun moves, the shadows move\u8230\'85it\u8217\'92s a whole other thing to worry about. It\u8217\'92ll be easier if we keep it simple\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 clean light\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that way there\u8217\'92s no leafy shadows drifting across the face when you\u8217\'92re trying to figure out which eye goes where.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram shook his head, and that sent his great brown beard wiggling like it were alive. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dear Mandri, the patterns of light and shadow are a magical vesture.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said Vigram. \u8220\'93A magical vesture, for a magical subject.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram stepped back from his newly upright easel and smiled beneficently at his daughter, Ora. She was his favorite subject. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s age. The only one of his five children willing to sit for him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t she a subject fit for holy oils?\u8221\'94 asked Vigram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Undoubtedly,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked to Ora without intention, but Vigram interpreted it, as he always did, as the most rabid of intentions, and the old man\u8217\'92s eyes squeezed out a suggestive smile, as if to give his patriarchal blessing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora was good natured, comely, with clear brown skin and sun-kissed cheeks. She was also a belly roll away from mixing in with the oxen. Many a young man would leap at the chance to be with a fertility goddess, but Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to have children.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help her up,\u8221\'94 Vigram commanded. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ready the canvas and palette.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did as he was told and helped Ora up onto a high-legged stool. Ora let her fingers linger on his arm, and then Vigram barked at Mandri to get out of the way and stop distracting his muse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again, Mandri did as he was told and took up his post behind the old man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram picked up a stick of soft charcoal and began to map out the image. This was always always the most difficult phase. Every work of art has to be built on a firm foundation. Get it wrong and everything that comes after will be wrong too. Unfortunately for Vigram, he had that all-too-common beginner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s habit of refusing to use his god-damned brain. Ora\u8217\'92s head was, somehow, too small, and too left-of-center. There\u8217\'92d be an awkward expanse behind her curls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hold on,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re moving too fast. Don\u8217\'92t think of this as a portrait\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not yet. All we have right now is an oval, a rectangular canvas, and where that oval sits on this canvas. All you\u8217\'92re doing is putting an oval on the canvas. Where\u8217\'92s the best place to put it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes you\u8217\'92re right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram rubbed the marks away with his palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He studied Ora.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped again to the canvas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he scratched a big black oval right back where it had been.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that better?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri took a step back, eyed the drawing, and then Ora, then he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It needs to be a little bigger, I think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram drew the oval again, but only slightly larger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Almost every mark he made, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d look to Mandri for reassurance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Mandri had, and when this happened too many times, he broke and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look at me, look at her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I need to know if it\u8217\'92s right or wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Assume that it\u8217\'92s always wrong, and then try to figure out why it\u8217\'92s wrong, and then fix it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram looked at Mandri like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d said}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s always wrong, then how could I ever move past it? I\u8217\'92ll be redrawing the same line over and over again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You move on when you want to move on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I want to move on. I\u8217\'92m here to paint, not draw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s your paint,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93but you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 need}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to understand the importance of the drawing.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do understand. You talk about it all the time. I just can\u8217\'92t do it.\u8221\'94 Vigram tossed his charcoal over his shoulder and squealed with delight as he picked up his favorite brush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri watched on in confusion as Vigram threw down the first flurry of hues. What he was building was an affront to the senses. Mandri couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look away because he was getting paid to have his eyes on it. There was only the canvas, and there was Ora, but he didn\u8217\'92t want to look at Ora because she was eying him up like he was her next meal. But dammit, he couldn\u8217\'92t help it, his eyes would instinctively wander to the sitter, and Ora\u8217\'92s smile would perk up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, stop flirting with my daughter.\u8221\'94 The way Vigram said it, he wasn\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assure you, I\u8217\'92m not. I\u8217\'92m checking proportions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s the case, what do you think?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a old folksy wisdom that claims that talented people don\u8217\'92t know how to teach. The idea is that talented people didn\u8217\'92t have to try to acquire their skills, and so how could they ever communicate the secrets of the craft when it all comes instinctively? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was bogwater. Mandri could write treatise on Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s painting technique. Mandri also knew that Vigram wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to handle an unvarnished critique\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 almost no one can. The man might get offended, and then there\u8217\'92d be no more money for burgeons. So, teaching for Mandri was an exercise in patience and pretending. No matter how horrifying the work was, always, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , start off with a compliment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 he said after long .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sat back in his hips, crossed his arms, and let his eyes race around the painting. He made every honest effort to take in the observations that Vigram was finding, or rather, losing in that blur of muddy color. Unfortunately, Vigram had that other beginner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s habit of mixing colors on the canvas in an effort to undo mistakes. It can be done, but its dangerous. Oils dry too slow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna say it anyways\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 get the color correct on the palette before it touches the canvas. That\u8217\'92s what the pallette is there for.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri watched as Vigram as he mixed a bluish shade of beige for Ora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chin. It was a color that only works for the chin a man who keeps a close shave. Vigram slapped it down over his charcoal guidelines, then his eyes darted between his daughter and the painting, back and forth, back and forth, and then his lips curled into a frown and he muttered, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not quite right.\u8221\'94 He gave Mandri a sheepish grin, then he stabbed his brush into a slug of white, rubbed it into the manly chin, and of course, that wasn\u8217\'92t quite right either. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This would go on into infinity if Mandri did put a stop to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not bad,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The charcoal lines looked like they were bleeding pus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The worst part was the dappled light. One of those leafy shadows had drifted over Ora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left eye, and on the canvas it looked like the girl was wearing an eye-patch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram looked like he needed a compliment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93No really, I mean it. It\u8217\'92s not a masterpiece, but it\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s on the path.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s on }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  path, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s for sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tapped his bottom lip as Vigram stepped aside to let him .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember what I said last week?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that I need to learn to draw hands,\u8221\'94 said Vigram, smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And have you done that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram laughed at his own impertinence. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even tried to draw Ora\u8217\'92s fingers. They were chicken scratches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you aren\u8217\'92t going take what I say to heart, then what\u8217\'92s the point of me coming here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Mandri, but hands are too hard to paint. If a hand had one or two fingers it\u8217\'92d be a different matter entirely. As it is, they\u8217\'92re difficult things to draw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you can think of it as having three fingers. The middle two share a tendon so the tend to move together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but then there\u8217\'92s the thumb, too. The whole thing is just too weird.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram, if you truly want to get better, you have to try, and when it comes to painting, \u8216\'91trying\u8217\'92 means putting in the time and effort to learn how to draw hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only things that matter are the face and the hands. You could give Ora forty ribs and a single breast and people will forgive you for it, so long as you\u8217\'92ve drawn a perfect face and delicate, expressive, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anatomically correct}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  hands.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do better with the hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You say that, but I feel like next time I come over you won\u8217\'92t have drawn a single hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram laughed again and Mandri rubbed his frustrated brow. This whole ordeal was a waste of time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or it would be if there weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t burgeons at the end of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And almost stepped on the toes of on of Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s soldiers as marched on into the patio.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry to interrupt, my lord.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Vigram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The young master\u8217\'92s ox is eating the apples.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soldier pointed an accusing finger to the hill beyond the trellis. All eyes peered through the vines. Some twenty meters away was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s yellow ox, named Gil. Gil was was craning his head up high to reach a sweet red apple. His long pink tongue was stuck out and twirling, trying in vain to lick the apple off its stem for the apple was little too high up. All his tongue was doing was batting the unripe fruit around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram turned to Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you insist on bringing that ox along?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil has a right to go where he wants,\u8221\'94 Mandri said firmly. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s as much a human being as you or I.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s true. Watch\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri turned to Gil and shouted, \u8220\'93Gil! Gil, C\u8217\'92mere!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears swiveled at the mention of his name, and the rest of his head slowly followed. He stared back through the vines with that dumb, bovine ogle as the slobber dripped unheeded from his lower lip. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil blinked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he got distracted by the healthy grass below him. He bit off a mouthful and started chewing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil looked up again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blinked again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A second later, and he was trotting towards the patio, dewflap flapping, his short-hair hide rolling over his pitiful ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poor old creature,\u8221\'94 Vigram muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, he\u8217\'92s fine,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gill clopped into the patio as if it were his living room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora slid off her chair and hurried behind Mandri and Vigram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the soldier lowered his spear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woah, Woah, woah!\u8221\'94 Mandri exclaimed as he pushed the spearhead away. \u8220\'93Relax!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram nodded to the soldier and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, you\u8217\'92re dismissed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soldier spun on his heel, more in imitation of professional discipline than the real thing. Mandri stared daggers into his back as he left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he pricked Gil I\u8217\'92d have him up for attempted murder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gill nuzzled up against Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram eyed the beast with some. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If Gil was eating my apples, I could have him up for thievery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93Gil\u8217\'92s the nicest old ox you\u8217\'92ll ever meet. Watch this,\u8221\'94 Mandri presented Vigram\u8217\'92s painting to Gil with a flourish, then asked his ox, \u8220\'93What do you think of Viggi\u8217\'92s painting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gill looked at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He gave his grass a chew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he mooed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See!?\u8221\'94 Mandri exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See what?\u8221\'94 Vigram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He likes it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be ridiculous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora sauntered over to Gil and scratched him into a cooing moo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a sweet thing, isn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram said to Ora, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think of my painting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora eyed the painting with some suspicion that quickly morphed into a stifled laugh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that bad, is it? Ora, I\u8217\'92ll have your honest opinion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It looks like a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow nit tight and leaned back yet again study the face he\u8217\'92d painted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you do look disturbed, don\u8217\'92t you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe it\u8217\'92s the hands. They look like claws.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped in defeat. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t paint hands! I haven\u8217\'92t got the dexterity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The dexterity?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Painting hands feels like needlework. Especially when I use this tiny brush. I don\u8217\'92t have the dexterity for it.\u8221\'94 Vigram held up a brush with thin, only a few horse-hairs wide. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora leaned into Mandri and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An artist needs strong and dexterous hands, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face lit up like he\u8217\'92d just been punched in the gut. So , but the man was smiling like he was about to stamp a return on interest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85No\u8230\'85 well yes, but I don\u8217\'92t have any, uh, dexterity. I haven\u8217\'92t painted a portrait in more than two years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94 said Vigram. \u8220\'93Then what have you been doing up on that little farm of yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Farming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram rolled his eyes and shared a with Ora. It was common knowledge that Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s farm couldn\u8217\'92t grow a weed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 said Vigram as he clapped his hands. \u8220\'93Time for lunch. I\u8217\'92ll come and get you two when it\u8217\'92s ready.\u8221\'94 With that, he stomped his way into his villa\u8217\'92s anteroom, leaving Mandri alone with Ora and Gil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you paint anymore?\u8221\'94 Ora asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85it would be too hard to explain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, painting is, uh\u8230\'85to put it simply, it\u8217\'92s too much work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wouldn\u8217\'92t that be the artist\u8217\'92s fault?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Look. There\u8217\'92s not a\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri tried to think of a more palatable excuse, and he found it when he picked up Vigram\u8217\'92s muddy pallette. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s expensive to paint. I mean look at all this pigment. The canvas. At this point in my life it\u8217\'92d take me a year to afford all this. Your father makes this in a week.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could that much too if you worked for him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not happening.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d barely have to do more than sign a scrap of paper every now and then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stumbled into a trap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Ora, I\u8217\'92m just here to teach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you dense?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dad doesn\u8217\'92t actually care about learning to paint. The only reason he pays for the lessons is because you would starve if he didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that how he feels about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, I\u8217\'92ve seen your farm. He\u8217\'92s seen your farm. Everybody\u8217\'92s seen your farm. It\u8217\'92s not a farm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is too. I have an ox! It\u8217\'92s a farm. Isn\u8217\'92t that right, Gil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil had already clopped off and was back to licking at that apple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She set her hands on her hips and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girls in Meskalim all say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An old woman came looking for you. She said you were a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Couldn\u8217\'92t have been looking for me, because I\u8217\'92m not a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri almost dropped the paints onto the brick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to bare myself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ora crossed her arms and gave Mandri an expectant look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri recoiled . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to pull my uglies out just to prove they\u8217\'92re there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 not?!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a woman, Mandri. What\u8217\'92s your problem?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was too thin to absorb the shock of such bluntness. by squishing up his face and pretended like he had no idea what she was talking about. But Oya was a girl who had no patience for }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ora\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to be }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 very}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  careful here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a beautiful girl, but-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what? You go in for men?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no. I\u8217\'92m not fit for a married life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could be good for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what do you get out of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could be good for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She. Mandri had to }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would not say that if you knew me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s there to know? You\u8217\'92re just a boy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Had to bite down to hide his contempt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeap. Look\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Building to a head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is wrong with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See that\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m talking about! This is what I\u8217\'92m talking about!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But stopped when he realized he was forgetting something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Gil was already trotting down villa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gentle hill towards Mandri. Together they walked down to Vigram\u8217\'92s swing gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri! Stop!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram was running down his thoroughfare. The old man had to keep his beard tucked under his arm lest it fly up and bother his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram arrived out of breath. He had to rest for half a moment against the fence post before speaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you say to Ora? You\u8217\'92ve got her in a dizz.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I barely said anything. I just walked away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You walked away?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on, Mandri? Is Ora not a beautiful girl?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is, but Vigram, I\u8217\'92m not interested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She could be good for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri laughed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. I am leaving now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No you aren\u8217\'92t. You can\u8217\'92t leave until I pay you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, it\u8217\'92s my job to worry about on-time payment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram reached into a fold in his robe and pulled out a small sack of coin. It was fatter than usual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take it,\u8221\'94 he said. When Mandri hesitated, he added, \u8220\'93I will get upset if you do not take this money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bag slapped Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s palm, but Vigram jerked it away. He wagged his finger in Mandri\u8217\'92s nose and said, \u8220\'93I want you to promise me you\u8217\'92re not going to use this money to buy burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Mandri, I\u8217\'92m not a fool. I know you\u8217\'92ve been buying burgeons from Geem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram looked down his nose at Mandri and scratched his beard. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to give you this money, but don\u8217\'92t go and use it to buy more burgeons. Buy some apples for old Gil here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram put the coin back in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, and Mandri tucked it into his robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got the gift of the brush, Mandri. Don\u8217\'92t smile, I\u8217\'92m serious. Solraheen\u8217\'92s given you a gift. It\u8217\'92s a sacred gift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. I\u8217\'92ll see you later, Viggi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri and Gil walked out the gate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m serious!\u8221\'94 said Vigram. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been given a gift!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri waved back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a gift. Not a special one, at least. He could paint a portrait in twenty-four strokes, but everyone would be less impressed if they saw him do it. He would spend hours and hours making those single strokes. He\u8217\'92d put one down, and if it wasn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 exactly}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  right, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d carefully wipe it away, then put it down again, and he\u8217\'92d repeat this for as long as it took. Days. A week. Longer. People only ever saw was the finished product, those twenty-four strokes and they assumed that Mandri\u8217\'92s brush went slip-slap-boom and there\u8217\'92s a true likeness. Couldn\u8217\'92t be further from the truth. Mandri\u8217\'92s real talent was his tolerance of tedium, and he suspected that\u8217\'92s all a talented mind was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mind inexplicably immune to hard work and drudgery. It\u8217\'92s something a person can lose. Mandri was living proof. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he and Gil got to the top of the big hill that overlooked Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s villa, he took one last look back. Vigram was still standing in his drive. Vigram waved, and then he cupped his voice and shouted, \u8220\'93No burgeons, Mandri!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered under his breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re gonna fry your spark!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to get into an argument at that kind of distance, so he waved back and then kept on walking all the way to Geem\u8217\'92s. There he bought half a bushel of burgeons, and Geem gave Gil half a melon, free of charge. They were Down-Valley burgeons, decent stuff but the the waxy capsule leaves were a bit too brittle, so the insides had a tendency to dry out too quick for Mandri\u8217\'92s liking. But that was all Geem had so he bought them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Mandri and Gil continued along the road, stomping their way through the wheel-ruts, slapping away the flies, humming and mooing nursery rhymes until they made it back Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dust bowl of a farm. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  For obvious reasons, Creation was not a well-documented event and so the precise Word of Creation is not known. It is often claimed the Word of Creation was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Kyn\u8217\'92, and translated directly from the Old Jandri it means \u8216\'91grow\u8217\'92, but some say it actually means \u8216\'91art\u8217\'92, for artists were the first prophets. For them, art was a spiritual discipline, an act of ferrying messages from a God to human. In the ages since these early days, the true meaning of \u8216\'91art\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91artist\u8217\'92 became confused. It became more and more common to say that art is a means of personal expression, not divine.}}