{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the people of the continent know the story of the creation of the Goree Pass. It is a simple story. An ancient tribe, called the Solgruin, petitioned Solraheen to split the Goree mountains so that their overland journey east would be simpler. Solraheen denied them. He did not want to destroy any part of His creation for any reason, much less to accommodate trade. But the Solgruin asked again, and again, and on the fourth asking, Solraheen lost His patience. He walked to the mountains, climbed the tallest peak, and there He stomped on the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back and broke it. A great fissure opened up in the earth, making the way traversable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then he spoke a curse into the chasm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The words he spoke was heard by every ear in all the world, no matter how far.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look upon this scar which mars My creation. This mountain impeded your comings and goings, and so you sought to destroy it. Now, it is destroyed, but so is its beauty. Cursed are you who pass through it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri loved this story. It was one of his favorites. Solraheen had ripped up the greatest of the Goree just to spite the Solgruin. It gave him the perfect excuse to spite any client who was unhappy with his own creations. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only ever ripped up a painting once, but what a glorious once it was. He\u8217\'92d spent a whole month and a small fortune painting this particular painting, and he destroyed it because the woman who\u8217\'92d commissioned it said she wouldn\u8217\'92t pay unless he put a dog in the foreground shadow. The painting\u8217\'92s subject was the rape of Belsurnag, set in the receiving room of the outland King Huldoloon. The client wanted Mandri to put a smiling dog in the foreground. This wasn\u8217\'92t some clever metaphorical bent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she wanted Mandri to paint her own, small, shaggy lapdog as a kind of private aside, a conversation starter, so that when people would walk through her house and see the beautiful Belsurnag being ravaged by barbarians on a richly patterned carpet, their eyes would stumble over the brown, shaggy creature sitting there on a coiled curtain rope and say, \u8220\'93That looks just like your Googum!\u8221\'94, and the woman would say, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  my Googum!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could have found a different buyer, but in the moment he was overcome with a righteous fury. His euphoria moved him to tear the painting completely in half, and he did it right in front of that bumbling woman. The shock and horror on her face was cathartic. Then came her anger. Her voice pitched up into the hysterics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 wrong }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 with you!?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If Mandri had the power, the gumption, he would have cursed that woman as Solraheen cursed those who journeyed the Goree Pass. But he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not out of decency. He simply didn\u8217\'92t believe curses worked. Curses, it turns out, can be avoided through the trick of reason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cursed are you who pass through it,\u8221\'94 and it was argued that He meant \u8216\'91you\u8217\'92 to be a restrictive \u8216\'91you\u8217\'92, referring only to the Solgruin. If he had meant to curse }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 everyone, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 surely He would have said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cursed are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  who pass through it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 So everyone but the Solgruin could pass through fine. Pass through they did. After all, here was Mandri and the Ayramun, venturing south in the cold morning shadow of the Goree mountains, headed for the Pass. And people lived in the Pass, most notably the Greskalun, an old Jandri tribe whose ancient charge was to keep the pass free from anyone who had a single drop of Solgruin blood. This was more for the protection of the Solgruin than their punishment. Not that it mattered. The Solgruin had ceased to exist centuries ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aside from the morning chill, it was clean, easy going. To the right was the open desert, and further out was the black rock sea that was the Tib. To the left were the Goree mountains, though they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really mountains in the traditional sense, they were smooth, swooping, terraced walls of red sandstone. There were a thousand staggered plateaus up there, looking like squat redoubts, each a link in a continental fortress chain built by Solraheen to hold back the Tib. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The further south they walked, the clearer Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spite became, for the Goree\u8217\'92s walls grew more worn and pitted, and higher up they were beset by jagged, fern-like cracks with stems stretching straight to the ground. An eon of blasting sand had rounded the edges of these cracks, pillowed the seams, giving the mountains the appearance of being bloated with infection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t long until the Pass itself was sighted. It was a shadowed, sloping cut in a distant plateau. A black needle poked up out of it. This needle was a tower, a central column in an ancient fortification which spanned the narrow breadth of the Pass. It protected against ancient evils. It was the Greskalun\u8217\'92s home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram led them straight for it, or as straight a path as he could manage considering they were wandering through the debris field of a cataclysmic explosion. The scattered boulders were a disquieting sight. The amount of power needed to lift them up, let alone toss them this far out would have been impossible to believe if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Solraheen who\u8217\'92d done it. Mandri imagined Him standing up on a now vanished peak, His figure a radiant white speck outshining the sun, his rainbowed rays filtering through the swirling dust; a god such as He wouldn\u8217\'92t need to strike the earth to split it. It would be enough for Him to stamp His intention into the dirt and the rest of creation would manifest His will. A tap of His toe could set the mountains quaking, bursting, and out would come a torrent of stones the size of houses. However it happened, it would have happened quickly. In the blink of an eye, a long sliver of the mountain were reduced to rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun walked in reverential silence. Even Ayram kept his chin low, though this pious bend could be attributed to the strain of his giant pack and the long journey bearing on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was alight in anxious wonder as her eyes took in the scale of it all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a spring in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s step, as if his feet had found their home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was the same as she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always been\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 brooding and quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was marching behind Seb, who was chewing her borcandi spines so hard that her jaw was going stiff. She had to sort of roll the spines between her stubby teeth instead of chew them. And the woman wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t paying attention to where she was spitting her juice. Halfway up a light scramble up to a shelf of rock, she hocked a particularly dreadful wad of spit onto Moto\u8217\'92s heel above her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do that again,\u8221\'94 Moto said, \u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92ll be scraping your face off a rock with your kneecaps.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb lifted herself up onto even ground. The two shared a long, sizing stare. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jus\u8217\'92 try to disrespect me like that,\u8221\'94 said Seb. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me disrespect }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Threaten a woman with her kneecaps? That\u8217\'92s disrespectful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You spit on my foot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An accident.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m telling you, if you do it again, I\u8217\'92m going to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet!\u8221\'94 Ayram barked. He was so irritated with the two of them that he doubled back. \u8220\'93Nobody talk. Nobody except me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His grave visage lingered on Seb a moment, then he set off again towards the Pass, this time more cautiously, careful to crouch and hide his bulk behind boulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By now the curse of the Goree was getting to Mandri. This once living mountain was dead and rotted through and he could feel it. All around the rock was split into smaller shards and scattered about like the leavings of flies beside a carcass. Most of these shards could hardly be called rock, for they were as friable as the hardtack he was munching on. They crushed easily underfoot, and the larger stones were as diseased\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when Mandri set his hand to brace himself against the mountain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot, his palm punched a dent in it, as if the stone were a giant lump of crusty, moldy, hollowed out bread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then there was the black tower that poked out of the Pass like a splinter stuck in a wound. Towers, as a general rule, were evil. A tower could be built of the purest marble and haloed by the sun, but there was always the question of what someone could be doing to warrant such elevated privacy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing good. A short, makeshift wooden watchtower on a flat frontier was the only legitimate use of a tower. The only redeeming quality of the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tower was its monumental significance. The central task of a monument is to look like it doesn\u8217\'92t belong, and that tall spike sticking out of the Pass did this quite comfortably, marking a curse which should not have been. It seemed to say, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to die if you come any closer,\u8221\'94 a sensation magnified by the brittle slopes which threatened to come galloping down upon Mandri\u8217\'92s head every time a lizard stirred from its nook. And it wasn\u8217\'92t possible to keep away from the rocks as Ayram was too concerned with not being seen by the apparently invisible Hrkan pursuit some ways behind them. He pioneered a course that led up into crumbling mountains. Mandri wondered why keeping out of sight mattered if the Hrks could track them with a Mazidariga, but he didn\u8217\'92t ask.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He kept quiet because that was the rule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everyone kept quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whatever cheer they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d mustered from making it out of the Tib was well and truly gone. All eyes and ears were preoccupied with finding their hopeful allies, the Greskalun. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then the narrow Goree pass opened up before them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The great tower stood proudly, right in the middle of it. Stubby black walls filled the short gaps on either side of it. There was no sign of any people, no trickle of caravan hands passing into the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gate at its base, though the gate was wide open. There were no lights in the tower\u8217\'92s windows. There were no heads peeking over the walls. There were no banners hanging on poles or smelly black smoke from cow dung fires rising into the air. It seemed, at first glance, that something had happened to the Greskalun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram summoned Moto with a brusque jerk of his bearded chin. A few whispered instructions later, and Moto climbed down onto the road proper and hustled off into the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow, hand clasping his scabbard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb broke the rule of silence with a whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe they all left, went back to the temple.\u8221\'94 She was so stressed out that she was chewing two spines at once and her words were garbled by a slosh of spit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Retreated?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked. \u8220\'93From what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t ask me,\u8221\'94 Seb said defensively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe it's pox,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went bright with revelation. \u8220\'93Could be! Happened before. That\u8217\'92s what these pokes do when the pox gets on them, they run away then stay put \u8216\'91til it all blows over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then where\u8217\'92s the sign of fire?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked. \u8220\'93If it was the pox, they would have burned everything they could.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the curse,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is not cursed,\u8221\'94 said Ayram with all the certainty of a big man who knows. \u8220\'93Greskal and his kin have been living here since\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94, but he was interrupted by the sight of a black vulture melting out of the tower\u8217\'92s pointed roof. It hissed as it took flight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only a bird,\u8221\'94 Ayram muttered as they all watched the creature spread its long wings and ride a thermal high up into the air, where it wheeled in circles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two more vultures melted out of the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow and soared up to join their brother\u8217\'92s holding pattern. Their wheezing screeches filtered down through the distance to reach Mandri\u8217\'92s ears like hissing whispers. If he didn\u8217\'92t know any better, he would have thought it was the haggard voices of the rocks echoing Solraheen\u8217\'92s ancient curse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn to say it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The place is cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If curses worked,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, \u8220\'93Then the Hrks would have choked in their sleep a thousand years ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant tried to maintain his stoic self but the mood was affecting even him, which was perfectly understandable, for the strongest men have the most to lose from a curse. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t something he could kill with a spear. And now that the Greskalun were missing, so was the illusion that everything was going according to plan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram marched over to Mandri, clenched jaw and all, and loomed over Mandri as the empty tower loomed over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did the Hrks kill the Greskalun?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was no room in his tone for games.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No?\u8221\'94 Mandri answered, confused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When we found you in the Junei, you came from the east. Did you come from here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. If you are asking me if there\u8217\'92s an army of Skusli waiting behind those walls to ambush us as soon as we step through that gate, I have no idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb cleared her throat of spit and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No way it was Hrks. I\u8217\'92m tellin\u8217\'92 ya, them Greskalun are at Shulgi. Pox, Hrks, drought, it don\u8217\'92t matter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when things go bad for them, they run to Shulgi. That\u8217\'92s what they do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, doubtfully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grumbled at both women, and instead of explaining she reached down and grabbed a bone that was half buried in the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Seb asked, surprised. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet set the bone out before her, so that all could see. It was the upper half of a leg bone, ball-jointed, broken roughly in the middle. Distinctively human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A sign of the Greskalun,\u8221\'94 the witch growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stomped over and nudged it with her toe. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ya find one bone and think them dead? One bone in the ground? This ain\u8217\'92t unusual. Where else you expecting to find it? Find it floating in the air and maybe you\u8217\'92d have something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let her speak,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet flipped over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unusual fracture, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stroked the length of the bone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fracture with a thin finger. It was a jagged feature which stretched almost along the whole length of the bone, leaving the upturned half looking like an open tube.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It's a broken bone,\u8221\'94 Seb said, unfazed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a split bone. Splitting a bone lengthwise, like so, is difficult. If it were snapped in two like a dry twig, that would be expected, that\u8217\'92s how bones will break. A break such as this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s not likely to be an accident.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram reached down and picked it up. In his giant, probing hands the bone looked like a child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93You say this person was killed?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not unusual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri glanced around uneasily. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought violence wasn\u8217\'92t allowed in the Pass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not in the Pass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, \u8220\'93But that is not significant. What is, is that a blow to the leg would not crack the bone lengthwise like so. I\u8217\'92ve seen material such as this in an Old Jandri ruin. A dead people. Too many of them and not enough bread. They started eating each other. You see, this is the kind of fracture a madman makes when he wants to open the bone to gnaw on the spongy marrow. Lizards can\u8217\'92t do this. Neither can dogs. They don\u8217\'92t have the hands for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind ran awash with visions of some grungy, sand-crusted cannibal gnawing on that bone as if it were an ear of corn, with strings of fat and tendon getting caught in the gaps of his filed teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram held the bone away from him as if it were diseased. Elrahet yanked it from his grip. She tested the sharpness of the break with the tip of her finger, and her eyes narrowed at the thickness of it. She thumbed the open groove, and she held it up to squint inside the socket. Once satisfied, she dropped the bone into dirt, and as it fell, Moteah shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was pointing towards the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gate. Moto was sprinting away from it. He sprinted at full speed, frenetic, as if being chased, yet he was alone with his kicked up dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he arrived, breathless and wild-eyed, he did not wait for questions. He simply said to Ayram, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is something you need to see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Greskalun?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forget about the Hrks. There\u8217\'92s something you need to see!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked over his shoulder, towards the tower, and grimaced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Ayram moved, the matter was decided\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would lead them all into the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At pace they came to the tower and its gate. The tower, which had seemed sturdy from afar, was ancient and cobbled. It bulged ever so slightly outward. Most of its bricks were chipped, some were twisted, some seemed to have been pulled halfway out by magic. The gate underneath was ten-men wide and its arch was fanged by metal teeth which would have scratched Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head if he did not duck. The gate tunnel was as long as the hall of a Hrkan Lord, cavernous enough to turn the thump of Ayram\u8217\'92s walking spear into an echoing beat. Aside from this steady meter, they passed through the dark in silence, casting wary glances at the empty door frames that pocketed either side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto, who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d taken the lead, stopped at the end of the tunnel, just before entering into the sunlight of the courtyard beyond. He glanced back at all who followed, and it seemed as though a shadow passed over his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The tunnel emptied out into a broad, pale-brick yard as old as the tower itself, grooved down the middle by centuries of wagon wheels wearing ruts into it, and all around, stuck into the ground like an errant volley of arrows, were large wooden poles, each thick as a cow\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly. Wrapped around these poles were the bodies of men and women so brutalized that their forms blurred the lines between flesh, blood, and seeping exudate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a desecration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Such was the defilement that panic leapt into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind as readily as the sight of the profane sculptures themselves. But he was rooted to the spot, for the horror robbed him of every faculty, and it set his stomach roiling in a terrible, growling fit, even Sparkless as it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The nearest wretch was only ten yards away\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a man who was robed in the tatters of the honeyed yellow haircloth habit. Honeyed yellow, the color of peace and unassumption. A devout Solitant pilgrim. A rope of thorns bound his hip and chest tight to the pole, leaving his mangled limbs dangling in the air, and his pulped face, bloated and seemingly boneless, lolled in an open-mouthed, buck-toothed snore while the broken pottery that was his skull was kept together by nothing but the grace of Sol.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were all pilgrims, maybe thirty of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe there were fifty\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to count would require the use of reason and reason had abandoned this place. Around the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck was a chain so thin and so tight that Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t actually see it because the raw skin folded over it. Nonetheless, Mandri knew it was there and he knew what it was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was meant to bind the treacherous throat of a heretic. And that was the least of the indignities done to him. His broken scalp was crudely shaved, chunked and bleeding. His eyes had been gouged out, and the dark, bloody sockets were smeared with ash. His groin had been the target of the most shameful play. Every limb was bent and twisted, and every single one of the poor pilgrims littered about the courtyard had been bent and twisted with the same unthinking cruelty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this?\u8221\'94 and for once, no one answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun were slow to recover from the wilting shock of the scene. Neither Moto nor Moteah could bear to look for longer than a heartbeat. Seb, a woman who could not stand still, was standing as still as a dormouse caught in the eye of a hawk. The witch Elrahet must have sensed the evil scene halfway through the tunnel, for she had not made it out into the courtyard. She was kept herself there inside in the tunnel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow, hunched over on an inset doorstep as if about to vomit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Only Ayram seemed unperturbed. He stood, back straight as ever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto said to him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you\u8217\'92d want to see for yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram cast an appraising eye towards his mournful band. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew Greskal hated the Hrks. Even Hrkan pilgrims. I didn\u8217\'92t think he had this in him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His remark startled Seb back into her skin, and she said in turn, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who cares if a few god-botherin\u8217\'92 Hrks got what was comin\u8217\'92 to \u8216\'91em? Sides, there\u8217\'92s nothin\u8217\'92 we can do for \u8216\'91em \u8216\'91cause we got the rest of Hrk on our backs. We need to be movin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And go where?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb looked at Moteah like she was the dumbest person in the world. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We go find the Greskalun!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are no Greskalun!\u8221\'94 Moteah shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who did all this?\u8221\'94 Seb asked as she gestured at the carnage. \u8220\'93Greskal ain\u8217\'92t the only man who hates Hrks this much, but damn it if he ain\u8217\'92t one of \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Seb could squeeze in another word, Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worn-out drawl came magnified out of the tunnel behind them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah\u8217\'92s right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stern assertion stunned them all back into silence, and Mandri, like everyone else, peered dumbly into the tunnel after the witch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet gave a rattling sigh, and she stood up as straight as her back allowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must have been the panic,\u8221\'94 she said as she walked towards the courtyard. It seemed all her joints were aching, like every weary moment of the long journey was suddenly set upon her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mere hate, no, that wouldn\u8217\'92t have been enough. The panic of the age\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s what gets a stomach growling. Always does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped into the light and surveyed the courtyard with a hateful glare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you sense it, Mazid? Can you sense the panic? Or have you been swimming in it so long you can\u8217\'92t tell it\u8217\'92s there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93PANIC!\u8221\'94 Elrahet shrieked. \u8220\'93Panic sets the stomach growling. Panic wakes it up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wakes what up?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip curled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Amalgamete.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The graveled word zipped past Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear like a rock aimed for his head, and he felt, somehow, like he\u8217\'92d just dodged another death. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Twas the Amalgamete which did this,\u8221\'94 she declared. \u8220\'93Twas a man who became the Amalgamete.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram, still composed, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will do what we can for them, then we leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing we can do can help these pilgrims,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet grimly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat her agreement onto the courtyard brick and said flatly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dead is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are not dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked with fresh horror upon the nearest pilgrim. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen enough of death to know that humans were fragile things, and this man had been brutalized beyond comprehension. There was no way he could still be alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On second glance the pilgrim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wounds were quite peculiar. The strip of missing skin on the outside of his thigh was circumscribed by white-pink rings of fresh skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fresh skin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Still growing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Healing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri took a step closer, and as he did, the pilgrim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haircloth habit shuddered. Mandri sprang back just as the man\u8217\'92s ruined head jerked up, tossing a spill of blood at Mandri\u8217\'92s feet. The poor man\u8217\'92s tongue twisted out of his yawning mouth as he tried in vain to grasp a wet breath through his chained throat and shattered ribs. He wheezed and gulped, and his chest heaved against the rope of thorns, but in the end his eyes rolled back and his whole body went limp and quiet again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His very Spark is bound to the pole,\u8221\'94 Elrahet explained. She seemed unable now to look upon the pilgrim. \u8220\'93He will die, and die, and die again.\u8221\'94 Her bottom lip quivered, and she seemed about to explode in rage. She then stamped her cane into the ground and proclaimed, \u8220\'93We are not safe! We must leave at once!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She hobbled back into the tunnel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was the first to follow. Then Ayram and Moteah. Mandri joined them in the shadow of the tower and was glad to be gone from that courtyard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb remained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 she said, indignant. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re goin\u8217\'92 back!? What about the Greskalun?\u8221\'94 She jabbed an open hand towards the dark rent in the mountains behind, as if the Greskalun were right there and the others only had to squint a little to see them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are no Greskalun,\u8221\'94 Moteah said again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Seb stood her ground. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91til we go and have a look! We at least got to look!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That Pass is cursed!\u8221\'94 Moto exclaimed, but Seb merely crossed her arms and argued, \u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t be worse than the Hrks.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then, from the desert, there came a sharp and roaring bleat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hrkan horn of war.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEEooooooooooooooooooommm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The call sent a shiver of surprise through the tunnel, and all eyes raced westward, for there in the distance was a speck of man set against the glare of the desert. All that could be made of him were the familiar blue robes of a Hrkan scribe. At his side was a shorter figure wrapped in black. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Mazidariga.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Behind them, from around the sprawling tumble of the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shattered stones, was a double-column of white robed soldiers marching in even squares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93RUN!\u8221\'94 Ayram roared, and if that wasn\u8217\'92t enough to prod Mandri into motion, the Mazidariga\u8217\'92s warbling whistle split the air, shooting a splitting ache into his head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He turned and ran through the accursed courtyard, weaving a route around the pilgrim poles and up the courtyard slope. There the whistle pitched into a mind splitting squeal. He dropped to his knees, cowered against the sound, and he prayed a broken prayer between gasps as he could feel his breath begin to leave him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, the whistling faded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could breathe again. When he slid back into the present moment he found that Ayram was carrying him out of the Riga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s range.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Ayram saw that Mandri had come to, he set Mandri down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah ran right by them. As did Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move!\u8221\'94 Ayram barked at Mandri, and he set off galloping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bumped into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back, sending them both into a tumble. They hurriedly picked themselves up and joined the others, Ayram leading, Elrahet clinging to his pack like a spider, snarling encouragement to her struggling tribe.}}