{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hand gripping stomach \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  begins with Shis pt. 1}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wedded together\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s demon sees sparks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Show Moteah tether - grow and fade later in book}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Also, fewre threads under ground compared to exposure at the surface.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Without the stomach\u8217\'92s spark, the natural passions of the organs are left to fight it out. Depending on your composition, there are the loins, the heart, the head.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Get rid of the AllWhite}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just call it the White.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Presage goree curse in}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Schisolariga}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Keenkedra}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Ch. TOB}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -ch Seb the Servant}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All the body\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s organs have desires. THe Spark weaves these into a will. So this is why Elrahet must keep pruning Mandri.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pronoun + filter word}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I saw}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He noticed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She gave}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Filter word places distance between the reader and the action.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He sat down and the chair squeaked -> the chair squeaked under his weight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Simply omit them}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thought, heard, realized, noticed, thought, felt, seemed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 overusing past perfect}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Had been/ had had/ etc.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 similar adjectives}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Dark, gloomy room\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 weak pronouns}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91He grabbed it and gave it to her\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91He grabbed the letter and passed it across the table\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 passive sentences}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Object into the role of the subject, which usually leaves us asking: by what, or by whom?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab She cooked lunch. -> the object, lunch, is being cooked}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Take lunch and force it into being the object}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Lunch was cooked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -> action is being directed away from the thing doing the action.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 relying on adverbs instead of verbs}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -walked angrily -> stomped}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -cried loudly -> sobbed}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 be specific instead of vague}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -eventually, after some time, somehow, someway}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -After some time, he left}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -> Marko checked his wristwatch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 three minutes past noon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and slipped out the stairwell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -> She somehow found the river - she followed the sound of a waterfall.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 overuse of ing verbs or participles}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -participles only work when two things are happening at the same time}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab .e.g. he pulled out his phone, scrolling through the messages}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Vs. He unlocked the door, walking into the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Often misused after dialogue tags}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t go,\u8221\'94 he asked, reaching for her sleeve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not wrong, but it makes the speech redundant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not a bad point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 absolute phrases}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -phrases before or after a complete sentence, separated by a comma, in order to modify it.\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab [The rain falling heavily], the event was a total washout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Jade, [her mind racing a million directions], tore through her files looking for the messages she needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 >}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God Eye -> god-eye}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 -Change Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spear to a  spud bar}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fundamentally, it is fate, but this is broken down into sources of fate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -intrinsic purpose/instinct - natural yearning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -This natural yearning can then be woven by the gods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -this weave can be corrupted by fabled Black.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two levels}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - intrinsic purpose which solraheen made}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A chain of relationship forms between minder and mazid when the midner concentrates}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All-White -> Allwhite}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 We have red and witless eyes in Chapter Ayram \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 need to take it out becasue we have it in Chapter Salavan}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Minds crowede periphery - in SebtheServant and in Epilogue}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 SPindrifts appear only in GOREE PASS}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91If you can believe it\u8217\'92. Where else? This is a Pyetle thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Triage body Functions - in Fabled Black, in Journey}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Slaveback mountains - currently in FabledBlack/Journey}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Sebs laugh in Pseudo shis is described as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93half-cackle\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - did this happen with Pel already??\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  In chapter Mandrameen - half-cackle, half delerious groan}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 -}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was the only one allowed to peek out over the hills and down into the spreading plain. He was the only one allowed because he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d said he was the only one allowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Mirrors too closely language about torches in Mandri in Shulgi}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet ignored him entirely as she turned to his sister. She stepped towards the girl, cane tapping on stone, demanding attention. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When you came to my door,\u8221\'94 she said in tones which brooked instruction, \u8220\'93you came desiring help. What was it I said?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. There was a moment of shared memory, and when Elrahet nodded, Moteah said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto squealed in shock. He turned to appeal again to Ayram. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}}