{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.ipsi.utoronto.ca/sdis/Relevance-Published.pdf"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 http://www.ipsi.utoronto.ca/sdis/Relevance-Published.pdf}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 n order to understand combinatorial explosion, one needs to understand how problems were represented in the GPS framework. In this framework, a problem is represented by four elements: a representation of the initial state, a representation of the goal state, a representation of all of the operators an agent can use to turn one state into another and finally path constraints which disallow certain types of solutions [26, 32]. Taken together, these elements generate a problem space or search space which consists of all the possible sequences of states that the agent could take. A solution consists in finding the sequence of operations which will take the agent from the initial state to the goal state while obeying path constraints. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The GPS model was useful because it made apparent that for most problems which humans solve, the associated search spaces are vast and complex. For example, consider a typical chess game. On average, for each turn there are \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8764\'7E30 legal operations you can perform, and there are typically 60 Relevance Realization 3 turns in a game. So the number of alternative sequences you would have to search in order to find a path from the initial state to the goal is FD, where F is the number of operators and D is the number of turns. So in our chess example the number of pathways you would have to search would be 3060 which is a very large number. This number of paths is far too large for any conceivable computer to search exhaustively (consider for comparison that the number of electrons in the entire universe is estimated at \u8764\'7E1079). Nevertheless, humans successfully wend their way from initial states to goal states all the time (while respecting path constraints). How do they do it? How do they do a search through that space in a way that is non-exhaustive, but still intelligent? In practice, people make use of heuristic search in which large regions of the search space are not considered [33, p. 96]. But typically models of such heuristics are hand crafted by AI practitioners for the problem of interest, and there are no general theoretical accounts of how to mechanistically generate heuristics powerful enough to produce human-level competence. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A major failure of the GPS framework was that it relied on the assumption that problems form a well-defined class and that most problems could easily be turned into well defined or formal problems [21]. It became clear that for many real-world problems (e.g. taking good notes during a lecture), the initial state, goal states, path constraints and operators are either incomplete, vague or missing. Such problems are known as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91ill-defined problems\u8217\'92. Human being\u8217\'92s ability to avoid combinatorial explosion stems from the way they can convert ill-defined problems into well-defined problems [26]. Certain actions are immediately ruled out via non-inclusion in the problem space during problem formulation, thereby making the search space far more tractable (e.g. no one even considers including the ambient temperature of the room while taking notes in a lecture). The key is our ability to zero in on the relevant information and the relevant structure of the information to perform the actions needed for good problem formulation. However, to determine what is relevant to a problem also involves determining what is irrelevant! As such, the smaller search space which problem formulation affords us is only achievable if we initially consider the larger search space and segregate the relevant from the irrelevant. This leads us back into the problem of combinatorial explosion. We are caught in a nasty circle here in which we need good problem formulation in order to deal with combinatorial explosion, and yet good problem formulation seems to be a combinatorially explosive problem. Only an account of how people realize what is relevant while avoiding combinatorial explosion can break through this theoretical circle. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Dennett\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s example illustrates, for an agent to take action in even relatively simple circumstances it must somehow intelligently ignore a great deal of information, but this seems paradoxical. This requires zeroing in on the relevant information while not even considering most of the irrelevant information. It requires putting a frame around one\u8217\'92s cognition. This is therefore a generalized version of the frame problem [36], indicating that we have on our hands an essential problem that extends well beyond this case. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}