{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Solitant priest hears the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91white\u8217\'92 and thinks of the pure white glow of Solraheen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a white light so bright it bursts out of itself and splits softly into rays of red, green, and blue. A Hrkan slave hears the word \u8216\'91white\u8217\'92 and pictures the plain and stainless robes of Hrkan Lordship. An outland poke hears \u8216\'91white\u8217\'92 and thinks of sparkling salt pans, clouds, or sun-bleached bone. As it is with \u8216\'91white\u8217\'92, so it is with words, they mean different things to different people. It is some wonder then, that Solraheen would choose to use a word to create the world. Solraheen was there in the void, spoke one word, the world emerged, and people haven\u8217\'92t stopped arguing about the meaning of it all ever since. They even argue about whether any of that ever happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Solitants teach that at the moment of creation, words had fixed meanings. Supposedly, the general confusion over meaning only arrived when Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s evil brother did. Art, for example, had a clear purpose: the word denoted an object infused with a divine message. These days the heresy of art as a means of personal expression pollutes the minds of many. Vigram once heard a Solitant sermon titled, \u8216\'91Art as Exegetical Instrument\u8217\'92, and it began with the following questions:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is art?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who is an artist?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, Vigram could tell you. in between \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A painter, a sculptor, these are artists, yes, that\u8217\'92s reasonable to say, but what about a farmer? Can he be an artist too if he digs dirt in a way that\u8217\'92s true to the Spark within himself? Is a sheep-shearer plying her shears an artist if she\u8217\'92s clever? Are tax collectors artists if they plumb the depths of greed? If these people are artists, then the word is as useful as an unmarked weight. The Solitants are right, Mandri. There is a need, here, for a word with walls! The true artist, the divine instrument, must be kept apart from the self-skinny horde.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What word would you suggest?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. He had absolutely no interest in the matter, but he could feign interest well enough. If he looked at Vigram after chewing through \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  some vapid comment that displayed a function\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0   Vigram would assume he was invested in the conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should mention,\u8221\'94 said Vigram, \u8220\'93that the Old Jandri word for \u8216\'91artist\u8217\'92 is lost to time, but there is a word in what\u8217\'92s left of that language fit for adoption\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 burshegee.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting,\u8221\'94 Mandri lied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Literally, burshegee means something like \u8216\'91fertile ground\u8217\'92, but in the Solitant tradition it means \u8216\'91true artist\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never heard of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t mean quite the same thing as \u8216\'91virtuoso\u8217\'92\u8230\'85 I tell you, true artistry has almost nothing to do with what a person does. That\u8217\'92s what no one understands. Some true artists never make anything at all, yet true artists they remain because true artistry, fertile ground, this is a state of mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose that makes sense.\u8221\'94 More eating. Settle firmly on Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To be clear, it\u8217\'92s not a noble state of mind. Or even an intelligent one. The clearest marker of true artistry is excess\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you know, too many big ideas, too many shallow excuses, that sort of thing. You should know. So exaggerated is an artist\u8217\'92s sense of self that it becomes impossible to describe them without resorting to sarcasm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can think of a few people who might fit that description.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m talking about you, Mandri. How should I describe you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With respect and admiration.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen is the humblest humble that ever humbled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think too much of myself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stunned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram was correct. Mandri did think too much of himself. When Mandri was ten, he could paint a portrait in oils that rivaled the old Jeketian masters. And his paintings weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t polish-jobs where the paint was thin and every hair was rendered into being like he\u8217\'92d lost the plot of reality. When he painted a portrait the paint was richly applied through a tight economy of strokes. With a single stroke of thick umber on slim black he could define the chestnut skin, the high-arched cheek, the skull underneath, the light, the shadow, even the mood of the piece. One single stroke! With twenty-four he could make a true, vivid likeness. There were few extra nibbles here and there to make the eyes glisten and the cleavage heave, but nobody counted those. No one save Vigram. He was a quite the lascivious man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s give an example, Mandri. Answer this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what do you do for a living?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing important. I paint things. For whatever that is worth\u8221\'94. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94 Vigram laughed, as if because it meant all the world. Then he\u8217\'92d strut around the grand Hrkan galleries and this charade of humility melted away because he could not hide his contempt for his contemporaries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stand in front of a painting and say, \u8220\'93This piece really moves me,\u8221\'94 and then he\u8217\'92d make a show of walking away. All must bear witness to his mop of black hair as it flounced itself in time with his skinny, stiff-backed step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say, \u8220\'93I weep at every stroke,\u8221\'94 and he\u8217\'92d flash a knowing smile. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say these things directly to the target\u8217\'92s face if he could get to it. He didn\u8217\'92t think of it as mean-spirited because artists, like himself, were safe targets for playful derision. It wasn\u8217\'92t the person he was making fun of, it was their failed attempts to express themselves, and those were }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 completely}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  different things. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never go after the person, no.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Artists were the best people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It takes the best kind of person to put themselves in front of others and push through the barbs. It takes tough skin, unreasonable confidence, a flair for the dramatic, and other things besides. Without any of that, an artist is doomed to a life of sad obscurity. Above all, they must be direct.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram, you haven\u8217\'92t the faintest idea of what you\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In whose house do we sit, boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, Vigram, when it comes to these things, I am correct. If, by some cosmic absurdity, I am not correct in any of the literal, figurative, or spiritual senses, then \u8216\'91correctness\u8217\'92 does not belong to this earthly domain. It\u8217\'92s certainly out of your reach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? Because I like some painters who aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you\u8217\'92re not a painter yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I pay you for lessons, don\u8217\'92t I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These lessons are a charity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I pay you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Even so.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old Vigram had made his fortune as a creditor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These lessons were held at Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s countryside estate, a good way away from the must and crust of Meskalim. The days started with breakfast, where Vigram, a burly old man with a bald head and a belly-beard, oiled and trimmed, would push Mandri to explain why he was not a success. Each week Vigram put the question in a different way, but it was always about that same basic thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why wasn\u8217\'92t Mandri swimming in money? Painters were richly rewarded throughout the Hrkan world. Painting was a sacred discipline. He should be swimming in coin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried to explain that financial success, when it comes to art, has little to do with skill or quality. Novelty plays a role, but mostly it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about preening tongues and critic\u8217\'92s pens. It\u8217\'92s about how many people knew the raw fact of his existence. Vigram always pushed back, and today Mandri settled the matter by declaring, in between mouthfuls of seared lizard lung, \u8220\'93I refuse to debase myself by doing what it takes to succeed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram set out to regale Mandri with the story of his own life, how he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d acquired his own fortune. Mandri had heard this story so many times that he could tell it right back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First, inherit four ounces of silver. This may seem like an insurmountable obstacle for some.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next, loan those four ounces to two brothers who run a bakery. Ensure it's a bakery that supplies a Solitant temple with bread\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a surefire bet because temples are always the last thing the mob will torch in lean times. The temple and the bakery brothers might accuse you of committing usury against Solraheen Himself, because you are, but Solraheen is dead so what does it matter? If you get together with a priest and pray about it around a jug of beer, simply flash him a slip of silver and the bleary shine will blind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After that, lend smaller amounts over shorter terms to farmers who need emergency loans to pay their taxes after droughts or infestations. Split these debts up and sell them off in Meskalim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bond market. There\u8217\'92s not much money in Meskalim itself, but it has a busy port and that means access to all the important markets of the Hrkan world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From there, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a simple matter of sprouting six more eyes, four more limbs, and now that you\u8217\'92ve become a human spider you\u8217\'92ll be able to spin a web of silver that stretches into every corner of the holy continent of Jandri. The fools will walk right into the net of debt. The wiggling only sticks them snug. You pick out the salvageable ones for your own use, and now you\u8217\'92ve got a little brood of spiders pouring over lists of sums credited and debts owed, and as long as you maintain a layer of abstraction between these creatures and your muscle, it\u8217\'92s all self-sustaining.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s it. Now you have a comfortable life and idle hours to spend however you please.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No debasement necessary,\u8221\'94 Vigram added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri chowed down on the cold, crumbled chunks of what he supposed was black-sauced beef spleen. Most of Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breakfast foods were unfamiliar, as Vigram could afford to eat a different delicacy for every meal. Vigram also had a chronic toothache, so he preferred foods that had to be scooped with sand clam shells, all slathered in sauces that would stick to the roof of the mouth. This toothache also forced Vigram to talk out the side of his mouth in an odd drawl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve forgotten to pray,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri set a clam shell down, bowed his head, and prepared himself to endure another Sparkless prayer, more habitual than ritual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram called, and Mandri responded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bless this food,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So that it can be,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Consumed by the body,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So that it can,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feed the Spark,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So that it can,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move the flesh,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So that it can be,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Consumed by the body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vigram wiped the grease off his plump fingers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri. You know all about art. And that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s why I respect you so much. I know all about money. At a certain point you have to join them up, because the world doesn\u8217\'92t work how it should. The world works how it works. You have to make a living.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wolfed down a peach-jellied egg, then meekly agreed. He would have told Vigram what he really thought, but he really, really, needed Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s money.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram clapped his meaty hands and a nameless slave came in and took their plates. Then the two of them headed out to Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vine-trellised, brown-brick patio, where Vigram set himself to work in setting up a canvas and an easel which he claimed to have built himself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sure, slaves cut and planed the lumber, brewed the glue, hammered the metal fittings, but mighty Vigram did the rest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure you want to do this here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 asked Vigram. \u8220\'93Is there something wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. There\u8217\'92s nothing wrong, exactly. It\u8217\'92s that this light is going to make things so much more difficult.\u8221\'94 The patio\u8217\'92s roof was not yet thick enough with vines, and that meant a richly dappled light would fall upon the sitter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram shook his head, which sent his great brown beard wiggling as if it were alive. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dear Mandri,\u8221\'94 he said, drawl rolling heavy. \u8220\'93The patterns of light and shadow are a magical vesture.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stifled a grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can worry about \u8216\'91magical vestures\u8217\'92 when you\u8217\'92re good enough to make a face look like a face.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Vigram. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t have it any other way. A magical vesture for a magical subject.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if bidden from the heavens by Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, his daughter, Lora, joined them on the patio. She was Vigram\u8217\'92s favorite subject, Mandri\u8217\'92s age, the only one of Vigram\u8217\'92s five children willing to sit for him. The only one of his children unmarried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t she a subject fit for holy oils?\u8221\'94 Vigram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Undoubtedly,\u8221\'94 said Mandri as his eyes flicked to Lora without intention, though Vigram interpreted it, as he always did, as the most rabid of intentions. The old man\u8217\'92s eyes squeezed out a suggestive smile. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pretended he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice. Lora was good natured, comely, with clear brown skin and sun-kissed cheeks. She was also a belly roll away from mixing in with the oxen lowing in the adjacent field. Many a young man would leap at the chance to be with a fertility goddess such as she, but Mandri didn\u8217\'92t want to have children.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help her up,\u8221\'94 Vigram commanded. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ready the canvas and paint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did as he was told and helped Lora up onto a high-legged stool. Lora let her fingers linger on his arm. Vigram barked at Mandri to stop distracting his muse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again, Mandri did as he was told and took up his post behind the old man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram snatched up a stick of soft charcoal and put down his first exploratory marks. This was always always the most difficult phase. Every work of art must be built on a firm foundation. Get it wrong and everything that comes after will be wrong as well. Unfortunately for Vigram, he had that all-too-common beginner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s habit of refusing to use his god-damned brain. He started drawing wherever his hand randomly landed and what happened next was up to Solraheen. The end result was that Lora\u8217\'92s head was, somehow, too small. It was also too left-of-center. There\u8217\'92d be an awkward expanse behind her flower-studded curls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re moving too fast. Don\u8217\'92t think of this as a portrait\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not yet. All we have right now is an oval, a rectangular canvas, and where that oval sits on that canvas. All you\u8217\'92re doing is putting an oval on the canvas.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So think about, where\u8217\'92s the best place to put that oval? Make use of the whole canvas.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Yes you\u8217\'92re right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram rubbed the marks away with his palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He studied Lora.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped again to the canvas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he scratched a black oval right back where it had been.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that better?\u8221\'94 he asked with all the awareness of a potted plant. \u8220\'93It needs to be a little bigger, I think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram drew the oval again, but only slightly larger. Mandri encouraged the old man to continue, and from then on, almost every mark Vigram made was accompanied by a look back to Mandri for reassurance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t look at me, look at her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need to know if it is right or if it is wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just assume that it\u8217\'92s always wrong, and then try to figure out why it\u8217\'92s wrong, and then fix it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a glimmer of understanding in Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye, but as soon as it came it faded. He twirled his beard between his fat fingers, then asked, \u8220\'93If the mark I make is always wrong, then how could I ever move past it? I\u8217\'92ll be redrawing the same line over and over again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You move on when you can\u8217\'92t stand it anymore and just want to move on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I want to move on. I\u8217\'92m here to paint, not draw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, hold on. Finish\u8230\'85finish the basic shapes, at least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91finished\u8217\'92 the \u8216\'91basic shapes\u8217\'92. He looked to Mandri for final approval.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s your paint,\u8221\'94 Mandri said with a shrug. \u8220\'93But you need to understand the importance of the drawing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do understand. You talk about it all the time.\u8221\'94 Vigram tossed his charcoal over his shoulder and squealed with delight as he picked up his favorite brush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri watched on in confusion as Vigram threw down the first splotches of color in a flurry. The man was building an affront to the senses, and Mandri was getting paid to witness it. And he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t deny a glance or two in Lora\u8217\'92s direction, for she was the sitter. Whenever his eyes wandered over to her, her smile would perk up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, stop flirting with my daughter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram hid himself behind the canvas and gave Mandri a knowing nod and another encouraging smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not flirting,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m checking proportions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how are her proportions?\u8221\'94 Vigram\u8217\'92s eyebrows jumped suggestively. Lora, for her part, squirmed in her seat, blushing in feigned embarrassment, loving the attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram, let\u8217\'92s focus on your painting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri paused to give Vigram time to refocus his energy into the task at hand. Mandri knew what was wrong with the piece\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he could write a treatise on it. He also knew that Vigram wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be able to handle an unvarnished critique. If the man got upset, then there\u8217\'92d be no more money, and Mandri really, really needed the money. Mandri was forced to compromise with himself and exercise restraint. He had to do what everyone else does\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 start off with a disarming compliment. Pick out a positive to open the student up to critique. The problem, at present, was that there was literally nothing good there on canvas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He leaned back, sank into his hip and made every honest effort to study the mishmash that Vigram was putting down. Unfortunately, Vigram had that other beginner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s habit of mixing colors on the canvas in an effort to undo mistakes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 while that can be done, it's a very dangerous thing to do. Oils dry too slowly to mess around. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vigram\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna say it anyway. You need to get the color correct on the palette before it touches the canvas. That\u8217\'92s what the palette is there for.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram nodded, then began his work again in earnest, and the morning dragged on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s assault reached his daughter\u8217\'92s chin and he mixed a bluish shade of bronze. Unless there was some extraordinary circumstance of light and shadow\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which there wasn\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was a color meant for the chin of a Jandri man who keeps a close shave. Vigram slapped it down over his charcoal guidelines, then his eyes darted between his daughter and the painting, back and forth, back and forth, and then his lips curled into a frown and he muttered, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not quite right.\u8221\'94 He gave Mandri a sheepish grin, then he stabbed his brush into a slug of white, and he rubbed it into that manly chin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not quite right either.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This would go on into infinity if Mandri did put a stop to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not bad,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The charcoal guidelines looked like they were bleeding pus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of those leafy shadows had drifted over Lora\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left eye, and Vigram had an amusing go at it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it looked like a bandit\u8217\'92s eye-patch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93No really, I mean it. It\u8217\'92s not a masterpiece, but it\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s on the path.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It does not do justice to such a fine daughter,\u8221\'94 said Vigram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tapped his bottom lip as Vigram stepped aside to let him fully into the work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember what I said last week?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that I need to study hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And have you done that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram laughed at his own impertinence. He had avoided the hands altogether. Under Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supervision, Vigram attempted to paint them. It was like watching a child stir food around on their plate, and when Vigram pulled his brush away, there were no hands, there were two bundles of sticks sticking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gave a meager smile to encourage the man. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only things that matter are the face and the hands,\u8221\'94 he said. He was struggling to stay useful. \u8220\'93You could give Lora a hundred ribs and a single breast and people will forgive you for it, so long as you\u8217\'92ve drawn a perfect face and delicate, expressive, anatomically correct hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do better with the hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram laughed again and Mandri rubbed his frustrated brow. This whole ordeal was a waste of time. If he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need that money so damned bad, he\u8217\'92d have quit after the first session.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His little reverie was interrupted when Lora jumped from the stool, crying out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri\u8217\'92s ox is eating the apples!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pointed an accusing finger to the hill beyond the trellis. All eyes peered through the vines, where some twenty yards away stood Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s one true possession\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a skinny yellow ox named Gil. Gil was craning his head up high to reach a sweet red apple. His long pink tongue was stuck out and twirling, but all it was doing was batting the ripened fruit around in circles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram turned to Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you insist on bringing that ox along?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil has a right to go where he wants,\u8221\'94 Mandri said firmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well he\u8217\'92s not got a right to my apples! If that ox eats anything that\u8217\'92s not already on the ground, I\u8217\'92ll have my man butcher it up. Now get the beast tied up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you going?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to pick out wine for brunch. Lora, my sweet, help the boy clean up. I\u8217\'92ll call you both when refreshment is ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old Vigram set his brush down, wiped his charcoal-stained fingers on an untouched corner of the canvas, and then plodded off, leaving Mandri trapped on the patio with Lora.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora slid off her stool and sauntered over to Mandri, where her intrepid hand brushed the back of his arm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can help you,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I know how to catch animals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil is not an animal,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93His Spark\u8217\'92s as bright as yours or mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s an ox, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m serious. Watch\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri turned to Gil, and out of her reach. \u8220\'93Gil!\u8221\'94 he shouted. \u8220\'93Gil, C\u8217\'92mere!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears swiveled at the mention of his name, and the rest of his head slowly followed. His protuberant eyes stared back through the vines, a dumb, bovine ogle. Slobber dripped unheeded from his lower lip. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil blinked, then got distracted by the long grass brushing his belly. He bit off a mouthful and began to chew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil! Hup!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This startled Gil into motion, sending him trotting towards the patio. The flap of his heavy dewlap rolled his short-hair hide back and forth over his sagging, aged spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poor old creature,\u8221\'94 Lora muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, he\u8217\'92s fine,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gill clopped onto the patio as if it were his living room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora hid herself behind Mandri in mock fright. It was enough of an excuse for her to squeeze Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scrawny shoulders and press herself against him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t need to be scared of Gil,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s the nicest old ox you\u8217\'92ll ever meet. He likes a good scratch right between the eyes. See?\u8221\'94 He stepped aside, out of Lora\u8217\'92s grasp, and stepped to greet Gil. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora ventured hesitantly towards Gil, and Gil let her scratch him into a cooing moo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a sweet thing, isn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is. But not as sweet as Vigram\u8217\'92s painting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora eyed her father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s painting and stifled a smile, but the depiction of her was so ridiculous that her smile grew bigger and bigger, until she finally broke out in laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s turned me into a demon,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the hands, they look like claws.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I try to tell him\u8230\'85hands require practice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora sidled up to Mandri, grabbed his hand and said, with all the lust and must of a woman in heat, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Artists need strong and dexterous hands, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85No\u8230\'85well, yes, but, uh\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t have any, uh, dexterity. I actually haven\u8217\'92t painted anything in years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be ridiculous,\u8221\'94 said Lora. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve seen you paint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Demonstrations, sure, but those don\u8217\'92t really count.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what have you been doing up on that little farm of yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Farming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at you,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve never farmed a day in your life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not lying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora stepped closer and purred, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why don\u8217\'92t you paint anymore?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85it would be too hard to explain.\u8221\'94 Mandri tore himself away from Lora yet again and tried to busy himself with Vigram\u8217\'92s mess. There was enough untouched pigment left on the palette for four more portraits. He moved to scrape a slap of yellow back into its little clay jar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try to explain it,\u8221\'94 said Lora.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, painting is, uh...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried to think of a palatable excuse, then he realized it was sitting right in his hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s too expensive. I mean, look at all this pigment. The canvas. At this point in my life it\u8217\'92d take me weeks to afford all this. Your father makes this in half a day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could make that much too if you came and worked for him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not good with money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All you\u8217\'92d be doing is signing a scrap of paper every now and again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora picked up a dirty brush and twirled its horse-hair head through the muddy colors of the palette.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, he doesn\u8217\'92t actually care about learning to paint. The only reason he pays for these lessons is because you would starve if he didn\u8217\'92t. He likes you. I like you.\u8221\'94 She batted her eyes and tried to catch him staring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that how he feels about it?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. \u8220\'93Well I don\u8217\'92t need charity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, I\u8217\'92ve seen your farm. My dad\u8217\'92s seen your farm. Everybody\u8217\'92s seen your farm. It\u8217\'92s not a farm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a farm to me. And it\u8217\'92s a farm to Gil. Isn\u8217\'92t that right, Gil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned to the animal, but Gil wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even on the patio. He\u8217\'92d snuck his way back up the hill to lick at that damned apple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora rolled the handle of the paintbrush in between her fingers. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girls in Meskalim all say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They say that you\u8217\'92re a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93An old woman came looking for you. She said you were a eunuch, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A woman came here just to tell you I\u8217\'92m a eunuch?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She called you a gaburshegee. She said that means eunuch, and she was looking for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yesterday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well she couldn\u8217\'92t have been looking for me, because I\u8217\'92m not a eunuch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora crossed her arms and gave Mandri a sly, expectant look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a woman, Mandri. What\u8217\'92s your problem?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to pull my uglies out just to prove they\u8217\'92re there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri believed this would be enough to put her off, but Lora was a girl trained in the art of bashful men. She saw right through him and made her move, grabbed his arm and pulled him close. She caught his eyes and forced him to confront her lilac scent, her pounding heat, her smooth skin, her honeyed, aching lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lora\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri knew he had to be very careful here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a beautiful girl, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what? You go in for men?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could be good for you,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what do you get out of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She squeezed herself against him and her warmth was overwhelming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could be good for me,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would not say that if you really knew me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s there to know? You\u8217\'92re just a boy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at the sight of her inviting smile, and the soft shadows of the vines overhead just so happened to frame her sparkling brown eyes with the most magnificent golden light. A magical vesture indeed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He nearly broke. He probably would have too if Gil hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reached his apple and let out a triumphant bellow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MMMMRRRRUUUUUooooooooooOOOOOOOoooo!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s roar was so loud and sickly that it startled Mandri and Lora out of their awkward embrace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri backed up against the vines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lora, this is not what I\u8217\'92m here for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m here for,\u8221\'94 said Lora.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked for a means of escape and his eyes stumbled over one of the house\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s misty window panes, behind which Vigram\u8217\'92s bearded face was smiling so wide it seemed he was about to stamp a return on interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay. I\u8217\'92m leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri practically leaped off the patio.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lora shouted after him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is wrong with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did not answer. There was no point in answering. This was not what he was here for. He ran, then jogged, then walked, then stopped when he realized that he was forgetting something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Gil was already trotting down the gentle hill to follow. Mandri waited up, and together they headed for the estate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s swing gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram was on their heels, marching fast with his robe hiked up and his long beard tucked under his arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened!?\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re leaving?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Vigram, I don\u8217\'92t want to be a bother, but could I get the money?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram frowned. He reached into his robe and pulled out a small brown sack of coin. He held it in the air as if to lure Mandri back towards the house.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lora thinks you\u8217\'92re using this money to buy burgeons from Geem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons?\u8221\'94 asked Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You deny it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would Lora know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you deny it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I deny it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram eyed Mandri with suspicion, then he shook the bag of coin and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want you to promise me that you\u8217\'92re not going to use this money to buy burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I promise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram looked down his nose at Mandri and scratched his beard. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to give you this money because I owe it. If I find out you\u8217\'92re using this for burgeons, then our arrangement here is finished. You won\u8217\'92t be coming back. And for Sol\u8217\'92s sake, buy some apples for this creature of yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram put the bag in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s palm, and Mandri tucked it into his robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got the gift of the brush, Mandri. Solraheen\u8217\'92s given you a gift. It\u8217\'92s a sacred gift.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. I\u8217\'92ll see you later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri and Gil walked out the gate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m serious!\u8221\'94 Vigram called out. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been given a gift!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri waved back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a gift, not a special one, at least. He could paint a portrait in twenty-four strokes, but few would be impressed if they watched him do it. He would spend hours and hours making those single strokes. He\u8217\'92d put one down, and if it wasn\u8217\'92t exactly right, he\u8217\'92d carefully wipe it away, then put it down again, and he\u8217\'92d repeat this for as long as it took. Days. A week. Longer. Had to wait for the paint to dry. People only ever saw the finished product, those twenty-four strokes, and upon seeing it they assumed that Mandri\u8217\'92s brush went slip-slap-boom and there\u8217\'92s a true likeness. That story couldn\u8217\'92t be further from the truth. Mandri\u8217\'92s real talent was his tolerance of tedium, and that\u8217\'92s a talent a person can lose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mandri was living proof. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he and Gil got to the top of the big hill that overlooked Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s estate, he took one last look back. Vigram was still standing in his drive. The old man waved, and then he cupped his voice and shouted, \u8220\'93No burgeons!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered under his breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll douse your Spark!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri waved back and then kept on walking all the way to Geem\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. There he bought half a bushel of burgeons, and Geem gave Gil half a melon, free of charge. They were Down-Valley burgeons, decent stuff but the waxy capsule leaves were a bit too brittle so they\u8217\'92d split too quickly and the insides would dry out before Mandri could get to them. But that was all Geem had so he bought them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri and Gil continued along the road, stomping their way through the muddy wheel-ruts, slapping away the flies, humming and mooing nursery rhymes until they made it back Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s farm. There he could finally relax and lose all sense of himself in the deep and blessed bliss brought on by beer spiked through with burgeons.}}