{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was put in temporary charge of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s keeping. Elrahet wanted to bother Moteah with something or other, and Seb volunteered for the task. Seb\u8217\'92s motivations did not become clear until that evening, when she took the opportunity to hide behind Mandri\u8217\'92s figure and sneak sips of wine. The sun was drawing down and Seb\u8217\'92s eyelids drooped as her mind scrambled to triage her bodily functions. Trivial things like the drool dribbling down her chin were ignored so that she could focus on settling slosh of her stomach bile. Whenever it rose and burned her throat she\u8217\'92d twist to try and vomit it into the sand. Nothing but spittle ever came out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered to himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Seb belched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, the landscape. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That evening\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s journey was . Islands of sand Once a delta system draining south. Like what he\u8217\'92d seen from the saddle of the Junei pass Fractal nature.  Mandri could wipe it away with his finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Startled to find, there in the fractal crack the shadow didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t disappear. black. Black as the cave of history. Fabled black. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Calling to him. Wonders if its everywhere. All the shadows are made of it. He dug around, expecting a lode or a shattered pool. Only a shard. Somehow couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab He picks it up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92 touch that!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Seb slaps it out of his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab It melts back into the shadow cracks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Down to his knees shifting threough. Patting it lightly, hopint.}}