{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 schopenhaouer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He who is commanded is because he cannot obey himself.    A mothers lovbe vs a mothers hate}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 When a head and a book come into collision, and sound is hollow, is it always the book?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The intellect is merely the minister of foreign affairs. The will is dominant.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our walking is nothing but a constantly prevent falling, our life is nothign but a constantly prevented dying, an ever post-poned death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Genius is the knowldege triumphing over will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thats why genius hates women - they seduce the natural will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Women cannot be genius, creatures of pure subject will }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What crime has these children committed that they should be born?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Apocraphyl lenin quote}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Liberty is precious, so precious it must be rationed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 MANDRI to OBO- existence has no intrinsic joy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The task of subsisting at all. If this is accomplished, life is a burden. And there comes the second task of doing something with that which has been won, of warding off boredom, which like a bird of prey, hovers over us and strikes when it sees a life secure from need. The first task is to win something, the second, to banish the feeling that it has been won, otherwise, it is a burdern. Human life must be some kind of mistake. The truth of this will become obvious when he consider that man is a compound of needs and necessities hard to satisfy, and  that even when they are satisfied, all he obtains is a state of painlessness, where nothing remains to him but abandonment to boredom. This is direct proof that existence has no value in iteslf, for what is boredom but the feeling of the emptiness of life. If life, the craving for which is the very essence of our being were possessed of any positive intrinsic value, there would be no such thing as boredom at all, mere existence would satisfy us in itself and we should want for nothing. But as it is we take no delight in existence except when we are struggling for sometrhing, and then distance and difficulties to be overcome make our goal look as though it would satisfy us, an illusion that vanishes when we reach it or else when we are occupied with some purely intellectual interset, in reality we have stepped forth from life to look upon it from the outside, much after the manner of spectators at a play and even sensual pleasure itslef means nothing but a struggle and aspiration ceasing the moment its aim is attained. Whenever we are not occupied in one of these but cast upon existence itself, its vain and worthless nature is brought home to us, and this is what we mean by boredom. The hankering after what is strange and uncommon and innate and inerraticable tendency of human nature shows how glad we are at any interruption of that natural course of affairs which is so very tedious.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb210\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs28\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::3>THRASYMACHOS\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 PHILALETHES.<!$Scr_H::3>}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thrasymachos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Tell me now, in one word, what shall I be after my death? And mind you be clear and precise.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Philalethes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . All and nothing!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thrasymachos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . I thought so! I gave you a problem, and you solve it by a contradiction. That's a very stale trick.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Philalethes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Yes, but you raise transcendental questions, and you expect me to answer them in language that is only made for immanent knowledge. It's no wonder that a contradiction ensues.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thrasymachos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . What do you mean by transcendental questions and immanent knowledge? I've heard these expressions before, of course; they are not new to me. The Professor was fond of using them, but only as predicates of the Deity, and he never talked of anything else; which was all quite right and proper. He argued thus: if the Deity was in the world itself, he was immanent; if he was somewhere outside it, he was transcendent. Nothing could be clearer and more obvious! You knew where you were. But this Kantian rigmarole won't do any more: it's antiquated and no longer applicable to modern ideas. Why, we've had a whole row of eminent men in the metropolis of German learning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Philalethes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . (Aside.) German humbug, he means.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thrasymachos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The mighty Schleiermacher, for instance, and that gigantic intellect, Hegel; and at this time of day we've abandoned that nonsense. I should rather say we're so far beyond it that we can't put up with it any more. What's the use of it then? What does it all mean?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Philalethes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Transcendental knowledge is knowledge which passes beyond the bounds of possible experience, and strives to determine the nature of things as they are in themselves. Immanent knowledge, on the other hand, is knowledge which confines itself entirely with those bounds; so that it cannot apply to anything but actual phenomena. As far as you are an individual, death will be the end of you. But your individuality is not your true and inmost being: it is only the outward manifestation of it. It is not the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 thing-in-itself}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , but only the phenomenon presented in the form of time; and therefore with a beginning and an end. But your real being knows neither time, nor beginning, nor end, nor yet the limits of any given individual. It is everywhere present in every individual; and no individual can exist apart from it. So when death comes, on the one hand you are annihilated as an individual; on the other, you are and remain everything. That is what I meant when I said that after your death you would be all and nothing. It is difficult to find a more precise answer to your question and at the same time be brief. The answer is contradictory, I admit; but it is so simply because your life is in time, and the immortal part of you in eternity. You may put the matter thus: Your immortal part is something that does not last in time and yet is indestructible; but there you have another contradiction! You see what happens by trying to bring the transcendental within the limits of immanent knowledge. It is in some sort doing violence to the latter by misusing it for ends it was never meant to serve.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thrasymachos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Look here, I shan't give twopence for your immortality unless I'm to remain an individual.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Philalethes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Well, perhaps I may be able to satisfy you on this point. Suppose I guarantee that after death you shall remain an individual, but only on condition that you first spend three months of complete unconsciousness.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thrasymachos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . I shall have no objection to that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Philalethes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . But remember, if people are completely unconscious, they take no account of time. So, when you are dead, it's all the same to you whether three months pass in the world of consciousness, or ten thousand years. In the one case as in the other, it is simply a matter of believing what is told you when you awake. So far, then, you can afford to be indifferent whether it is three months or ten thousand years that pass before you recover your individuality.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thrasymachos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Yes, if it comes to that, I suppose you're right.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Philalethes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . And if by chance, after those ten thousand years have gone by, no one ever thinks of awakening you, I fancy it would be no great misfortune. You would have become quite accustomed to non-existence after so long a spell of it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 following upon such a very few years of life. At any rate you may be sure you would be perfectly ignorant of the whole thing. Further, if you knew that the mysterious power which keeps you in your present state of life had never once ceased in those ten thousand years to bring forth other phenomena like yourself, and to endow them with life, it would fully console you.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thrasymachos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Indeed! So you think you're quietly going to do me out of my individuality with all this fine talk. But I'm up to your tricks. I tell you I won't exist unless I can have my individuality. I'm not going to be put off with 'mysterious powers,' and what you call 'phenomena.' I can't do without my individuality, and I won't give it up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Philalethes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . You mean, I suppose, that your individuality is such a delightful thing, so splendid, so perfect, and beyond compare\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that you can't imagine anything better. Aren't you ready to exchange your present state for one which, if we can judge by what is told us, may possibly be superior and more endurable?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thrasymachos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Don't you see that my individuality, be it what it may, is my very self? To me it is the most important thing in the world.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0   }{\f4\fs24\b0\i1 For God is God and I am I}{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~want to exist,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I, I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . That's the main thing. I don't care about an existence which has to be proved to be mine, before I can believe it.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Philalethes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Think what you're doing! When you say\~}{\f5\fs24\b1\i1 I, I, I}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \~want to exist, it is not you alone that says this. Everything says it, absolutely everything that has the faintest trace of consciousness. It follows, then, that this desire of yours is just the part of you that is\~}{\f5\fs24\b1\i1 not individual}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 the part that is common to all things without distinction.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  It is the cry, not of the individual, but of existence itself; it is the intrinsic element in everything that exists, nay, it is the cause of anything existing at all. This desire craves for, and so is satisfied with, nothing less than existence in general\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not any definite individual existence. No! that is not its aim. It seems to be so only because this desire\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 attains consciousness only in the individual, and therefore looks as though it were concerned with nothing but the individual. There lies the illusion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an illusion, it is true, in which the individual is held fast: but, if he reflects, he can break the fetters and set himself free. It is only indirectly, I say, that the individual has this violent craving for existence. It is\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 the Will to Live}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~which is the real and direct aspirant\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 alike and identical in all things. Since, then, existence is the free work, nay, the mere reflection of the will, where existence is, there, too, must be will; and for the moment the will finds its satisfaction in existence itself; so far, I mean, as that which never rests, but presses forward eternally, can ever find any satisfaction at all. The will is careless of the individual: the individual is not its business; although, as I have said, this seems to be the case, because the individual has no direct consciousness of will except in himself. The effect of this is to make the individual careful to maintain his own existence; and if this were not so, there would be no surety for the preservation of the species. From all this it is clear that individuality is not a form of perfection, but rather of limitation; and so to be freed from it is not loss but gain. Trouble yourself no more about the matter. Once thoroughly recognize what you are, what your existence really is, namely, the universal will to live, and the whole question will seem to you childish, and most ridiculous!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thrasymachos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . You're childish yourself and most ridiculous, like all philosophers! and if a man of my age lets himself in for a quarter-of-an-hour's talk with such fools, it is only because it amuses me and passes the time. I've more important business to attend to, so Good-bye.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Self-}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Portrait}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is impossible.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why is it that, in spite of all the mirrors in the world, no one really knows what he looks like?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A man may call to mind the face of his friend, but not his own. Here, then, is an initial difficulty in the way of applying the maxim,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Know thyself}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is partly, no doubt, to be explained by the fact that it is physically impossible for a man to see himself in the glass except with face turned straight towards it and perfectly motionless; where the expression of the eye, which counts for so much, and really gives its whole character to the face, is to a great extent lost. But co-existing with this physical impossibility, there seems to me to be an ethical impossibility of an analogous nature, and producing the same effect. A man cannot look upon his own reflection as though the person presented there were\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 a stranger}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to him; and yet this is necessary if he is to take\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 an objective view}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . In the last resort, an objective view means a deep-rooted feeling on the part of the individual, as a moral being, that that which he is contemplating is\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not himself}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/files/10732/10732-h/10732-h.htm#linknote-24"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf4 4}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ; and unless he can take this point of view, he will not see things in a really true light, which is possible only if he is alive to their actual defects, exactly as they are. Instead of that, when a man sees himself in the glass, something out of his own egotistic nature whispers to him to take care to remember that\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 it is no stranger, but himself, that he is looking at}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ; and this operates as a\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 noli me tang ere}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and prevents him taking an objective view. It seems, indeed, as if, without the leaven of a grain of malice, such a view were impossible.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What makes people\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 hard-hearted}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is this, that each man has, or fancies he has, as much as he can bear in his own troubles. Hence, if a man suddenly finds himself in an unusually happy position, it will in most cases result in his being sympathetic and kind. But if he has never been in any other than a happy position, or this becomes his permanent state, the effect of it is often just the contrary: it so far removes him from suffering that he is incapable of feeling any more sympathy with it. So it is that the poor often show themselves more ready to help than the rich. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}