{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The mood was dour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun did not enjoy handling their own dead. There were also those desiccated giants, corpses like the one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s in Mandri\u8217\'92s closet tomb. In the collapse they\u8217\'92d split apart like twigs. Whatever parts could be found were tossed on top of the pile like tinder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  He wondered if it were possible to devise a gesture so off color it could be mistaken for a compliment, like a roaring burp that expresses satisfaction with a meal.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then she pushed Mandri down, so that he lay flat next to the Riga, their bellies even. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If Mandri could speak he would have asked what was going on. If he could make any noise at all he would have yelped when Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s black knife turned in her hand. Even the red light of the setting sun couldn\u8217\'92t color that void.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet began to whisper her grim, guttural speech into his ear. As she did, she held her dagger to his throat and nicked the air above it. Whatever string had bound his throat tight was snapped and suddenly the foul stew was sliding down his gullet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quick!\u8221\'94 Elrahet barked, and she beckoned towards Moteah, who\u8217\'92d been sitting nearby this whole time, silent as the lengthening shadows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Squeeze the hand!\u8221\'94 Elrahet demanded, holding up her own crooked claw of a hand to demonstrate, clutching the air, pumping it with her fist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah held up her severed wrist. That nub was bare to the elements, a web of crusty scabs, and in between were coin-sized splotches of fresh pink skin. It was already almost healed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Squeeze the hand ,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said again as she rubbed Mandri\u8217\'92s chest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah squeezed, and his ribcage thumped. He gasped in shock, rattled through a cough, and when Moteah squeezed again another thump bumped up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Harder,\u8221\'94 Elrahet growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah squeezed with all her might. It seemed she would faint from the effort. With her final attempt, Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lungs heaved, and}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  No one else was moved by this sudden desecration. There was some worry in Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s squint, though it seemed to Mandri that she was only upset because Ayram hadn\u8217\'92t deferred the honor to her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her pack was so large that it had its own momentum. She had to move slowly and build up speed until the pack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forward motion began to sustain itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}