{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need better term than twinned god}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Janus-faced/ binary/ interloper/switcher/substitute/change/ dipoled/ bipoled/ bi-light/ di-light/ twice-kissed/ doubled-sided/ two edged/ dual-purpose/ bifold/ double-headed/ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sol - Sohwl - Sohen - Sun}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mun - Mohnur - Monu  - Moon}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew I was a child of Moon when I would sleep during the day. My natural cycle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Sol / Mun - personified - words \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Sun/Moon\u8217\'92 stem from orthodox Drekk belief that Sun - lord of day - moon - lord of night.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sohn and Mohnu co-exist in the same form. Only one is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91active\u8217\'92 at a time. They are immortal, but can die. Upon death, the active deity switches from light - dark and vice-versa. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Battle of Light against Dark is the eternal conflict. Sun, when active, will try to set up earthly structures to thwart the the doings of Moon, should the day come when Sun is killed and Moon takes over. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the people, which one is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91good\u8217\'92 is dependent upon which one you believe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Humans are incapable of determining right course of action in this context - Invincible ignorance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iram has been an acolyte of both for eons. Grew tired of the grind and just trapped them under a continental shelf.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd Oro sees what is going on under the hood however, and decides that, for the betterment of humanity, the light/dark/ dichotomy must be destroyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93YOU can\u8217\'92t kill me! Sooner destroy the sun. I sustain life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Under the hood:  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nohuk was first - wandered the world in solitude. Came to understand that his body was a trap of the divine essence. After an eon of wandering and investigation, he discovered the material world was the product of a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91rusting\u8217\'92 process of the divine spark. So, he spent all his days trying to seal the gap that allowed the divine to materialize and corrupt, and once he thought his job was completed, he decided to end his own life in an attempt to return to the spark. So, he slit his wrist and bled into the shandra river, which is now the home to the helamites. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But instead of decaying, his body was moments later assumed by Lohuk. Lohuk, having no knowledge of Nohuk, only the imitible footprints in the mud next to him, spent another eon searching for a companion. Lohuk was stunned by the natural beauty of the world, and had an internal compulsion to share the experience. His body had a natural attunement to the demiurge, which Nohuk cultivated, and so he created for himself a wife, shelati - a pure vessel for the divine spark. From them came children. From them came the human race. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Lohuk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s family was not, like himself, immortal. Over time it splintered into tribes. Lohuk could not keep them together. Lohuk could not be defeated in battle - instead, he was assassinated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Nohuk rose with the body. At first confusion at being put back, and then at seeing so many creatures around him that were in his image. Seeing a statue of himself, he quickly reasoned what was happening, that he had not been in control of his own body.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 imbibing the host essence, he killed himself to release the spark.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri to other:  Word for Light comes from Lohuk. Word for night comes from Nohuk. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that could just be because Lohuk was present more recently than Nohuk.\u8221\'94}}