{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man walking in front of Mandri, the one carrying the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91unconscious\u8217\'92 Mazyd Oro, his name was Hill. The man walking behind Mandri, the one with the torch, his name was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and according to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , these were the only two things that Mandri needed to know. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bother with \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91what is going on\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91I can\u8217\'92t see where I\u8217\'92m going\u8217\'92, no, the only thing that mattered was that Hill was in front and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was behind and that was the way things were going to be - and also, stop talking. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make a peep. On that point }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was especially clear. Even \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93breathing too loud\u8221\'94 was sufficient cause for a whack on the back of the head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sound carried in that pitch-black tunnel,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  so the going was hard for Mandri. A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ll the while he was stifling groans because his once-dead-legs were as stiff as rods. They were so sore that it felt like if he bent them}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  half a nick }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 then his thighs would rupture.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Instead of striding through the dark like Bib wanted him to, he }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 swayed through }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 it}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  on sensitive feet, doing what he could to avoid the trash that littered the floor. This was hard to do because the tunnel was a dumping ground. Not a place for unshod feet.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were picked-clean bones of small animals, splintered balkanut shells the size of skulls, curved clay shards of shattered jars, and all manner of organic waste, the worst of which was the cold and gooey lump of something }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 brown }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that welled up in between Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s toes when he stepped in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri hoped the stuff wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t what he thought it was. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Best not to think about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Easy not to think about it, considering there was a godsdamned Mazydai right in front of him. A Mazydai, a being of storied power, yet there he was all cut-up and shoulder-slung like a sty-pig at a wet market.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who could have managed that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri knew it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been these two Jandri men who were}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  ushering}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  him through the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 tunnel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Hill and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  were as typical as sandland folk come}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , thin and irritable. Hungry looking.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The only remarkable things about them were their deficiencies}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ;}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Hill was short, and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was an ass. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing special.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri snuck a look behind at Bib. Bib had his pinky finger stuck halfway up his own nose, digging for gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get going!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 h}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 e}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 se two didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t subdue Mazyd Oro an}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 d neither did they }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 br}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri back from the dead}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 had}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  been brought back from the dead, Mandri was certain of that now. This couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be the Underworld because the Underworld}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s keepers should be terrifying, not dumb and annoying. Then again, now that he was having his heels clipped by Bib\u8217\'92s impatient toes every other step, he wasn\u8217\'92t sure which would be worse - an eternity of this or an eternity of torture. Having his flesh be torn from his bones would be infinitely worse, but Mandri never liked to let get in the way of a good pout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outside of the fact that an objective universe exists independent of his own mind, the only thing Mandri was completely sure of was that these two people had a leader, and that this leader had the strength to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bring low a Mazydai and}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  conquer even}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  conquer death}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whoever that person was, it was a man worth meeting. So Mandri steeled himself against the pain in his legs, rubbed his foot in the dirt to wipe the shit off it, and then did his best to keep up with Hill who was finding his way through the dark like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d placed each shattered pot and loaf of poop himself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the going got smoother and}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the tunnel got wider and it looked less like a pigsty and more like a  . Then}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  this dark passage emptied out into a bigger one, where the ceiling was twice Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s height. At the end of this larger tunnel, some fifty meters away, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the tunnel gave way to the}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  blinding}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  light of day}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were so accustomed to the dark that one quick glance at this spot of sunlight was enough to imprint a white circle into his retina, so that no matter where he looked, there it was, a white blot obscuring everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stopped in his tracks out of instinct and tried to blink out the blindness. This sudden st}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 op }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 caused }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bump into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and for }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , that was unacceptable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whore\u8217\'92s breath, boy! You\u8217\'92re a pokey ole tacko, ain\u8217\'92t ya?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  gave Mandri a hard shove that sent}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sprawling}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  right into Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs, sending them both tumbling to the ground. Mazyd Oro, who\u8217\'92d been content to ride Hill\u8217\'92s shoulder, had his unconscious ruse upset by the sudden lurch. He yelped and went tumbling along with the others, splaying his elbows out to brace his fall, careful to keep his bandages out of the dirt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill waddled back to his feet and then turned towards Bib and said in the most matter-of-fact tone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bib, you are a got-damned idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib brandished the torch towards him in a state of alarm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill! He\u8217\'92s awake! The Mazyd\u8217\'92s awake!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill looked down and there at his feet was Mandri grimacing, clutching his wrist against his stomach as he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d jammed it against an up-jut of rock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd Oro wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill spun around towards the entrance, expecting to see, but no one was there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he heard a thud from behind and Bib give a yelp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Hill spun back around he caught a glimpse of a naked, pale figure sprinting into the black depths of the cave with exceptional agility, leaping from rock to rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw, Shit!\u8221\'94 Hill exclaimed. \u8220\'93Shit! Shit! Shit!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill drew a short sword that was hidden under his cloak and his took off into the darkness after Oro, shouting orders to Bib as he went. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay here and go get Ayram!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stood and stared in disbelief into the darkness. When his wits returned to him, he turned around and took off towards the cave exit. He got halfway when his wits fully returned to him. He sprinted back towards Mandri and ordered him to get up in a tone that was as serious as it was urgent, but Mandri did not move.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , get up}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Piss off!\u8221\'94 Mandri retorted through clenched teeth.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib let out a little roar of frustration, then reached down and grabbed Mandri by the collar and lifted him up.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, still half-blind and stumbling, tried to shrug off Bib\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said piss off}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 !}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib swung the torch round to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face so close that it nearly singed his eyebrows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say one more word and I\u8217\'92ll shove this thing down your throat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri let himself be pulled, half blind and stumbling, out into the sun. When they got there, Bib let go and Mandri collapsed and let the warmth wash over him. The orange sand swallowing his knees was hot but comfortably so, like .  He dug his hands into it. Mandri wanted to dive into it like a horse-backed lizard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked up and squinted at the blob of shadow out in front of him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a moment of trying to parse the blob of light and shadow in front of him, Mandri realized that he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite out of the cave yet, for the tunnel \u8216\'91exit\u8217\'92 was more of an entrance into the bottom of a fat cylindrical pit. All around there were walls of sheer vertical limestone rising up a good thirty feet to encircle a pit of orange sand. The sun\u8217\'92s light angled down the sides of this colossal white limestone bucket, leaving half the pit in cold shadow, and half in a dusty, radiant glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib was shielding his eyes, looking for someone hidden in the cool shadows of the other side of the pit. Mandri saw a few dark and lumpy shapes against the limestone and assumed they were people, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite make them out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib shouted for his leader.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the shadows spoke up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where in the hell is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s in the cloister with Elrahet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib dashed back into the darkness of the tunnel, leaving Mandri in the sun alone, spotlighted against the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri squinted into the shadow of the pit and was struck dumb by the glare of strangers descending upon him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A thick Zosan woman stepped into the light. She was dressed much the same as Bib and Hill, with a blah blah blah. There was something regal about her bearing. She looked Mandri up and down with a disapproving stare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must be the dead boy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The man who pulled you in here, I don\u8217\'92t suppose you know why he needed to know where Ayram was?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I uh\u8230\'85 the Mazydai, he\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He paused because he was unsure}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman encouraged him to continue with a twirl of her hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazydai got loose back there in the cave, and uh - \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words were hardly out of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth when the woman sighed and shook her head. Three figures leapt up out of the shadows and sprinted across the sand. The brushed past Mandri in an instant and in the next, the were swallowed up by the tunnel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman held her arms up before anyone else could follow. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s alright! It\u8217\'92s alright. No one else needs to go. You\u8217\'92ll just get in the way. The Mazyd has nowhere to go. Ayram will deal with it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She spun back round to face Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You, on the otherhand, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 we }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 have to deal with.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is like, fuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On the off chance you that aren\u8217\'92t a living curse, I\u8217\'92d like to extend you the courtesy of welcome. In return, you\u8217\'92ll have to forgive anyone who doesn\u8217\'92t receive you with warmth, seeing as the discovery of your body heralded the worst few days that we Ayramun can remember.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I take it Bib didn\u8217\'92t get you any clothes? He was supposed to fit you up with more appropriate attire.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shook his head, and then added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I allowed to talk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman smiled, her dark lips splitting to reveal a bead of pearly whites. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unless Ayram\u8217\'92s around, don\u8217\'92t worry about it. Come on, let\u8217\'92s get you sorted out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She motioned for Mandri to follow, and so he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Moteah, by the way. Over there, those are the lizard boys. That there is Purl.   Noon. Fros. Sob. And this, is Renny.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twenty-five of Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s band were in attendance. They were a motley crew of every race and color, and they congregated on the shadowed side of the pit across from where }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  stood. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a living space, and so there weren\u8217\'92t many furnishings - just a few logs and makeshift chairs to sit on, as well as a few crude tents set up on the sunny-side of the pit. There wasn\u8217\'92t anything that couldn\u8217\'92t be packed away at a moment's notice. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  spied a few others high up on the rim. They were supposed to be lookouts, but they were eager to be down with the others, eager to be part of the buzz of excitement that filled the pit. This excitement was contagious. It worked its way into }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  when he, Oro, Moteah and Sandie made their way out into the sunlight. }
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of the Ayramun were mostly huddled together in little groups. None of them were drinking. Those that weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sleeping were whispering about things }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear, sometimes in languages he had never heard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the other side of the pit cave sat}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a burly man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 smoking a sash of freeweed. As }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  stepped closer he realized this man wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t thick-set, he was just hunchbacked and his head seemed impacted down on his shoulders. At a distance it gave the impression of a strong upper body. Like the rest of the Ayramun, Renny\u8217\'92s sun-leathered skin had gone red from years of lathering it with protective kell-oil, and his greasy hair was sunbleached like a Jandrian child\u8217\'92s. All the Ayramun were blended together by years of kell-oil and sun; pale Carcinians, dark Zozans, native Jandrians, at a glance the Ayramun could be mistaken for a blood tribe. If it weren\u8217\'92t for the more glaring physical deformities it would be hard to tell them apart. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah stopped right next to this man, shook her head, and pointed at him with an accusatory finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you give that Seilsi a blanket?\u8221\'94 she asked. The hunchback nodded and said, \u8220\'93I did. I wanted the bastard to freeze but Sob was sick of the whimpering. Made me gave him a full set of wools, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unbelievable,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. You\u8217\'92d think Sob would want to make the bastard uncomfortable. Sob should want it more than anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah then nodded towards }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Renny, do you know who that is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renny\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the new guy,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His name is }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Moteah corrected. \u8220\'93And is there anything wrong with him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renny paused is piping and gave }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a good once-over. As his eyes went up and down, his leathered face slowly scrunched up, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d smelled something bad. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a bit }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ruddy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t he? It\u8217\'92s not nice pointing out flaws though, is it?\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah gave Renny a quick smack on the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s nearly naked,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You were supposed to get him some clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Sob\u8217\'92s fault,\u8221\'94 Renny whined. \u8220\'93I tried to get Papi\u8217\'92s clothes from Sob, but he wouldn\u8217\'92t give them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He wouldn\u8217\'92t give them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Renny pointed over his shoulder with his thumb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sob is right over there. Ask him yourself.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s no excuse. You were supposed to get the clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t deal with Sob. Man\u8217\'92s an idiot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right over there,\u8221\'94 Renny repeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It seemed to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that Moteah was seriously considering giving Renny another smack. The way that Renny was trying his hardest to flaunt a lack of concern, by smoking his weed, pretending to savor it with a easy sigh, pretending to let Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s glare run off his hunched shoulders, it was as good as challenge. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But with the grace of a woman whose learned long ago to pick her battles, Moteah turned on her heel and headed off to where Sob was sleeping. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob was a gangly man, and he was stretched out against the cave wall. He was sleeping in such a way, face down, that it seemed like he was trying bury himself into the crack between the ground and the foot of the rock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah pointed at him with an upset finger. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is Sob,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob stirred when he heard his name, but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard the the irritation in Moteah\u8217\'92s voice too so he just grunted and didn\u8217\'92t move further.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Moteah jabbed Sob in the ribs with her foot, and Sob rolled over to sneer. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shock of Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face nearly knocked }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  over, for Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bony features were twisted around his head to the right, as if something had knocked his face that way as a child and it just kept growing in that direction. It was so askew that his right eye and his nose were almost even with his right ear. His left eye and mouth were more or less where they were supposed to be, so his whole face was stretched in two directions. He could look at two things at once. When Sob glared at Moteah, he other eye was glaring at }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , too. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was unmoved. She gave Sob another kick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a damned idiot,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come off it,\u8221\'94 Sob moaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gave the Seilsi a blanket, clothes, but you left }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in rags?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob shrugged and made to go back to sleep, so Moteah gave him another kick. This one was a little harder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey!\u8221\'94 Sob shouted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got shit for brains,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That Seilsi wouldn\u8217\'92t stop whimpering \u8216\'91til I propped him a cover,\u8221\'94 Sob protested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ? Should he have to whimper to get your attention?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Moteah then pointed to Sob\u8217\'92s pillow. It was a bundle of clothes that had been rolled up with twine. \u8220\'93Are those Papi\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob patted the bundle with care. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I needed a pillow,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Besides, this old boy, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is he? He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no Ayramun. Not yet. Let him freeze.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah tried to kick Sob again, but Sob recoiled before the blow could land. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright! Alright!\u8221\'94 he shouted. \u8220\'93Put your damned pointy foot away. I\u8217\'92ll get him out o\u8217\'92 those tatters.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the many unfortunate things about Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twisted face was that it gave him the sense of being two-faced, because even when he put on a genuine smile, the right half of his face didn\u8217\'92t seem to agree with it. Nonetheless, he made an effort, and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was present enough to take it for what it was, even though it made the hairs on his arm stand on end. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on, then,\u8221\'94 Sob said, tossing the wrapped bundle of clothes at }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. \u8220\'93But you need be remembering whose clothes those really belong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  said. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re Papi\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Sob scowled. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re Ayrams.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  repeated in astonishment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t fit into his clothes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not Ayram\u8217\'92s, Ayram\u8217\'92s,\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91ere. Clothes on me back. Even your tatters. Moteah\u8217\'92s shoes. The food in yorn belly. It\u8217\'92s all loaned out, if ye like. We\u8217\'92re the Ayramun. Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s. Never yours. But go on. Pick summat out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  picked up the bundle. He pulled at the plaited hemp string and unrolled the clothes onto the ground. He picked out a few items that looked comfortable. There was a thick white linen tunic that was crumpled with salt and sweat, some brown leather pants with a black stripe sewn vertically down the sides, and a pair of rawhide sandals that, when he put them on, seemed cut perfectly to size. It was all in good shape, but the shirt had a blood stain around the collar and the the sleeves were singed near the wrists. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t complain though. He was just thankful to have some comfort from the chill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he had finally put it all on, Sob looked him up and down with a keen interest and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those be Papi\u8217\'92s things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said they were Ayram\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s. Papi was wearin\u8217\'92 them, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is Papi?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His name was Papillian,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lad\u8217\'92s dead,\u8221\'94 he said. He pointed to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shirt and his lips spread into another warped smile. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s three days old blood, that is. He was wearin them clothes when he died, he was. Bit rude to be wearin\u8217\'92 them clothes so soon, innit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  looked down at the burn marks on his sleeves. He wondered if this was some kind of joke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose you\u8217\'92ve got anything else I could wear?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing wrong with those,\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t want a run of Papi\u8217\'92s luck, I take it?\u8221\'94 Sob asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He won\u8217\'92t have to worry about that,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s got Hill\u8217\'92s cloak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does he now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah smirked and affirmed it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s got Hill\u8217\'92s lucky cloak. In fact it\u8217\'92s already saved him once.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill\u8217\'92s lucky cloak, has he? Well\u8230\'85 How\u8217\'92d you get it off him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  spread the cloak out behind him with a flourish. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hill gave it to me,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t know it was a lucky cloak, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He simply gave it? Lucky you. But not so lucky now with Papi\u8217\'92s things, I think. Probably the clothes all cancel it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a good luck cloak there but bad luck everything else. Bad luck \u8216\'91cause, well, Papi was wearin\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91em, weren\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, the luck all cancels out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aye. But you can\u8217\'92t have no luck at all. No luck is just bad luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sob knows all about luck. Don\u8217\'92t you Sob,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right I do. Here - what\u8217\'92s your name again?\u8221\'94 Sob asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob took a round pouch the size of a fist from his things and loosed the string to reveal an assortment of rocks and pebbles rolling about inside. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , take one o\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 me rocks. As token of apology. These rocks have been tested. They\u8217\'92re only small measures of luck, sure, but they should do the trick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re lucky rocks?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  asked as he eyed the stones with an eyebrow raised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 Sob said with a sneer. The fact that }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was expressing doubt seemed offensive to him, and so Sob drew out his frustration with a sneer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I say they\u8217\'92ve been tested, they\u8217\'92ve been tested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tested how?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob threw up his hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you test anythin\u8217\'92? You pick it up, try to do somethin\u8217\'92 with it, then see what happens. If it works, good chance the thing is lucky. If it works ten times over, then its been tested, ain\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You keep the real unlucky rocks, too,\u8221\'94 Sob continued. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not as good as a curse pot, but if someone gets to pesterin\u8217\'92 you, and you think they need a spot of bad-luck, slip a bad-luck pebble into their pocket. They\u8217\'92re good for that. Little stones of retribution. I keep mine separate.\u8221\'94 Sob then took another pouch from out of his things, and opened it to reveal another bunch of rocks. Each of these had a white \u8216\'91X\u8217\'92 carved into them. Sob picked one of them up and smiled at Moteah while he thumbed it\u8217\'92s grooves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ever seen one of these, Moteah?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , eager to cut through the hostility that was shaping up between the two, decided to distract the hostilities with a question. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to put much effort into pretending to care about the answer, because this was a tactic he\u8217\'92d learned from his mother while even in the womb. \u8220\'93The thing I don\u8217\'92t understand is, how does it all work?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Sob asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How does luck move from a thing to a person? Does luck rub off like dust, or is it some kind of \u8216\'91aura\u8217\'92 which accounts for all the things on a person, or what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t get him started,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, but }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question had hooked Sob with ease. The poor man jumped right into his theory of luck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a bit strange, isn\u8217\'92t it,\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93You could certainly think of it like luck rubbing off. But I suppose more like a flow of energy. But there\u8217\'92s mechanics to it. There\u8217\'92s little quirks you got to learn by experience. You may wonder why I was restin\u8217\'92 my head on Papi\u8217\'92s clothes, considerin\u8217\'92 they\u8217\'92re unlucky. See, when your sleepin\u8217\'92, unlucky things will drain the un-luck out of ye, and good luck things will drain the good luck out of you. But that\u8217\'92s only when you\u8217\'92re sleepin\u8217\'92. \u8216\'91Cause when we\u8217\'92re sleeping we become inanimate things, subject to natural forces. Otherwise, when we\u8217\'92re awake and moving about and decidin\u8217\'92 things, it\u8217\'92s the normal mechanics of luck. But like I say, there\u8217\'92s quirks to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are the normal mechanics of luck?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know - luck. You know how luck works.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85 A fella as old as you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s putting you on, Sob,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Nobody cares about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  lied. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to know how luck works. I mean my life\u8217\'92s been shit, and maybe that\u8217\'92s because I\u8217\'92ve not been paying attention to this kind of thing. If there\u8217\'92s mechanics to luck, it\u8217\'92s worth hearing about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was stunned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at him,\u8221\'94 she said, pointing to Sob. \u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s possible to know how luck works, you think he knows about it? Sob\u8217\'92s the unluckiest bastard I\u8217\'92ve ever met. Look at his face. Oh, he doesn\u8217\'92t mind. He knows he\u8217\'92s ugly as hell. But even without that, it\u8217\'92s not like he\u8217\'92s in a better way than any of us. He\u8217\'92s Ayramun, and by any law of Nature, he should be dead, just like the rest of us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was a little stunned by Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bluntness, but Sob wasn\u8217\'92t. Neither was he offended. His face was alight with relish, his smile was the wry smile of a man whose combantant had just set him up with the perfect stage to make a point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s just the thing!\u8221\'94 he said, left eye wide with excitement. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the lucky ones that don\u8217\'92t know a thing about luck because they don\u8217\'92t need to! They putter around, never steppin\u8217\'92 in any holes, and so they think that holes don\u8217\'92t exist! Never trust a lucky man\u8217\'92s view of things. But someone like me, I\u8217\'92ve stepped in all the holes, I know my way around them by now. I\u8217\'92ve got Luck mapped as well as anybody whose ever lived.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no real thing as luck,\u8221\'94 Moteah countered. \u8220\'93And if there is, you certainly don\u8217\'92t know about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob turned to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to plead his case. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , if I shoot an arrow at you, what says whether or not it kills you?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah interjected. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck has nothing to do with it. It\u8217\'92s skill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s luck!\u8221\'94 Sob retorted. \u8220\'93Skill says whether or not you hit the target. Aim at the neck, and if you\u8217\'92re skilled, you hit the neck. Luck says whether it hits a vein or the muscle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah groaned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one walks away from a shot in the neck,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you call this, then?\u8221\'94 Sob replied. He pulled at his collar to reveal a long white scar that wrapped round the left side of his neck. \u8220\'93Arrow that did this was shot from just twenty paces. Right through me neck. Was a shot by some merc from the Isle of Screte, no less; as skilled as any Aryamun with a bow. But his arrow as unlucky. The count of the luck between the the wood, the feathers, the glue, the string, the arrowhead, it wasn\u8217\'92t enough to beat me. And half my luck is these stones. I\u8217\'92d wager more than money that my stones is what saved me. Like you say, my natural luck is shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright then,\u8221\'94 Moteah said. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s make a bet. Let me \u8216\'91test\u8217\'92 one of your \u8216\'91lucky stones\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know I don\u8217\'92t bet. Not morally right for me to be takin\u8217\'92 advantage of others in matters of luck. But enough talk,\u8221\'94 Sob said, eager to move on before Moteah could press the issue. \u8220\'93Go on, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , take one o\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 me stones and see for yourself.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually I was thinking that I want to get some experience myself.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  said.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like you say, learn the quirks. I think I\u8217\'92ll just pick up a stone off the ground, then test it, like you say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face lit up. At least, the left side of it did. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good! That\u8217\'92s the spirit!\u8221\'94 Between his exlamations, Sob\u8217\'92s nose wiggled and WRM.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  stepped over to the cave wall and pulled a little black shard of rock from it. He chose that particular piece because it stood out from the red sandstone. He thought it was a piece of jet, but it was quite rough to the touch, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t catch the light the same way, and it was shaped like a short, fat, carrot, fitting quite comfortably in his palm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Odd choice.\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93I go for smaller, rounder stones. Easier to accumulate. But before you get to testin\u8217\'92, you need to be makin\u8217\'92 sure your luck is balanced out as best can be. How\u8217\'92s your natural luck? Naked as you came, how unlucky are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d say I\u8217\'92m pretty unlucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could be cursed. Are you cursed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How would I know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You best be finding out, no? But Hill\u8217\'92s cloak is strong, I\u8217\'92ve seen it in action. It should keep you nice and balanced. Keep in mind, though, it takes time to get a feel fer these kind o\u8217\'92 things. You shouldn\u8217\'92t be expectin\u8217\'92 quick results.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  stuffed his new stone into his pocket. Then he pointed at Sob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pouch of rocks. \u8220\'93What if Ayram wanted those?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob cocked his ear. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, they\u8217\'92re not your rocks, right? They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s. You said everything was Ayram\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that everything was Ayram\u8217\'92s,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  repeated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 You said that everything is \u8216\'91loaned out\u8217\'92. That includes your lucky rocks, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob glared at }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now why would you want to know about that?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just wondering. You said that -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now hold on. I want to know what you\u8217\'92re on my lucky rocks fer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just wondering if -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be out here wonderin\u8217\'92,\u8221\'94 Sob said, cutting }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  short. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wonderin\u8217\'92 about other people and what they\u8217\'92ve got will get you into trouble. So you just worry bout your rocks and I\u8217\'92ll worry bout mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I warned you not to get him started,\u8221\'94 Moteah muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get me started?\u8221\'94 Sob said in mock offense. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not started. I\u8217\'92m just tryin to keep the man focused on what\u8217\'92s he needs to be focused on, his own damned luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, alright,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  said, trying to calm Sob down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What should I do then. How should I test my new rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  thought for a moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to get up and out of this cave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how it works,\u8221\'94 Sob said. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t wish-upon-a-stone. You\u8217\'92ve got to use the stone to do somethin\u8217\'92 like -\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All chatter ceased and all eyes turned to them. None seemed to care much for }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , as Oro\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pale and bloody pulp captivated the crowd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of their number stood up, and like the shadow of a tree he towered over the others. towering a good three feet over }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bib}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , was the tallest man that Mandri had ever seen, a beard-bushed man, a brow beaten man, a man of a man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He let loose a shrill whistle for attention. Everyone else promptly sat down. The giant then began walke to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and his company, out of the shadow and into the light, and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  saw that it was Ayram. Who else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  looked at Oro who stood transfixed in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze. He wondered.Then there came a tugging at }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shirt. It was Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was beckoning }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to follow and whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  trailed him around the edge of the pit to join the others in the pit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow. Ayram began to speak just as he sat down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before we decide what to do with this prisoner -\u8221\'94 Ayram slapped Oro on the back. The action nearly buckled Oro\u8217\'92s knees. He looked like a child next to Ayram. Everyone does. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before we decide what to do about him, we need to address Papi and Colm. It\u8217\'92s come to my attention that some of you are blaming Elrahet for their deaths.\u8221\'94 Ayram had his arm extended out, and his piercing blue eyes were scanning the crowd, as if to accuse them all, even the ones who dared listened to the gossip. \u8220\'93That stops now.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He let the finality of his words echo around the pit. Whatever ill-will his people bore towards his witch, it was now gone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In case you aren\u8217\'92t aware,\u8221\'94 he continued, \u8220\'93this man here is a Oroei!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He shoved Oro forward and down to the ground. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A chorus of whispered mutterings broke out in the crowd. Not all had descended from the Empire or the Solean religion, but they had all by now heard the rumors about their prisoner, and this startling confirmation settled on them like a wet blanket. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was especially moved to see a Oroei brought so low.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For those of you who don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, \u8220\'93this slight excuse for a man is one of the Empire\u8217\'92s most lauded generals and one of its most coveted weapons. He could have killed us all in heartbeat if Elrahet\u8217\'92s storm hadn\u8217\'92t raged.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet!\u8221\'94 cheered one of the crowd, and the rest clapped in approval.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should also thank Pella for her quick decision to take this scoundrel\u8217\'92s hands.\u8221\'94 Even as Ayram said it, the cheers and plaudits grew loud for Pella. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  followed Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze and saw an old woman soaking it. She was smiling and waving as if all the others were her children.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Many more than just Papi and Colm would have died if it weren\u8217\'92t for that bolt of fire from the sky,\u8221\'94 Ayram declared. \u8220\'93If my command is not enough, and any of you still have something to settle about Papi and Colm, then it's me you need to see. There\u8217\'92s no room in this life for bitch talk and rabble rousers. You have a problem, come see me.\u8221\'94 He slapped his great chest with his fist, daring them to actually do it. \u8220\'93 I\u8217\'92ll be fair for as long as you are honest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 he said, turning to the crumpled form of Oro. He reached down with one hand, grabbed him by the neck, and pulled him up to his feet. \u8220\'93What are you doing in my desert?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro stood there, his face drawn tight in pain, and did not answer. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speak, man!\u8221\'94 Ayram shouted. \u8220\'93Is the Empire so scared of my family that they\u8217\'92d send you to root us out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro looked up at Ayram and said in the most matter of fact tone imaginable, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t even know who you are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Ayram grinned beneath his beard and a wild look came into his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, I can tell when someone is lying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All I know is that your name is Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And your what is your name, sir?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oro Uro.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pella! Is this the one who burned your family alive?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella shouted her answer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No! I\u8217\'92ve not heard that name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oro Uro\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ayram repeated. \u8220\'93You were sent to hunt us, yes? A devious Imperial trap, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you not stopped to consider,\u8221\'94 Oro said with frustration, \u8220\'93That you were the trap for me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aye, but I don\u8217\'92t think anyone would reasonably expect that such a small band of simple thieves could overcome a Oroei mage. No one would send a wolf like you into a den of foxes and expect it to lose. Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yet here I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here you are indeed. But why? This won\u8217\'92t be over until I get an answer. I can get Elrahet involved if you like. A little blood magic will tease it out of you. You\u8217\'92ve got enough of it left, no?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro looked out at the faces of the crowd. He found }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s and smiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was looking for your hovel in the mountains,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have no such place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Jandrian tribes. The place they\u8217\'92ve all fled to. It's some ruin in the mountains.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Urgiz?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s what they call it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what do you care about that forsaken place?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time, Mayzed took Ayram eye to eye, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was tasked to deliver a sword to your king.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A stillness swept over the crowd. One of them stood and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He lies!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another stood and tried to shout him down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Oroei does not lie!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oro looked out at Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s followers to let them judge for themselves the earnest truth written on his face. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The light of the law is coming to you and your kin!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean the light of War!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Barbarians make war,\u8221\'94 Oro spat. \u8220\'93The Empire makes peace!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His words set the band of outlaws buzzing. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was pushed into the sand as others rushed over him, each shouting \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Murderer!\u8221\'94, and \u8220\'93Demon!\u8221\'94. Moteah was enraptured. He stood next to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s and shouted, \u8220\'93Genocidal Demon!\u8221\'94 so many times and with so much gusto that he nearly fainted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram himself was unmoved. He held out his hand, but when that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work he let loose another shrill whistle. The outlaws settled back down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We did find a sword,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93We found seventy-seven of them!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that there was a great cheer. Oro rolled his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But yes, we did find an unusual one, too. Pella, bring it here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old Pella got up, walked to Ayram, and pulled from her bundle of robes a wooden sword. It was immaculately carved and polished to a sheen. The base of its blade and its guard was inlaid with gold, and its half-shell pommel was trimmed with jade stars. Burned into its comically dull edge were words in old Carcinain. They read, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This blade will do as well as any other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The message was clear: when the Empire comes knocking, you might as well defend yourself with a stick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The sight of the sword quieted what was left of the grumbling crowd. A few wept. They were outlaws and they killed, but what the Empire had done to them and their kind was another thing entirely. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This man thought he could stroll right into Urgiz and present this sword to Lindrimuud. He was so sure of his power that he thought he could stroll right out again! Look at him now. Well, I shall not be the one to stand in your way, Oro Uro. This sword belongs to Lindrimuud, and since the Emporer sent you to give it to him, then damn it, you\u8217\'92ll give it to him. But -\u8221\'94 he brought his face close to Oro\u8217\'92s, \u8220\'93- you\u8217\'92ll not be walking out like you planned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry. I\u8217\'92m sorry. There is a subtlety to emotional expression that I haven\u8217\'92t quite mastered. Sometimes an emotion morphs and changes and it seems like you humans are figuring out how you feel about things as you go along. My mind does not work like that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not so interested in how you fixed me. I know how to do that. Its trivial. What I\u8217\'92m interested in is, how you brought Chit back from the dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chit? Who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Chit? Is your name Chit?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Mandrameen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looks like a Chit, though, doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t he.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You all may know me as a governnor of the river cities. General in times of conflict. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve seen you burn Viallges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t blame me for that! Because we are governors, yes, generals, yes, but mostly we are slaves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you are looking for sympathy among the aryamun, perhaps you should keep in mind that not two days ago, you disintigrated thirty of our number.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forgive me. The subtlety ofhuman expression is a difficult}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Relax. This is your deal. You are in control. There are just some questions that I would really, really like to know the answers to. I will cooperate fully if you tell me. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You dont have a choice to cooperate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve mistaken me for a creature that fears for its life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How did you explode that corpse in such a way as to split rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it, elrahet did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How did you bring mandrameen back to life?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it, Elrahed did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet. Elrahet. I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ask who did it, I asked how.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even if I told you, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92ll ask more questions of clarification, after which ill have to have told the history of the universe until it came to be. No, for now, you\u8217\'92ll settle with Elrahet did it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}