{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt around for something to poke Obo with. His searching fingers settled on an empty waterskin. He threw it at Obo, and the limp waterskin flapped harmlessly into the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re there,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He waited, but no response came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri dug around in the pile for something else to throw. He was so tickled by all the little outland trinkets, stone beads and thumbstick idols of gods he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know, that he almost didn\u8217\'92t register the dull, snapping crack of bone as Obo\u8217\'92s black rags twitched then went silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You okay?\u8221\'94 he asked the rags, but again, there was no answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri pulled a tight ball of twine out of the pile. He tossed it underhand, and when it landed on that pile of rags they sighed. Another crack of bone sounded out, and the rags twitched again, but this time Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jerking loosed a strap of robe to reveal his pale shoulder. Mandri watched, half in terror, half in curiosity as Obo\u8217\'92s pale and hairless head emerged from that mass of tattered robes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo suddenly sat up, and his robes fell away to reveal a scrawny, bruised, and broken body. Mandri had seen awful sights, but watching this pale Mazid fix a dislocated rib was something else entirely. And judging by the sorry state of his robes, and the bloody abrasions splotching his shoulders, he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been carried through the desert like Mandri, he\u8217\'92d been dragged along its floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Despite all the abuse, Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood was ordinary. He stretched his arms and what was left of his legs as if he were a cat waking up from a nap. He even twisted around to draw out the kinks of his spine, and this stretch popped every one of his vertebrae in rapid succession, causing Mandri\u8217\'92s own spine to stiffen in sympathetic fright, a sudden jerk that unleashed a fresh wave of torture radiating out of his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo smiled like a beerbat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you smiling at?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m happy to have some company that doesn\u8217\'92t want to ruin me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo took up his robes in his mouth and scooted himself closer to the pile of the Ayramun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s packs, and as he leaned himself up against them, he caught Mandri staring at his stumped legs, which had been stuck into canvas sacks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo spat out his robe and covered himself up as if it were a blanket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should save that anxious look for yourself,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re wrong. They\u8217\'92re cruel. Look at what they\u8217\'92ve done to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 said Obo, wiggling his stumps under his rags. \u8220\'93I think that Ayram was right to do what he did, from his point of view.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was waiting for a sarcastic wink but it never came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He chopped off your legs,\u8221\'94 Mandri said bitterly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m thankful he showed such restraint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Still no wink.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A lil hatred won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get in the way of a good friend. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The purpose of friendship was to make life less miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s one way of putting it,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as reoriented his hip to soothe a pang of pain in his thigh. \u8220\'93Put another way,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That was such a sad way of stating loneliness, that Mandri actually felt a little bad for the Mazid. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks treat you like a slave, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d say we Mazydai are treated worse than slaves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  We can call it something else. Acquaintances is a word we could use.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t answer my original question.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. What was it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you hate me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, I never made a conscious decision about it. Maybe I do hate you. I don\u8217\'92t know. I will eventually. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you think that I\u8217\'92m a person that you can get to know, then you\u8217\'92re already the nicest person I\u8217\'92ve ever met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Obo, you\u8217\'92re laying it on way too thick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo tried to look confused, but without eyebrows he just looked constipated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that mean, \u8216\'91laying it on thick\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might be able to fool these outland pokes, but I\u8217\'92m a different breed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I still don\u8217\'92t know what you mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s see\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you obviously don\u8217\'92t feel pain. You don\u8217\'92t seem to feel anger, and I very much doubt you feel compassion. You said you want your freedom, and you had your legs chopped off to stop you from ever trying to run away. I\u8217\'92m not dumb, Obo, you\u8217\'92re not talking to me right now because you want a friend. What you want is a pair of legs to help you run away. You can\u8217\'92t exactly go running off into the Sand, but I can. And I\u8217\'92m your Minder\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who better for it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can run on that leg?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, no. But I\u8217\'92m not wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must be the most skeptical creature that ever breathed a thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are. I do feel compassion. You only suspect I don\u8217\'92t because I can guard my emotions. I can choose whether or not to express them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you were capable of compassion, I wouldn\u8217\'92t have seen a Mazid kill a hundred-score in a heartbeat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The massacre of Gudrk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gudrk was two hundred years ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw it in a painting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 said Obo, scoffing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But am I wrong? You say you never lie, so answer me that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong about what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That the only reason you\u8217\'92re talking to me is because you want to use me for whatever escape you\u8217\'92re scheming up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo paused to consider his words carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a simple yes or no,\u8221\'94 Mandri nudged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo tilted his head back and forth as if to weigh some heavy decision. He finally muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How should I say this...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By saying yes, or no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am talking to you because I wish to explore the potential of our relationship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no plans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  is a lie.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And why involve me? Why didn\u8217\'92t Ayram make himself Minder?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suspect he didn\u8217\'92t want to lose his hand. I also suspect he wants to outlive the year. Minders don\u8217\'92t live very long once they\u8217\'92re bonded.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t know? \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Know what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once bonded to a Mazid, a Minder\u8217\'92s life can be measured in\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The obvious answer is that he wants what every other outland man and woman wants, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s to destroy the Hrkan world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not possible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I agree, it isn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But Obo could hear things, and perhaps see things that nobody else could. Mandri tried to discern if the news was good or bad by studying Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face as she strained her eyes. She gave nothing away unless he wanted to. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw, damn,\u8221\'94 Seb finally said. \u8220\'93We will have to hold this discussion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo stuffed the hem of his tattered robe into his mouth and stump-shuffled back to the spot where he lay before. He plopped down flat and covered himself back up with his black tatters so that it looked like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never moved at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gave Mandi one last whisper, and the breath of his voice fluffed the folds covering his mouth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pretend that we never spoke.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I gathered that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right tell me this, what does Ayram want with me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He already told you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we aim to kill the Amalgamete.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I very much doubt there is some unheard of demon beast roaming the Sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He ain\u8217\'92t roamin\u8217\'92 like that. He\u8217\'92s hidin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever it\u8217\'92s doing, if a Mazid can kill it then Hrk could deal with the problem as easily you people. Ayram\u8217\'92s quest, as stated, is unnecessary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrks don\u8217\'92t know shit. They\u8217\'92d be too late to stop it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you ever seen this Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention shifted towards Minting Rock. Mandri followed her alarmed gaze, and saw nothing, only the rock itself. Then there came a loud, finger-mouth whistle, bright as a bright-beak\u8217\'92s call. A heartbeat later, and}}