{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue128;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clementine_literature"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clementine_literature}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hegelianism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hegelian}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~philosopher and theologian\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ferdinand_Christian_Baur"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ferdinand Christian Baur}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the founder of the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/T%C3%BCbingen_School"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u252\'FCbingen School}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~of New Testament\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Higher_criticism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Higher criticism}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , based some of his theories about the New Testament on the Clementines. In turn, his ideas about the Clementines were based on descriptions by St.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epiphanius_of_Salamis"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Epiphanius of Salamis}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(c. 310\endash 320 \endash  403), regarding the beliefs and writings of Christian\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ebionites"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ebionites}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~in the 4th century. This Judeo-Christian sect, which thought themselves to be the authentic remnant of the earliest disciples of Jesus, rejected St. Paul as both a false apostle of Christ and an apostate from\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torah-observant"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torah-observant}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Judaism. Ebionites asserted that their position also represented the Christianity of the Twelve Apostles. "Paulinism", asserting salvation by faith without works of the law, was thus regarded as a heresy. This Pauline gospel thus caused a schism from the authentic apostolic Jewish Christianity originally headed by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James,_brother_of_Jesus"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 James, brother of Jesus}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Peter"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Saint Peter}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Baur held that the Clementine references to the notorious Samaritan sorcerer\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simon_Magus"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Simon Magus}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(see\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://bible.oremus.org/?passage=Acts%208:9%E2%80%9324&version=nrsv"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Acts 8:9\endash 24}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) were actually covert polemics against Paul. In Baur's historical theory, Catholicism resulted from the eventual accommodation necessitated between the Petrine and Pauline factions of the Church, beginning in the late 2nd century. The tradition that Peter and Paul co-founded Rome's Church in the mid-1st-century and were martyred together, is regarded as a fiction. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Throughout the middle of the 19th century this theory, in many forms, was dominant in Germany. The demonstration, mainly by English scholars, of the impossibility of the late dates ascribed to the New Testament documents}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Citation_needed"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1\super citation needed}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super ]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(four Epistles of St. Paul and the Apocalypse were the only documents generally admitted as being of early date), and the proofs of the authenticity of the Apostolic Fathers and of the use of St. John's Gospel by Justin, Papias, and Ignatius gradually brought Baur's theories into discredit. Of the original school,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adolf_Hilgenfeld"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Adolf Hilgenfeld}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~may be considered the last survivor (died 1907). He was induced many years ago to admit that Simon Magus was a real personage, though he persists that in the Clementines he is meant for St. Paul. To\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 a priori}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~critics it counts as nothing that Simon holds no Pauline doctrine and that the author shows no signs of being a Jud\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u230\'E6o-Christian. In 1847 Hilgenfeld dated the original nucleus (Kerygmata Petrou) soon after the Jewish war of 70; successive revisions of it were anti-Basilidian, anti-Valentinian, and anti-Marcionite respectively. Baur placed the completed form,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 H}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , soon after the middle of the 2nd century, and Schliemann (1844) agreed, placing\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 R}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , as a revision, between 211 and 230. Other writers dated both\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 H}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 R}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to between the 2nd and 4th centuries: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josep_Rius-Camps"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Josep Rius-Camps{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 8]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~called the fragment Rec I, 27-74 'History of Salvation' (HS) and proposed its belonging to the B or Original Writing, quite ancient. Rius-Camps' study, however, does not grant to the first part of HS (Rec I, 27-42) the antiquity and independence that practically all researchers accept (although few agree on the limits of the ancient source). Most scholars}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clementine_literature#cite_note-9"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 9]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clementine_literature#cite_note-10"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 10]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clementine_literature#cite_note-11"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 11]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~date (Rec I, 27-74) it after\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hadrian"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hadrian}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~although a minority (Bardsley, Thomas, Cullmann)}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clementine_literature#cite_note-12"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 12]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clementine_literature#cite_note-13"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 13]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clementine_literature#cite_note-14"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 14]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~date it around the year 100 in the interwar period. Pedro Gim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9nez De Arag\u243\'F3n Sierra considers that must have been written between 96 and 116.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clementine_literature#cite_note-15"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 15]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Regarding the claim of HS is not to proclaim the end of the Torah, but to make the Jews see that they can remain Jews by renouncing the sacrifices}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clementine_literature#cite_note-16"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 a]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and admitting the messianic character of Jesus. With respect to the Gentiles, their goal was to reinterpret the Torah to make it more acceptable to the Gentiles. In the cross-cultural process of constructing the Roman identity, the Judeo-Christians of HS wanted to participate by Judaizing the Empire, for which they yielded a little in their Jewish beliefs, making them more lax. However, it would not be of special interest to the Christian gentiles because they had found other more adequate versions to engender that ideological syncretism between Greco-Roman paganism and Judaism that was the triumphant Christianity. Those other triumphant versions are those of Luke, Paul, Barnabas, Mark and many others who, without rejecting the Torah, the Prophets and the historical books (i.e. the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_Testament"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old Testament}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ), relativized them through the superiority of a series of scriptures that emerged precisely in the same interwar period in which HS was written (Gospels, Acts, epistles). Even if the ideology of HS was closer to the primitive ideology of the followers of Jesus, that did not make it more suitable than these other scriptures for the world that was being built.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clementine_literature#cite_note-17"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 16]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Our Lord and Prophet, who has sent us, declared to us that the Evil One, having disputed with him forty days, but failing to prevail against him, promised He would send Apostles from among his subjects to deceive them. Therefore, above all, remember to shun any Apostle, teacher, or prophet who does not accurately compare his teaching with [that of] James ... the brother of my Lord... and this, even if he comes to you with recommendations. Pseudoclementine Homilies 11.35 (Peter preaching at Tripoli) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Embarrassment of this kind was exacerbated by the fact that Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 brothers (\u8216\'91cousins\u8217\'92, as Jerome would later come to see them at the end of the fourth century) were the principal personages in Palestine and Jesus\u8217\'92 successors there, important in Eastern tradition generally. What exacerbated the problem of their relationship to Jesus even further in the second century was the theological assertion of Mary\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91perpetual virginity\u8217\'92 and with it the utter impossibility - nay, inconceivability - that she should have had other children. This even led Jerome\u8217\'92s younger contemporary, Augustine, in the fifth century, to the assertion reproduced in Muhammad\u8217\'92s Koran in the seventh, that Jesus didn\u8217\'92t have any father at all, only a mother! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To the ideologue, it was simply impossible that Jesus should have had a father or brothers, Gospel notices and references in Paul notwithstanding. Nor could Joseph have had any children by Mary. These had to have been by another wife. All such theological considerations will be set aside and all family designations treated naturally. If a person was said to have had a brother, then he was a natural brother, conceived by natural generation, not a half-brother, stepbrother, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91cousin\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91milk brother\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wealth of extra-biblical sources relating to James has already been noted. If we include with these those in the Book of Acts, where not adulterated or retrospectively overwritten with more orthodox historical or theological materials, and notices in the letters of Paul, then there is a considerable amount of material relating to James. James is also mentioned in the Gospels, but here the material is marred by doctrinal attempts either to defame the family and brothers of Jesus or to disqualify them in some manner. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The same can be said for Paul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s letters, which provide additional straightforward witness to \u8216\'91James the brother of the Lord\u8217\'92 and know no other James. The Historical James can also be reconstructed from the underlying circumstances to which remarks in these letters are directed. These, plus a myriad of extra-biblical materials, such as Josephus, apocryphal gospels, non-canonical acts including the \u8216\'91Pseudo-\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91False Clementines\u8217\'92, the Gnostic manuscripts from Nag Hammadi in Upper Egypt, and the mass of early Church literature all constitute sources about James. The documentation is that impressive. If we include in this mix of materials the Righteous Teacher found in the Dead Sea Scrolls, where the commonality of language, themes, and historical setting provide additional correspondences, then we are truly in a position of some strength with regard to James. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who would have known the character Jesus better? His closest living relatives, who according to tradition were his legitimate successors in Palestine, and those companions accompanying him in all his activities? Or someone who admits that he never saw Jesus in his lifetime, as Paul does, and that, on the contrary, he was an Enemy of and persecuted the early Christian community, and came to know him only through visionary experiences that allowed him to be in touch with a figure he designates as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Christ Jesus\u8217\'92 in Heaven? The answer of any reasonable observer to this question should be obvious: James and Jesus\u8217\'92 Palestinian companions. But the answer of all orthodox Church circles has always been that Paul\u8217\'92s understanding of Jesus was superior and that he knew him better than any of Jesus\u8217\'92 other Apostles or companions. Furthermore, it is claimed that the doctrines represented by James and the members of Jesus\u8217\'92 family generally were defective in their understanding of Paul\u8217\'92s Christ Jesus and inferior to boot. Given the fact that the Christianity we are heirs to is largely the legacy of Paul and like-minded persons, this is just what one would have expected and it should surprise no one. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is particularly evident in the picture of the Apostles in the Gospels as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91weak\u8217\'92 (Matt. 14:31 and pars.), a term Paul repeatedly uses in his letters, almost always with derogatory intent, when describing the leaders of the community, particularly in Jerusalem, and their directives (Rom. 14:1-2 and 1 Cor. 8:7-9:22). Occasionally he parodies this, applying the term to himself to gain sympathy, but generally he uses it to attack the leadership, in particular those keeping dietary regulations or relying on Mosaic Law - even those whom, as he puts it, \u8216\'91only eat vegetables\u8217\'92, like James. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the Gospels, reflecting Paul, when an Apostle as important as Peter \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sinks\u8217\'92 into the Sea of Galilee for lack of \u8216\'91Faith\u8217\'92 or denies Jesus three times on his death night, the implications are quite clear. They are \u8216\'91weak\u8217\'92 in their adherence to the Pauline concept of \u8216\'91Faith\u8217\'92, as opposed to the more Jamesian one of salvation by \u8216\'91works\u8217\'92. In addition, they have a defective understanding of Jesus\u8217\'92 teaching, particularly of that most important of all Pauline doctrines, the Christ. This is the situation that has retrospectively been confirmed by eighteen hundred years of subsequent Church history too - however unreasonable or in defiance of real history it might appear }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Plato, who, comprehending the nature of the ancient world better than many others, wished to banish the poets from his \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Republic\u8217\'92 or ideal state - not without cause, because, in his view, it was the poets who created the myths and religious mysteries, by which the less critically minded lived. For Plato, this was a world of almost total darkness }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It will transpire that the person of James is almost diametrically opposed to the Jesus of Scripture and our ordinary understanding of him. Whereas the Jesus of Scripture is anti\'02nationalist, cosmopolitan, antinomian - that is, against the direct application of Jewish Law - and accepting of foreigners and other persons of perceived impurities, the Historical James will turn out to be zealous for the Law, xenophobic, rejecting of foreigners and polluted persons generally, and apocalyptic. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strong parallels emerge between these kinds of attitudes and those of the Righteous Teacher in the Dead Sea Scrolls. For instance, attitudes in the Gospels towards many classes of persons - tax collectors, harlots, Sinners, and the like - are diametrically opposed to those delineated in the Dead Sea Scrolls, but in agreement with anti-Semitic diatribes of the time in Greco-Hellenistic environments such as Caesarea and Alexandria. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the centre of the agitation in the Temple in the mid-50s, hostile to Herodians, Romans, and their fellow travellers, James will emerge as the pivotal figure among the more nationalist-inclining crowd. In his incarnation of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the Perfect Righteous\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91Just One\u8217\'92, he will be at the centre of the Opposition Alliance of sects and revolutionary groups opposed to the Pharisaic/Sadducean Establishment, pictured in Josephus and the New Testament. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paul, on the other hand, will emerge as a highly compromised individual, deeply involved with Roman officials and Herodian kings - a proposition given added weight by the intriguing allusions to a parallel character in the Dead Sea Scrolls called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the Lying Spouter\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91Scoffer\u8217\'92 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  even to the extent of actually being a member of the family of King Herod. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His contacts will go very high indeed, even into the Emperor Nero\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s personal household itself (Phil. 4:22). Appreciating this context will help rescue Jesus\u8217\'92 closest relatives and his religious and political heirs in Palestine from the oblivion into which they have been cast either intentionally or via benign neglect. Coming at this juncture in the debate over the relationship of the Dead Sea Scrolls to Christianity, these kinds of insights should prove enlightening. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Martin Luther a thousand years later felt that the Letter of James should not have been included in the New Testament at all.3 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If we widen this interpretation somewhat to include the Eastern sectarian tendency, referred to in early Church literature as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Ebionite\u8217\'92 and deriving from an original Hebrew root meaning \u8216\'91the Poor\u8217\'92, and other parallel currents producing additional variations related to it, like the Essenes, Nazoraeans, Elchasaites, Manichaeans, and even Islam, we discover a different story. For its part, the Letter of James in its essence resembles nothing so much as the Dead Sea Scrolls, which is why, prior to their discovery, it may have been difficult to appreciate this. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sects such as these were at a very early time pronounced anathema by the Rabbis - the heirs of the Pharisees pictured in the New Testament - who took over Judaism by default seven and a half years after James\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 judicial murder. After the destruction of the Temple theirs was the only Jewish tradition the Romans were willing to tolerate in Palestine. The legal tradition they inherited has come to be known as Halachah, the sum total of religious law according to the traditions of the Pharisees. It is preserved in the literature of the Rabbis known as the Talmud. This includes what is also known as \u8216\'91the Oral Law\u8217\'92 and consists mainly of a document compiled in the third century called the Mishnah, a number of commentaries on it, and further traditional compilations, together known as either the \u8216\'91Babylonian\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91Jerusalem Talmud\u8217\'92, depending on whether they originated in Iraq or Palestine. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Movement headed by James from the 40s to the 60s CE in Jerusalem was the principal one of a number of groups categorized in the Talmud by the pejorative terminology min or minim (plural). This has now come to mean in Jewish tradition \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sectarian\u8217\'92. With the gradual production of this rabbinical literature - at the time of Jesus there were sectarian leaders who went under the title \u8216\'91Rabbi\u8217\'92 as well - a new form of Judaism was formulated no longer predicated on the Temple. This became dominant in Palestine only after the Romans imposed it by brute force. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because of its palpably more accommodating attitude towards foreign rule and, at least while the Temple was still standing, to High Priests appointed by foreigners or foreign\'02controlled rulers, it was really the only form of Jewish religious expression the Romans were willing to live with. The same was to hold true for the form of Christianity we can refer to as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Pauline\u8217\'92, which was equally submissive or accommodating to Roman power. For his part, Paul proudly proclaimed his Pharisaic roots (Phil. 3:5). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This form of Judaism must be distinguished from the more variegated tapestry that characterized Jewish religious expression in Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 and James\u8217\'92 lifetimes. This consisted of quite a number of groups before the fall of the Temple, some of which were quite militant and aggressive, even apocalyptic, that is, having a concern for a highly emotive style of expression regarding \u8216\'91the End Time\u8217\'92. Most of these apocalyptic groups focused in one way or another on the Temple. They were written out of Judaism in the same manner that James and Jesus\u8217\'92 other brothers were written out of Christianity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eusebius, who came from Caesarea in Palestine, was Constantine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bishop and personal confidant. He had a major role in the organization and guidance of the Council of Nicea. The development of this genre of Overseas Christianity was actually concurrent and parallel to the development of Rabbinic Judaism - if something of its mirror image. Both were not only willing to live with Roman power, they owed their continued existence to its sponsorship. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To put this proposition differently: the fact of the power and brutality of Rome was operating in both to drive out and to declare heretical what is now called Jewish Christianity - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Essenism\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91Ebionitism\u8217\'92 would perhaps be a better description of it in Palestine. In Judaism, what was left was a legalistic shadow of former glories, bereft of apocalyptic and Messianic tendencies; in Christianity, a largely Hellenized, other-worldly mystery cult, the real religious legacy of three hundred years of Roman religious genius and assimilation. This surgery was necessary if Christianity in the form we know it was to survive, since certain doctrines represented by James, and probably dating back to his Messianic predecessor \u8216\'91Jesus\u8217\'92, were distinctly opposed to those ultimately considered to be Christian. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of all the characters in the early stages of Christianity, Paul alone is known to us through reliable, first-hand autobiographical documents, that is, the letters attributed to him in the New Testament. They reveal his life, character and thought in the most personal manner possible. All others, even Jesus and most of those generally called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Apostles\u8217\'92, we know only by second- or third-hand accounts, if we know them at all. We have Gospels or letters purportedly written about them or in their names, but these must be handled with the utmost care. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s letters and a few other materials - possibly including the Letter of James - come first and are primary. The rest come later and are secondary. The Gospels themselves are probably even tertiary. Biblical scholars have not come to a consensus on which aspects of this legacy can properly be considered historical. Nor have they succeeded in giving us, despite the bulk of their output, a very real picture of what might have occurred at this formative moment in human history or of the events surrounding and succeeding the life of the individual called, in the Hellenistic world, \u8216\'91the Christ\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Roman Catholic doctrine it has been the received teaching since the end of the fourth century that James was the brother of Jesus, not only by a different father, an obvious necessity in view of the doctrine of divine sonship, but also by a different mother - the answer to the conundrum presented by the perpetual virginity of Mary. That is, James was a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91cousin\u8217\'92 of Jesus. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At some point in the mid-40s, Cephas and John, two of those Paul designates as \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Pillars\u8217\'92 in Galatians 2:9,10 along with another James, \u8216\'91the brother of John\u8217\'92 as distinct from James the subject of this book, disappear from the scene, probably in the context of conflict with Herodian kings such as Agrippa I (37 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  44 CE) or his brother Herod of Chalcis (44-49 CE). Thus, James was left to occupy the \u8216\'91Christian\u8217\'92 leadership stage in Palestine alone for the next two decades. At least this is what can be gleaned from the materials in Acts, however imprecise or mythologized they may be. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 there are lost resurrection traditions that accorded precedence even in this to James, despite attempts to obliterate them. One of these, found in the first post\'02resurrection appearance episode in the Gospel of Luke, depicts Jesus as appearing to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Clopas\u8217\'92 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  that is, Simeon bar Cleophas or his father - together with another unnamed companion, possibly James, on the Emmaus road outside Jerusalem. A second is certainly to be found in 1 Corinthians 15:7, where Paul confirms an appearance to James and \u8216\'91last of all\u8217\'92 himself }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the former at least, if not in the latter, we have unassailable evidence of a tradition according precedence in the matter of the first appearance to a member or members of Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 family \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  \u8216\'91Clopas\u8217\'92, according to extant tradition, being, at the very least, Jesus\u8217\'92 uncle. Interestingly enough, this appearance takes place in the environs of Jerusalem, not in Galilee as most other such Gospel renditions. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In addition, other early traditions, reflected to a certain extent in the Gospel of Thomas found at Nag Hammadi and in the Pseudoclementines \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Hellenistic romances paralleling Acts, but from a Judeo-Christian point of view - actually speak in terms of a direct appointment of James by Jesus.13 As opposed to this, early Church traditions via Clement of Alexandria (150-215), reported by Eusebius, not insignificantly, speak of an election of James or an election by the Apostles. Whatever the conclusion, there can be no doubt that James was the actual successor in Palestine, if not elsewhere. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, there is the Letter ascribed to James in the New Testament, which Eusebius considers spurious. Despite its Jewish apocalyptic character and in spite of its purportedly late appearance on the scene, it was evidently imbued with such prestige that it could not be excluded from the canon. It can be shown to be a direct riposte to points Paul makes in his Letters to the Romans, Corinthians, and Galatians. Even if this is not sufficient to consider it authentic, its doctrines are enough like those of the Historical James, reconstructable from other sources, to contend that, at the very least, it represents authentic Palestinian tradition. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite its relatively polished Greek style, the antiquity of its materials can also now be confirmed by reference to its many parallels to doctrines in the Dead Sea Scrolls, not available previously. It also lacks the Gnostic tendencies so prevalent in later documents featuring the person of James. In it, too, the Temple would seem to be still standing and the catastrophe that was soon to overwhelm Jewish life in Palestine has seemingly not yet occurred. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was around this Perfectly Holy and Righteous \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Just One\u8217\'92 in the Temple that in our view all parties opposing the Herodian/Roman Establishment, from the more violent and extreme to the less so, ranged. In this role as Bishop, James was also High Priest of the Opposition Alliance - thus, in effect, the Opposition High Priest. This is the role accorded him in early Church tradition as well and, as such, it is more or less equivalent to the individual dubbed, in Qumran usage, \u8216\'91the Mebakker\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91Overseer\u8217\'92 and/or \u8216\'91the High Priest Commanding the Many\u8217\'92.15 This role is accorded the Teacher of Righteousness at Qumran as well. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ultimately we shall place James at the centre of the Opposition Alliance of all the groups and parties opposing foreign rule in Palestine and its concomitant, foreign gifts and sacrifices on behalf of foreigners in the Temple. The opposition of this Alliance to Herodian Kings and the Herodian Priesthood led directly to the Uprising against Rome. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This forms the mirror image of the way Christian tradition portrays the Messianic individuals it approves of, who are pictured as sympathetic - or at least not antipathetic - to Rome. This kind of inversion will be shown to be a consistent aspect of the portraiture and polemics of this period. To rescue James from the obscurity into which he was cast, we should now turn to the history of Palestine preceding him, which set the stage for his life, as well as to a description of those sources on which our information about him is based. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the destruction of the First Temple, tradition describes an interregnum of some forty-five years - the Babylonian Captivity - when members of the upper classes were under enforced sojourn in Babylon. The building of the new Second Temple, which followed their return, proceeded in stages, taking approximately another hundred years to complete. Primitive rebuilding efforts, as commanded by the Persian King Cyrus in 540 BC (Isaiah 44:28), began almost immediately under a scion of the previous royal line, Zerubbabel \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  that is, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91shoot\u8217\'92 of David or Jesse out of Babylon (Babel meaning \u8216\'91Babylon\u8217\'92). He was accompanied by a priestly individual, Jesus ben Yehozedek, presumably the son of the previous reigning High Priest, Yehozedek. Both names have important ramifications for our period, the second meaning \u8216\'91God justifies\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91God\u8217\'92s Righteousness\u8217\'92. A leadership conjunction of priestly and royal individuals such as this is important for the Qumran Scrolls, as it is for the New Testament Letter to the Hebrews.1 What became of the organizational and building efforts of th }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What became of the organizational and building efforts of this first royal and High Priestly pair is unclear. At some point the Davidic part of the constellation seems to have dropped out, leaving only priests in the Persian manner in a kind of local autonomy. Some even think that the famous \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Suffering Servant\u8217\'92 passages in the second part of Isaiah - called by scholars \u8216\'91Deutero\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91Second Isaiah\u8217\'92 - have to do with the kingly part of this ruling dichotomy having come to a bad end. This would not be surprising in view of the political turmoil of the time }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Except for a genealogical list in 1 Chronicles 3:24, which ends a little before the beginning of the Maccabean period, nothing further is heard of Zerubbabel or his descendants, representing the Davidic or kingly part of this duality, that is, until the rise of various movements in the first century under the Messianic leaders of that time, leading to the destruction of Jerusalem and the Second Temple. It is interesting that the last descendant of Zerubabbel in 1 Chronicles above is someone called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Anani\u8217\'92 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  in Hebrew meaning \u8216\'91Cloudy One\u8217\'92 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  an allusion with overtones, when considering the all-important Messianic citation about the \u8216\'91Son of Man coming on the clouds of Heaven\u8217\'92 from Daniel 7:13. Zerubbabel crops up as well in New Testament genealogies of Jesus, but neither Matthew nor Luke, who present differing versions of these genealogies, agrees with his genealogy in Chronicles.2 Julius Africanus (170-245 CE), an early Church father, also dealt with the issue of these genealogies, claiming that so jealous was Herod of the genealogies of others that he burned all genealogical records in his own time so no one could possess one superior to his own.3 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91on bar Kochba or \u8216\'91Son of the Star\u8217\'92, the leader of the Second Jewish Revolt against Rome in 132-6 CE. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mention of Zadok and Yehozedek is important, because the root on which this noun cluster is based, the three Hebrew letters Z-D-K, bears the meaning of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Righteousness\u8217\'92. This is not only the basis for James\u8217\'92 cognomen, \u8216\'91the Righteous\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91Just One\u8217\'92, according to all early Church sources, but it is connected to the name of one of the sects in Jesus\u8217\'92 time, which transliterates into Greek, Sadducee or Zadduki/Zaddoki. In Hebrew, ee or i is a suffix referring to a person who is or does a thing, in this case, a \u8216\'91Zadok\u8217\'92 or a \u8216\'91Zaddik\u8217\'92, the latter meaning in English \u8216\'91Righteous One\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When this Zadduki or Sadducee terminology actually emerges is not clear, but by the first century CE, Josephus is referring to priests in his own time as trying to claim descent from David\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s High Priest Zadok. Some of these claims even he does not entertain.7 Jewish Talmudic literature (dating from the third to the seventh century CE) presents a similar picture, but extends the term Sadducee using it as a pejorative inclusive of all sectarians. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever else this something is, it certainly includes the concept of Righteousness, which, as noted above, is the basis of the root cluster in Hebrew underlying the word Sadducee in Greek. This is how the term is used in the Pseudoclementine Recognitions, so important to a consideration of James. Here, the Sadducees are described as a group - like so-called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Zealots\u8217\'92 above - taking their rise in the time of John the Baptist and considering themselves \u8216\'91more Righteous than the others\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91separating themselves from the Assembly of the People\u8217\'92.8 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This definition of Sadducees is actually the way the term is defined by so-called Jewish \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Karaites\u8217\'92 in the Middle Ages, who considered themselves latterday heirs to the Sadducees and actually called themselves the \u8216\'91Righteous Ones\u8217\'92.9 For both Josephus and the New Testament, this sense ends up by being rather expressed in terms of being \u8216\'91harsher in Judgement\u8217\'92.10 It should be appreciated that, whatever else the Qumran sectaries were, they were certainly very harsh and uncompromising where matters of \u8216\'91Judgement\u8217\'92 were concerned, and this aspect of their behaviour should become clear as we proceed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To distinguish the usage \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Sons of Zadok\u8217\'92 as it occurs in the Qumran texts from \u8216\'91Sadducee\u8217\'92, scholars often use the terminology \u8216\'91Zadokite\u8217\'92. The use of the phrase \u8216\'91Sons of Zadok\u8217\'92 would probably actually coincide with the emergence of the Sadducee Party as a distinct group somewhere in the third to second centuries BC. It is not without interest, however, that when the Pseudoclementine Recognitions speaks of the \u8216\'91Sadducees\u8217\'92 as \u8216\'91taking their emergence with the coming of John the Baptist\u8216\'91, this is the picture we would support, at least in the Herodian period, of two groups of Sadducees, one Establishment and the other Purist or Opposition. These last look very much like what in other vocabularies might be called \u8216\'91Messianic\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91Zealot\u8217\'92 and the basis of the split would appear to revolve about seeking accommodation with foreign power and the perceived Righteousness or Unrighteousness of the High Priests. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the split between this Zadok and Boethus also occurs at the time Josephus describes the birth of another movement, a movement he calls the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Fourth Philosophy\u8217\'92 - more popularly known as \u8216\'91Zealots\u8217\'92 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  upon which, as we saw, he lays all the woes that descended on the people in the first century. Not only does Josephus begin his discussion of the various Jewish sects in both his major works with the rise of this movement, but in the second of these, the Antiquities, he ascribes the birth of this movement to not one, as in the War, but two individuals, Judas the Galilean, and a second, probably more priestly, individual he designates only as \u8216\'91Saddok\u8217\'92, a term linguistically related both to the word \u8216\'91Sadducee\u8217\'92 in Greek and the \u8216\'91Zaddik\u8217\'92 in Hebrew, as we have seen }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The issue between this \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Boethus and Saddok\u8217\'92, which Josephus delineates very clearly, is support of or opposition to the payment of the Roman tax. But this, of course, is the issue underlying the prominence given the Roman census - the Census of Cyrenius in 6 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  7 CE \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  at the time of the birth of Jesus in the mythologized portrait of this event in the Gospel of Luke (2:2). It is also a burning issue in the Gospel portraits of Jesus generally, where Jesus is presented as favouring the tax - though at one point Luke denies this, presenting one of the charges levelled against Jesus as teaching the people not to pay the tax to Caesar (Luke 23:2)!14 This is the context in which the notices about the two groups of Sadducees in Talmudic and Karaite sources - one supporting the priestly Establishment and the other opposing it - and collaboration with Rome generally should be placed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The circumstance that stands out in the period prior to the rise of the Maccabees and the Jewish independence movement associated with them in the second century BC is the continuation of priestly control. With the coming of Alexander the Great in 333 BC, two successor states under Hellenistic kings descended from his generals arose in Asia: the Seleucids in Syria and the Ptolemies in Egypt at Alexandria. Judea or Palestine \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  consisting of primarily the region around Jerusalem proper - swung back and forth under the control first of the former, then of the latter. As a rule, relations with the Greek Ptolemies in Egypt were more cordial than those with the Seleucids at Antioch, the Ptolemies being more tolerant. This is important because the Independence War, which broke out in 167 BC, was pointedly waged against Seleucid Hellenization and intolerance. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first the Maccabees seem to have affected only the title of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91High Priest\u8217\'92. At some point in the first or third generations, however, the Greco-Roman title \u8216\'91King\u8217\'92 was added to their nomenclature. Though the Maccabees were from a priestly family, the question has been raised, in the debate relating to the Dead Sea Scrolls, whether they \u8216\'91usurped\u8217\'92 the High Priesthood.17 There is no indication whatsoever of such a usurpation, and the Maccabees seem to have occupied what appears to have been a very popular priesthood indeed. Josephus, for instance, at the end of the first century in Rome, evinces no embarrassment at the Maccabean blood he claims flows in his veins. On the contrary, he would appear to be most proud of it.1 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The appearance of the Romans in the eastern Mediterranean would appear to be referred to at an important juncture of the Book of Daniel, where their victory over the Syrian fleet in the eastern Mediterranean is mentioned (11:30-35 - 190 BC). This seems, in fact, to trigger the predatory activities upon the Temple by the Seleucid King Antiochus Epiphanes, the villain of both Daniel and the Maccabee books. Here too the Book of Daniel uses the key terminology the Kittim, which the Dead Sea Scrolls use to refer to foreign armies invading the country, to refer to the Romans (11:30).19 This is important for sorting out chronological problems at Qumran. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Along with Ezekiel and Isaiah, Daniel is perhaps the most important scriptural inspiration for much of the apocalyptic ideology and symbolism of the Dead Sea Scrolls, as well as for the literature of Christianity. Daniel is also, chronologically speaking, one of the latest books in the scriptural canon, except perhaps for Esther. Esther, which came down to us through a more Eastern-oriented, extra-territorial transmission process, seems to be a more accommodating answer to Daniel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s uncompromising Messianic and apocalyptic nationalism. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Daniel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clear association with the Maccabean Uprising in Palestine was doubtlessly one of the reasons why the Rabbis, following the uprisings against Rome, downgraded it from its position among the \u8216\'91Prophets\u8217\'92, placing it among the lesser \u8216\'91Writings\u8217\'92. No doubt, the Rabbis saw Daniel as a representative of a new, more vivid, style of prophetic expression, which we now call apocalyptic. This style, which they downplayed because of its association with the movement that produced both the Maccabean Uprising and the Uprising against Rome, is very much admired in the documents from Qumran, as it is by New Testament writers. In it, prophetical and eschatological motifs - concerned with the \u8216\'91Last Times\u8217\'92 or the \u8216\'91Last Things\u8217\'92 - are combined amid the most awe-inspiring and blood-curdling imagery.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For instance, Daniel is the first document to refer to what might be described as a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Kingdom of God\u8217\'92. God is not only described as \u8216\'91enduring for ever\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91working signs and wonders in Heaven and on earth\u8217\'92, and \u8216\'91saving Daniel from the power of the lions\u8217\'92 (that is, death), but as having a \u8216\'91sovereignty which will never be destroyed\u8217\'92 and a \u8216\'91kingship that will never end\u8217\'92 (6:26- 28). Daniel also evokes the \u8216\'91Son of Man coming on the clouds of Heaven\u8217\'92, one of the basic scriptural underpinnings for the Messiahship of Jesus and a title always applied to him. This passage will also loom large below in the materials relating to James\u8217\'92 activities in the Temple and the proclamation he makes there. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For Daniel, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the Holy Ones\u8217\'92 (Kedoshim) or \u8216\'91the Saints of the Most High God\u8217\'92 make war on an evil adversary or foreign invader who has violated the Temple and pillaged it for spoils. All these terms will be important for subsequent generations. This foreigner, who has \u8216\'91abolished the perpetual sacrifice\u8217\'92, is clearly described as Antiochus Epiphanes (7:13-8:12), the villain of Jewish Hanukkah festivities ever since. But Daniel also uses additional terms that became popular, particularly at Qumran, but also in the New Testament and the Koran, namely \u8216\'91the Last Days\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91the Wrath\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91the End\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91the Time of the End\u8217\'92 and, of course, the resurrection of the dead (12:2 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  13). The way Daniel refers to the resurrection of the dead is particularly significant: Of those who lie sleeping in the dust of the earth, many will awake, some to everlasting life... cleansed, made white, and purged . . . [they] will rise for [their] share at the End of Time. Aside from ambiguous allusions in Psalms and a similar reference in 2 Maccabees, in the context of Judas Maccabee\u8217\'92s military activities (12:43-44), this is the only overt reference to this doctrine of resurrection in the entire Old Testament. It is noteworthy too that such references are normally associated with a kind of apocalyptic Holy War also outlined in Daniel. The reference in 2 Maccabees is presented in the context of the Maccabean Uprising against Hellenization and foreign rule in Palestine. Parallel descriptions in 1 Maccabees raise the banner of \u8216\'91zeal for the Law\u8217\'92 (meaning the Torah or the Law of Moses) or taking one\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91stand on the Covenant\u8217\'92 (2:27). We shall have occasion to refer to allusions like these with regard to James, as well as to the \u8216\'91Zealot\u8217\'92 Movement taking its inspiration from them. Josephus describes this movement, as already remarked, as beginning around the time the New Testament associates with the birth of Christ (4 BC \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  7 CE), and continuing on to the fall of the Temple in 70 CE and possibly even beyond. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was apocalyptic literature of this kind that was seen by the Rabbis as the impetus behind the unrest that led to the disaster represented by the First Jewish Uprising against Rome (66-70 CE) and the destruction of the Temple and the State, not to mention the Second Uprising (132-6 CE). This literature was seen as fanning opposition to foreign rule. It encouraged an extreme zeal for the Law, that zealotry associated with Holy War, and a willingness to undergo martyrdom rather than to submit to foreign kingship, as well as an associated impetus towards Messianism. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since these ideas were all seen as stemming from the party or parties opposed to what the Pharisee predecessors of the Rabbis had represented - that is, seeking accommodation with Rome and foreign powers generally at all costs - they were considered reprehensible. It is therefore understandable that in the version of Jewish history that the Rabbis transmitted and in the collection of documents they finally declared to be Holy Writ at the beginning of the second century CE, books like the Maccabees were set aside and Daniel given the lowest priority }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Josephus was also a turncoat, a traitor to his people. When reading him, this should always be kept in mind. It was on the basis of this betrayal that he was allowed to live and was not put to death like others who played a role in the events he describes. For Josephus did play a role in these events. Originally, by his own testimony, he was military commandant of Galilee - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Commissar\u8217\'92 might be more accurate - responsible for its organization and fortification in the early days of the Revolt. Given his role as a Pharisee priest, which he later used to extremely good effect, one wonders what his qualifications for such a command position might have been. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Josephus was an interrogator of prisoners and his popularity among his fellow countrymen can be deduced from the following episode, which he describes in the Jewish War. Deputized by the Romans, presumably because he spoke Hebrew, to call up to the defenders on the walls of Jerusalem during its siege and ask for their surrender, he was hit on the head by a projectile thrown by someone on the battlements. When he fell, a spontaneous cheer erupted among those watching from the walls. Their enemy Josephus had been wounded.21 And this was the great Jewish historian! With military commanders or commissars like Josephus, the Jews had no need of enemies, and the military catastrophe that overtook them was inevitable. Later he uses the prestige his priestly status allowed him in the eyes of the Romans to appeal to their credulity and the exaggerated awe they felt for such augurs or foreign oracles.2 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was to his role as a fortune-telling Jewish priest, supposedly held in high esteem by his own people, that his survival can be credited. He and several companions had taken refuge in a cave after the collapse of the military defence of Galilee, for which he was ostensibly responsible. The Romans were taking this time-honoured route on their way to lay siege to Jerusalem, and Josephus betrayed the suicide pact that he and a few companions had made - the normal \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Zealot\u8217\'92 approach in such extreme circumstances. Instead, he and another colleague, after dispatching their comrades, surrendered to the Romans, an episode he relates quite shamelessly. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ushered into the Roman commander Vespasian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence, Josephus proceeded to apply the Messianic \u8216\'91Star Prophecy\u8217\'92 to him, prophesying that Vespasian was the one foretold in Jewish Scripture, who was going to come out of Palestine and rule the world. This was the prophecy that was of such importance to all resistance groups in this period, including those responsible for the documents at Qumran and the revolutionaries who triggered the war against Rome, not to mention the early Christians.23 The following year Vespasian was to replace Nero (54-68 CE) as Emperor. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, Josephus was not the only turncoat to whom sources attribute reversing the sense of the Messianic Prophecy, applying it to the destroyer of Jerusalem instead of to its liberator. Josephus, whether candid or not, considered himself a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Pharisee\u8217\'92, which is quite appropriate to this posture. Paul also proudly proclaims his own Pharisee origins in Philippians 3:5. The Book of Acts even has Paul claiming to have studied with Gamaliel, the grandson of one of the most important Pharisee fathers, Hillel, whose name is still proverbial in Judaism today (Acts 5:3 and 22:3 Hillel, together with another colleague named Shammai, also proverbial, was probably the head of the Herodian Sanhedrin, reconstituted after Herod seized power in 37 BC, and destroyed the remaining Maccabees and their seemingly \u8216\'91Sadducean\u8217\'92 supporters. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Acts pictures Paul as being very proud of his Roman citizenship. In Romans 13:1-7 he almost makes a religion out of loyalty to Rome, placing the Pax Romana and Roman Law, which he even calls \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91God\u8217\'92s Law\u8217\'92, over Jewish Law or the law of his alleged countrymen (Rom. 13:4). His allegiance to this last - theological posturing or poetic allegorizing notwithstanding - was suspect at the best of times. For his part, Josephus obtained Roman citizenship after his obsequious humiliation before Vespasian and consonant adoption into the latter\u8217\'92s family, the Flavians, whose name he came to bear. The Rabbis, who became the Roman tax collectors in Palestine after the fall of the Temple, claim the same behaviour for the progenitor of the form of Judaism they followed, Rabbinic Judaism-to-be, Rabbi Yohanan ben Zacchai. Rabbi Yohanan seems also to have been involved in the process of fixing the Jewish Canon at the end of the first century. Like Hillel and Shammai before him with Herod, Rabbi Yohanan\u8217\'92s behaviour with the Romans has become paradigmatic. He is described in rabbinic sources as applying the same \u8216\'91Star Prophecy\u8217\'92, the most precious prophecy of the Jewish people at that time, to the conqueror of Jerusalem, Vespasian, who was elevated to supreme ruler of the known civilized world after his military exploits in Palestine}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the rabbinic presentation of this story goes, Rabbi Yohanan, after having himself smuggled out of Jerusalem in a coffin - quite appropriately, as it turns out; besides, it was the only exit possible at the time - had an arrow shot into Vespasian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s camp, attached to which was a note claiming that \u8216\'91Rabbi Yohanan is one of the Emperor\u8217\'92s friends\u8217\'92.24 Doubtless this was true, but the camp had to have been Titus\u8217\'92, because Vespasian, the founder of the new Flavian line of emperors, had already gone to Rome at this point to assume his crown, leaving Titus behind to wind things up in Palestine. Rabbi Yohanan, as Talmudic materials present him, then had himself ushered into Vespasian\u8217\'92s presence to proclaim the very same thing Josephus recounts he did, that Vespasian was the Ruler prophesied to come out of Palestine and rule the world. Whether Josephus was a cynical opportunist or not, his account is the more credible, though both may be true. If so, Vespasian must have become very impatient of all these Jewish turncoats obsequiously fawning on him and proclaiming him the Ruler foreseen in Jewish Scripture, who was to come out of Palestine to rule the world (or maybe he didn\u8217\'92t). For his part, the Romans accorded R. Yohanan the academy at Yavneh, where the foundations of what was to become Rabbinic Judaism were laid; whereas Josephus was adopted for services rendered - writing the Jewish War being one of them - into the Roman imperial family itself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In Josephus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 case, the contacts for his treachery had already been laid some time before. As he recounts it, he knew someone in the Roman camp, someone he had met on a previous mission to Rome on behalf of some obscure priests who, he contends, were being held on a \u8216\'91trifling\u8217\'92 charge of some kind.25 These priests, like Paul according to Acts, had appealed to Caesar, that is Nero - \u8216\'91Augustus\u8217\'92 as Acts sometimes calls him (25:21 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  25) \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and were probably connected in some manner to the \u8216\'91Temple Wall\u8217\'92 Affair. In this affair, which in our view led directly to the death of James, a wall had been built - presumably by \u8216\'91Zealot\u8217\'92 priests - to block the Herodian King Herod Agrippa II (49-93 CE) from viewing the Temple sacrifice while reposing and eating on the balcony of his palace }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his autobiographical excursus, called the Vita appended to the Antiquities, Josephus describes how, as a young priest in his mid-twenties, he went to Rome on a mission to rescue those who had gone there and been detained as a result, presumably, of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Temple Wall\u8217\'92 Affair. Somehow he had gained access through a well-connected Jewish actor to Nero\u8217\'92s wife, Poppea, whom he elsewhere describes as being interested in religious causes, Jewish or otherwise. It will be remembered that Nero, too, enjoyed the company of people of the theatre. So pleased was Poppea with the young Josephus that he apparently attained all he wished of her - and perhaps more - for he proudly brags that she sent him away laden with gifts. One wonders what else the artful young priest managed to achieve during his stay, apart from the contacts he made in Roman intelligence circles that served him so well when Roman armies finally did appear in Galilee three years later. It was also as a result of the \u8216\'91Temple Wall\u8217\'92 Affair that the \u8216\'91conspiracy\u8217\'92 was hatched between Agrippa II and the then High Priest Ananus ben Ananus to remove James.27 Indeed, it was at approximately this time that the ever mercurial and doubtlessly deranged Nero proceeded to kick Poppea, who was now pregnant, to death. After this, Nero too seems to have pursued his persecutions of the Jews more determinedly than ever, seemingly purposefully goading them into revolt }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neither do the Gospels or Acts give any hint of the background situation of terrifying political strife, disaffection and day-to-day cruelties that resulted in thousands of crucifixions (not just one), which Josephus for puerile interests of his own lovingly dwells on. But the welter of historical data one finds in Josephus, however unpalatable, is subordinated in them to the deification of Christ and the conciliation of his message, so that one would not even know there was such internecine political strife and an intensity of hatred abroad that only the martyrdom of beloved leaders could produce. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally he condemns those with no first-hand knowledge of the affair, collecting vain and inconsistent stories on the basis of hearsay and writing garbled accounts of it, while eye-witness accounts have been falsified either to flatter the Romans or to vilify the jews.28 Nothing could better enunciate the method and historical style of this period, particularly of works that survived such as the Gospels and the Book of Acts. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Habakkuk Pesher, which, unlike Josephus, almost did not survive and did so only because it was deposited in the caves at Qumran, gives a totally opposite picture of the behaviour of these rampaging foreign armies who \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sacrifice to their standards and worship their weapons of war\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91took no pity even on the fruit of the womb\u8217\'92.29 But Josephus regularly praises \u8216\'91the good order of the Romans\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91their clemency towards the people\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91their indulgence in sparing foreigners\u8217\'92 (like himself), as opposed to what he characterizes as \u8216\'91the brutality of the revolutionaries against the people\u8217\'92! 30 Perhaps even more meaningfully, when one remembers the picture of Roman behaviour generally in the Gospels, he presents the Romans as \u8216\'91unwillingly attacking\u8217\'92 the Jews, insisting that the Romans \u8216\'91were invited into Jerusalem by the Jews\u8217\'92 own leaders\u8217\'92, which is, as we shall see, true from a certain perpective but not precisely in the manner Josephus is presenting it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, and most chillingly of all, Josephus asserts that the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91calamities\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91misfortunes and sufferings\u8217\'92 that overtook the Jews were inflicted on them because of their own behaviour - in this instance, because \u8216\'91they were afflicted by sedition\u8217\'92. In the literature of the early Church fathers, particularly Eusebius, this observation is transformed into the accusation that \u8216\'91the Jews suffered the calamities and misfortunes\u8217\'92 they did \u8216\'91because of their crimes against our Saviour\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Compounding this parallel with Gospel method and presentation - though forced to admit what had to be obvious to anyone, that Titus \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91destroyed Jerusalem\u8217\'92 - for Josephus, \u8216\'91the Temple was burned against the consent of Caesar\u8217\'92. In the same manner, the Gospels portray Jesus as being destroyed against the wishes of the Roman governor. Parallels of this kind are of the utmost importance, particularly when one realizes that in the Gospels Jesus is the \u8216\'91Temple\u8217\'92 (John 2: 19), a presentation developed further and with a good deal of poetic artistry in the Pauline corpus }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This cry of mea culpa is so familiar, because one has already encountered it in the famous cry of the Jewish crowd in the Gospel of Matthew, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91his blood be upon us and upon our children\u8217\'92 (27:25). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Josephus describes the Jewish sects of this period in a somewhat tendentious manner. The New Testament attempts a parallel presentation, but objective observers regard this picture as being largely based on Josephus. The Talmud, based on Pharisaic tradition, presents an equally tendentious picture of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91us\u8217\'92, that is, Rabbinical Judaism versus all other groups, lumped together simply as minim - \u8216\'91sects\u8217\'92. Sometimes these last are even called \u8216\'91Sadducees\u8217\'92 without further elucidation as to whether they are the Sadducees of the New Testament period or another, more \u8216\'91Zealot\u8217\'92 group earlier or contemporaneous with them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where these more or less opposing groups of Sadducees - Herodian (Establishment) or separatist (Purist) - are concerned, there are, to be sure, common approaches to legal minutiae that so obsess the authors of Talmudic tradition and, one might add, their contemporary heirs. However, in the broad lines of hostility towards the Establishment and, for instance, its fornication - including divorce, marriage, and incest - there is almost nothing in common between them. Nor is there anything in common between them regarding antagonism to foreign rule, including foreign-appointed kings, foreign-appointed High Priests, and foreign gifts and sacrifices in the Temple, which so obsess the sectaries at Qumran. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 it is interesting to point out that Phineas, portrayed in Numbers as functioning in the wilderness at the time of Moses, is accorded the High Priestly Covenant in perpetuity, because of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91zeal\u8217\'92 he displayed in killing backsliders who were marrying foreigners, thereby deflecting pollution from the camp of Israel. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I Maccabees 2:26 raises this Covenant on behalf of Judas Maccabee\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s father, Mattathias, and presumably all of his descendants succeeding to him. But this Phineas, who was Aaron\u8217\'92s grandson, was also the High Priestly ancestor of the Zadok of David\u8217\'92s time, an important connection between the Zealot and Zadokite ideologies. This idea of \u8216\'91pollution\u8217\'92 in the camp of Israel in the wilderness as relating to the issue of mixing with foreigners has important ramifications in the Qumran documents and is the focus of the \u8216\'91Zealot\u8217\'92 ethos. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is an even better description of these Essenes, which includes several important points linking them closely with James\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 followers in Palestine, in a work called the Refutation of All Heresies, attributed to Hippolytus, an early third-century Church writer in Rome (160-235). This description is clearly a more detailed and possibly an even earlier version of Josephus\u8217\'92 description of the Essenes in the Jewish War. In it, \u8216\'91Zealots\u8217\'92 and their more extreme counterparts, the \u8216\'91Sicarii\u8217\'92 (\u8216\'91Assassins\u8217\'92 - so styled because of the Arab-style dagger they concealed under their cloaks) are seen only as Essenes less prepared to compromise.2 This is important and clarifies the sectarian situation in Palestine considerably. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This may be explained by the fact that all groups of this kind are simply being referred to retrospectively, as we have noted, a s minim (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sects\u8217\'92) or Saddukim (\u8216\'91Sadducees\u8217\'92) after the Pharisees cum Rabbis took control of Jewish life in the wake of the failure of the Uprising against Rome. In using these notations, no attempt was made to draw fine distinctions, if in fact these were even appreciated by the time the Talmudic materials were finally redacted in the \u8216\'91Oral Law\u8217\'92 or Mishnah in the second and third centuries CE. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The surprising absence of references to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Essenes\u8217\'92 per se in the New Testament is even more easily explained. The New Testament refers to Pharisees, Sadducees (sometimes \u8216\'91Scribes\u8217\'92), Herodians, and even to a certain extent Zealots - these, as in the case of Simon the Zealot, within Jesus\u8217\'92 following, not outside it. The same goes for the term Sicarii, probably reprised by names like Judas Iscariot and his father, Simon Iscariot (thus - John 6:71) and straightforwardly transliterated into Greek in Acts 21: 3 8. The reason Josephus\u8217\'92 Essenes are missing from this list is that this is the group that the New Testament is itself. That said, the New Testament is developing additional terminology to describe itself, that of \u8216\'91Nazoraeans\u8217\'92/\u8216\'91Nazirites\u8217\'92/\u8216\'91Nazrenes\u8217\'92 or, as some like Hippolytus would have it, \u8216\'91Naassenes\u8217\'92, a seeming combination of Nazrenes and Essenes.7 Though this complicates the situation, for Hippolytus these last are basically synonymous both with Essenes and another group always mentioned as connected to James, \u8216\'91the Ebionites\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91the Poor }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The New Testament is aware of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the Poor\u8217\'92 allusions, and other related terms such as \u8216\'91the Meek\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91these Little Ones\u8217\'92; as is Qumran, which knows an additional variation, \u8216\'91the Simple of Judah doing Torah\u8217\'92, and a further one related to these and the manner in which the Gospels describe John the Baptist\u8217\'92s activities in the wilderness, \u8216\'91the Way\u8217\'92.8 This allusion, which is in omnipresent use at Qumran where it is applied to \u8216\'91wilderness\u8217\'92 activities too, is also in use in the New Testament as an alternative name for Christianity in Palestine.9 But all of these names are, obviously, by the middle of the first century, denoting Jewish Christians of one kind or another }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is quite likely that Josephus also fell foul of Titus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 younger brother and successor, Domitian (81-96), who was considered to be as mad, unpredictable, and sadistically violent as Nero had been. Indeed, the mercurial Domitian seems to have executed his secretary, Josephus\u8217\'92 publisher Epaphroditus, who had also been Nero\u8217\'92s secretary previously and someone with whom Paul appears to have been extremely intimate.10 In addition, this Epaphroditus, as is clear from Josephus\u8217\'92 introductions, encouraged Josephus in all his works, particularly his Antiquities, which was published in 94 CE just a little before both disappeared from the scene. Like Epaphroditus, Josephus just drops from sight around this time and may or may not have been executed in the course of Domitian\u8217\'92s often brutal or sadistic approach to political affairs. Trajan (98-117), whose father had been commander of the Tenth Legion in Palestine under Vespasian and Titus, then proceeded to have his difficulties with Messianic agitation and unrest, particularly in the eastern portions of his empire. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For instance, his Sadducees bear no relation to the Qumran Sadducees (or \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Essenes\u8217\'92) whatsoever. As he tells us quite straightforwardly, the former were dominated in all things by the Pharisees, except, it would appear, in the matter of resurrection of the dead, a distinction the New Testament is also quick to seize on.11 His Sadducees are simply upper-class priests of the Herodian period, but how these Sadducees relate to the Maccabeans, who had been the High Priests for a century or more previously, is impossible to say. The Maccabees, by and large, must be considered Sadducees, but they bear almost no relationship to the Sadducees Josephus and the New Testament are describing in the first century. In fact, as I have been at pains to point out, they bear more relationship to Qumran and to those later called \u8216\'91Zealots\u8217\'92 than anything else. I have in previous works referred to the Qumran or \u8216\'91Purist Sadducees\u8217\'92 as \u8216\'91Messianic Sadducees\u8217\'92, taking into account their Messianic tendencies. Others might wish to call them \u8216\'91Essenes\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91Zealots\u8217\'92, as they do indeed display characteristics of both as described in Josephus. But they also display characteristics of what in other quarters are being called Nazoraeans/Nazrenes/Jewish Christians or Ebionites. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The point is that these sects or terminologies tend to slide around a good deal, depending on who is doing the observing, what vocabulary he is employing, and what his own misunderstandings or prejudices might be }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For this reason, it is proper to refer to the authors of these documents as comprising a Movement of some kind which is always, at its core, anti-Establishment. Its precise name for the moment must be left indeterminate, but \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91the Way\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91the Sons of Zadok\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91the Poor\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91the Simple\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91the Meek\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91the Perfect\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91the Sons of Light\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91the Holy Ones\u8217\'92 or combinations such as \u8216\'91the Zealots for the Day of Vengeance\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91the Poor Ones of Piety\u8216\'91, \u8216\'91the Zealots for Righteousness\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91Perfect of the Way\u8217\'92 are all terms cropping up in their repertoire as self-designations. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where the first century CE is concerned, it is also useful to consider the opposition groups in terms of their various degrees of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91zeal\u8217\'92, extending from the more pacifist to the more violent. This is how Hippolytus discusses his \u8216\'91Essenes\u8217\'92, who range by degrees to the most extreme Sicarii, namely those Josephus describes as committing suicide on Masada along the Dead Sea south of Qumran in the last instalment of the War against Rome. If one keeps one\u8217\'92s eyes firmly fixed on support of or opposition to the Herodian Establishment, supplanting the Maccabean from the 60S to the 30S BC, one will never go far astray. Those supporting this Establishment can, echoing language found in the Dead Sea Scrolls, be described as \u8216\'91seeking accommodation with foreigners\u8217\'92, which the Greco\'02Idumaean Herodians and their Roman overlords were most certainly considered to be. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whether in their present-day Orthodox, Conservative, Liberal, or Reform embodiments, all not only claim to be heirs to the Pharisaic legacy but in addition - and, as we shall see, even more astonishing - that the Pharisees were the popular party of the first century CE. For this reason, many Jews, even secular ones, are unable to grasp the true import of their own Hanukkah festivities, which are basically a celebration of Maccabean, anti-foreign, non-accommodationist, priestly zeal. This is because this tradition, too, which is diametrically opposed to the inherited one, has been downplayed, trivialized and virtually written out of Talmudic literature, where most references to the Maccabees are negative for the same reason that they are in Christianity }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the Pharisees were not the popular party of their time and place, despite Josephus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 attempts - and those of Rabbinic Judaism thereafter - to prove otherwise. To clarify and highlight this, I have in my work generally redefined Pharisees as those \u8216\'91seeking accommodation with foreigners\u8217\'92. This plays on phraseology in use at Qumran to characterize its opponents or enemies, \u8216\'91the Seekers after Smooth Things\u8217\'92 - even \u8216\'91Smoothies\u8217\'92. Clearly this is a hostile designation. It is also possible to apply this appellation to Pauline or Overseas Christians, who, in terms of political attitudes anyhow, are not very different from Pharisees. This puts the proposition in the broad brushstrokes that have meaning for the period before us, dispensing with the kind of legal hair-splitting one usually hears about. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Establishment groups, quite simply put, were the Pharisees, Sadducees and Herodians, the last being those members of the Herodian power structure and their associates not encompassed under the preceding two designations. One might as well add to these Pauline or Overseas Gentile Christians as the only Christian group of any consequence that really survived in the West after the obliteration of the Jerusalem centre and the Temple. If there is any question about this, one has only to look at Romans 13:1-7 noted above and the attitudes towards Roman law and authority displayed there. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But as I have been at pains to assert, Pauline Christianity and Rabbinic Judaism are two sides of the same coin. Both develop in conjunction with each other and both follow an accommodationist policy towards Rome, which is why no doubt both survived. In this context, the main difference is that one is pro-Law and the other against it. But the points of accommodation here are not the minor ones belaboured in Rabbinic tradition, such as those connected with dietary regulations, sexual purification or Sabbath observation, though these played a part. Rather, they are the broad lines of accommodation with foreigners in a political sense, seen by Qumran and \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Zealot\u8217\'92-style groups generally as \u8216\'91breaking the Law\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These included, in addition to opposition to foreign kings, which the Herodians most certainly were considered to be by opposition groups, and opposition to the foreign appointment of High Priests - a consequence of the destruction of the Maccabean family by Herod, to which so-called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Zealots\u8217\'92 were so opposed, and most likely Jamesian Christians as well, opposition to the receipt of gifts or sacrifices in the Temple from or on behalf of foreigners, seen at Qumran and probably by Jewish Christians as well as \u8216\'91pollution of the Temple\u8217\'92. This, as will be seen below, triggered the Uprising against Rome. Finally there were the sexual and marital practices to which the Pharisees and Sadducees turned a blind eye but which were opposed in the most extreme manner by all groups like those at Qumran and early Christians of the \u8216\'91Jamesian\u8217\'92 persuasion. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So far as Qumran was concerned, these practices included polygamy, divorce and, most importantly for making secure identifications in this period, marriage with nieces or close family cousins. This last was simply considered an extension of the ban on incest at Qumran.14 Like the complaints of John the Baptist against the Establishment, such criticisms were obviously aimed at members of the Herodian family and their supporters. All are included under the broad phraseology of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91fornication\u8217\'92 at Qumran, the specific condemnation of which is also prominent in all reports and traditions associated with James\u8217\'92 teachings and directives. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For instance, it is clear that the Maccabean Uprising was not Pharisaic, yet this was most certainly popular. In fact, the Pharisees may have got their name, which means \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91those who separated from\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91splitters away\u8217\'92, from a group in the second century BC described in I Maccabees as deserting the cause of the Maccabeans in favour of a foreign-appointed High Priestly claimant (7:13 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  18). }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyam_Maccoby"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i0 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyam_Maccoby}}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 #}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 According to Maccoby, the founding of Christianity as a religion separate from Judaism was entirely the work of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_of_Tarsus"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Paul of Tarsus}}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyam_Maccoby#cite_note-3"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i0\super [}}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3]}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0 \~In this Maccoby's view is largely based on that of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heinrich_Graetz"}{\fldrslt\f2\fs20\b0\i0 Heinrich Graetz}}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0 .}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Maccoby claimed that Paul was a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hellenization"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Hellenized}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Jewish convert or perhaps even a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gentile"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Gentile}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , from a background in which he had been exposed to the influence of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gnosticism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Gnosticism}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and the pagan\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mystery_religions"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 mystery religions}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , such as the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attis"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Attis}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~cult, a myth involving a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life-death-rebirth_deity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 life-death-rebirth deity}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . The\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mystery_religions"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 mystery religions}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , according to Maccoby, were the dominant religious forms in the Hellenistic world of that age and strongly influenced Paul's mythological psychology. Maccoby partially derived his theory from fragments of the writings of opponents of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ebionites"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Ebionites}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , particularly the treatise on\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Heresies}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epiphanius_of_Salamis"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Epiphanius of Salamis}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Maccoby considered Paul's claims to an orthodox\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pharisees"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Pharisaic}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Jewish education to be false and asserted that while many of Paul's writings sound authentic to the uninitiated, they actually betray an ignorance of the original Hebrew scripture and the subtleties of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_Law"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Jewish Law}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyam_Maccoby#cite_note-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Maccoby claimed that an examination of the New Testament indicates that Paul knew no Hebrew at all and relied entirely on Greek texts that no actual Pharisee would ever use because they were not properly translated from the Hebrew originals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 According to Maccoby, Paul fused the historical story of Jesus' crucifixion with elements of contemporary mystery religions and Gnosticism and developed such new non-Judaic mythic ideas as the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trinity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Trinity}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Last_Supper"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Last Supper}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Paul also made an attempt to find prophetic justification for his newly created myth in the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_Testament"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Old Testament}}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Paul came to present Jesus as a dying and rising saviour deity similar to those from the Hellenistic mystery cults, fused with the historical pedigree of Judaism, and thus gave birth to a powerful new myth whose preaching gained him a large following. As the Jerusalem group of the original disciples of Jesus gradually became aware of Paul's teachings, bitter hostility ensued between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Maccoby interpreted certain\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Testament"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 New Testament}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~passages (such as Paul's account of his quarrel with\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Peter"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Peter}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incident_at_Antioch"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Incident at Antioch}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) as remnants of authentic accounts of that hostility. However, the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_Rebellion"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Jewish Rebellion}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of 66\endash 70 soon brought a violent end to the Jerusalem sect, and the Gentile Church that was founded by Paul emerged as the winner by default. Maccoby viewed the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Book_of_Acts"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Book of Acts}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~as a later attempt by the Pauline Church to present the relations between Paul and the Jerusalem disciples as harmonious and the Pauline Church as legitimised by the chain of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apostolic_succession"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 apostolic succession}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~reaching back to the original disciples of Jesus. Maccoby also conjectured that the Jewish-Christian sect of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ebionites"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Ebionites}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~may have been an authentic offshoot of the original Jerusalem community.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Reception of Maccoby's view of Paul has generally been negative.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyam_Maccoby#cite_note-8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 8]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Gager"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 John Gager}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princeton_University"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Princeton University}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~reviewed\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Mythmaker}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(1986) in the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jewish_Quarterly_Review"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Jewish Quarterly Review}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(1988), describing part of Maccoby's thesis as "perverse misreading" and concluded "Thus I must conclude that Maccoby's book is not good history, not even history at all."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyam_Maccoby#cite_note-9"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 9]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Skarsaune (2002), referencing Maccoby's work and the theory that Paul represents a Christianity totally different from that of the early community in Jerusalem, writes that "Acts provides no evidence to substantiate this theory."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyam_Maccoby#cite_note-10"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 10]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_D._G._Dunn"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 James D. G. Dunn}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(2006) describes Maccoby's revival of Graetz' accusations that Paul was a Gentile as "a regrettable reversion to older polemics".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyam_Maccoby#cite_note-11"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 11]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The continuity with Graetz is also noted by Langton (2009), who contrasts Maccoby's approach with adherents of a "building bridges" view, such as\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isaac_Mayer_Wise"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Isaac Mayer Wise}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joseph_Krauskopf"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Joseph Krauskopf}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claude_Montefiore"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Claude Montefiore}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , even if they shared some details of the polemic critique of Paul.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyam_Maccoby#cite_note-12"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 12]}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Thus far the picture of the ''Jesus movement'' is intelligible, thoroughly Jewish, and marked by law-observant continuity. The people in this picture are also eminently admirable. From Jesus onward they are all Pharisees, realistic activists, engaged in resistance against Roman occupation, determined to make the world a better place in which to live and not to escape from it into some otherworldly form of romanticism.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 First, there is the argument from comparative religion. Paul is said to have drawn the core of his theology from Gnosticism, a religion characterized by Mr. Maccoby as inherently anti-Semitic. Nowhere, however, does Mr. Maccoby identify Gnostic sources that can be dated as early as Paul's letters. Moreover, again and again, where Mr. Maccoby turns to Gnosticism to explain a Pauline motif, the data in Paul's letters themselves call instead for comparison with Jewish apocalyptic writings, notably the type of apocalyptic we know from the Dead Sea Scrolls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the letter to the Galatians, for example, Paul interprets Jesus's crucifixion by citing a verse from Deuteronomy, ''Cursed is everyone who hangs on a tree,'' a pronouncement having originally nothing to do with crucifixion. Our understanding of Paul's exegesis of this verse has been greatly improved since the discovery of the Dead Sea Scrolls, for in two of them, not mentioned by Mr. Maccoby, we find the same text from Deuteronomy interpreted as a reference to crucifixion. This shows that Paul's interpretation is scarcely a piece of pagan thought that is ''alien to Jewish thinking,'' as Mr. Maccoby says. In sum, the argument that Paul developed the core of his theology from pagan, anti-Semitic, forms of religion is without foundation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For Mr. Maccoby, as for others from the theologian Robert Eisler to the historian S. G. F. Brandon, Jesus must have been a nationalistic political figure who was threatening to the Romans, not an extraordinary religious figure who was odious to some of the Jewish authorities. The Gospels consistently report, however, that Jesus's disciples were not arrested along with Him, and that development is altogether unlikely for members of a seditious movement. Never mind, says Mr. Maccoby; the Gospel writers, intent on depoliticizing Jesus, omitted to mention the ''details of the arrest of Jesus' followers.'' Which details? The nonexistent ones required by the presupposed portrait of Jesus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Do things improve when Mr. Maccoby takes us to the Pauline documents? Not very much. Those who wish to make Paul's acquaintance have at their disposal sources that fall into three categories: seven letters written by Paul himself in the sixth decade of the first century; Luke's account in the Acts of the Apostles, penned at the end of the century, along with several letters written by Paul's followers; and finally, references to Paul in the traditions of Jewish-Christian groups, such as the Ebionites and their like, ranging in date from the late second century into the fourth. All of the items in this third category (mainly the Ascents of James, the Preachings of Peter, and a brief paragraph in the fourth-century ramblings about the Ebionites in the major work of the church father Epiphanius) have been meticulously studied since the seminal labors of F. C. Baur (1792-1860). It is widely known that the least reliable of them is the brief paragraph in Epiphanius. From this paragraph, clearly a mixture of fable and slander, Mr. Maccoby draws the major dimensions of his portrait of Paul, using it to correct Paul's own letters and Luke's account! Little cause for wonder, then, that the slander continues. In Mr. Maccoby's account Paul, a man of doubtful antecedents, lacking in logical ability because of a feeble educational base, having failed in his attempt to become a genuine Jew, threaded his way by guile through a series of stormy episodes and, in short, told lies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 That descendants of those who for centuries were charged with deicide, descendants of those who were peremptorily summoned to the so-called Jewish-Christian disputations in the Middle Ages, descendants of those who were told in the 19th century to assimilate or suffer the consequences, descendants of those who were taken by the millions to the gas chambers, assimilated or not - that these descendants should find it difficult to trust what is said by a Christian, modern or ancient, calls for no explanation and should receive none. More than distrust, however, is required of the historian.WE are left, then, with the unwanted conclusion that historical tendentiousness precludes Mr. Maccoby's book on Paul from serving as a potent antidote to the virus of anti-Semitism among Christians. The conclusion is doubly unfortunate - first because the author has put a good deal of work and sincerely held passion into the book and second (and much more important) because there is in fact a connection between Paul and anti-Semitism that demands serious attention: anti-Semites have been able to employ unconscionably some of Paul's utterances to their own ends. Indeed Paul said things that - torn from the literary, historical and theological contexts in which he said them - have been used to dehumanize Jews, women and, not least, black slaves and their descendants. Such statements call, however, not for superficial castigation of Paul, but rather for contextual interpretation; whoever engages in such interpretation will discern that Paul was not a romantic dreamer but a warrior in both worlds who was active against all forms of enslavement to the status quo.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf5 To apply the name "}{\f3\fs28\b1\ul\ulc0\cf6 kurios"}{\f4\fs24\b1\i1\ul\ulc0\cf5 \~}{\f3\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf5 or Lord in its\~}{\f3\fs36\b1\ul\ulc0\cf6 divine sense}{\f3\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf5 \~to a human being who had recently lived and died on Earth would have seemed to any Pharisee or other Jew sheer blasphemy. However, to the recipients of Paul's letters, the use of the term "Lord" for Yeshua would not have seemed shocking at all, for this was the regular term for the deities of the mystery cults, those salvation gods with whom the devotees united their souls in communal dying and resurrection as just mentioned above.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Strabo, the Greek historian, geographer and philosopher writes in his }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Geography}{\f0\fs24\b0  (xiv, 5. 12ff.) that Tarsus was a leading cultural and educational center, surpassing even Athens and Alexandria.\~ Its people, he says, were avid in their pursuit of culture, applying themselves to the study of philosophy, literature, music and the whole round of liberal arts.\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Roman citizenship was originally confined to freeborn natives of Rome, but as the Empire expanded citizenship was extended to other people in the provinces.\~ Presumably, St. Paul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s father, grandfather or even great-grandfather had acquired Roman citizenship, either by making a significant contribution to the Roman Empire (militarily, or more likely, economically), or by purchasing Roman citizenship through political connections and cash. \~\~In addition, Dio Chrysostom, in his }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Oration}{\f0\fs24\b0  (34, 23) tells us that enrolling as a Roman citizen in Tarsus required owning property in excess of 500 drachmae\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not an easy threshold to meet.\~ St. Paul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s family clearly had both money and status. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}