{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 that Solraheen, in His infinite wisdom, He knew how to create every kind of thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the birds of the air, the fish of the sea, you and me, but He is the ultimate creator, and he delights in different mediums, and so He married the wind and sand together and their oldest child is the Erg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo explained how dunes move. One might expect that they drift across the desert, but that isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t it. They seem to disappear and reappear further downwind, as if moved by magic. What really happens is that the wind whips the grains of sand into ballistic arcs, and where they fall, they accumulate, and as time passes the whole dune itself seems to have melted and reconstituted further away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wondered, since the wind in the Sand blew east more often than not, then shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the wind have wiped the desert clean of sand?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If the land were left alone,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93All this sand would, indeed, blow itself into the mountains or the sea.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So why hasn\u8217\'92t it all disappeared?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo explained that as much sand was being made as being taken away. The endless hordes of axes and cattle have never stopped chomping at the grass and trees. With no roots, the soil gets washed away, then compacted at the bottoms of valleys and plains. A few unlucky droughts later and it all ends up dry as a bone, a big heap of sand for the wind to pick up and add to the rest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It reminded Mandri of his own bone-dry farm, and he wondered if all that parched dirt might soon end up out here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what would happen to the dunes if that weren\u8217\'92t true? What if all the people and all the herds suddenly disappeared?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you want them to?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 //}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 On the sixth day, or was it the seventh? On the seventh day, Mandri saw a brilliant blue butterfly. It fluttered in the middle of an empty expanse of tan sand and gray rock. The butterfly was probably just as surprised to see him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which is stranger,\u8221\'94 Obo said, \u8220\'93This butterfly being out here, or you and me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably you,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s only, what, ten Mazidai?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eleven. I am the tenth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what Obo means. My point is, anyone who sees a Mazid is going to be surprised.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t exactly blend in, do I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That night it was Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn to tell a story. She flashed a meek smile and said no. Moteah and Elrahet wouldn\u8217\'92t have it. Purl said she didn\u8217\'92t like how excited she got when she told stories. A round of routine urging ensued, and Purl proceeded to talk about a lizard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My story is about the daughter of a white-tailed lizard. White-tails, if you don\u8217\'92t know, like to live in mounds made out of their own shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not quite true,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is in this story. This lizard family\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mother, father, and their thirty children\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they lived in a mound made entirely out of their own shit. Whenever someone had to shit, they looked for a wall that needed mending and they let loose. Then the sun baked the shit into a shit brick, part of a shit house, and that was that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Charming,\u8221\'94 said Obo, drawing glares to be quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, one lizard daughter didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound a shit. Her parents asked her, \u8216\'91What\u8217\'92s wrong? Why don\u8217\'92t you like it here?\u8217\'92 and the daughter said, obviously, \u8216\'91because this place is a mound of shit.\u8217\'92 The father pretended to laugh, and said, \u8216\'91Very funny. Now go fix the front door\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This drew a chorus of chuckles. Seb blew some farting noises into his elbow. He loved it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This lizard daughter was a dutiful daughter, and so she did what her father commanded, she lifted her tail and pooped on the front door. Still, she didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound of shit. She went back to the father and said, \u8216\'91Why can\u8217\'92t we be like the finches, who live in cups of sticks and moss? Why can\u8217\'92t we be like the rats, who live deep underground in burrows? Or why can\u8217\'92t we be like the humans, who live wherever they want?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The father said, \u8216\'91We do not have wings, so where are we going to get sticks and moss? We do not have digging claws, so how can we dig into the earth? We do not have beer, so how can we live wherever we want? No, my daughter,, we have to count on what we do have, and what we do have is our poop. Now go chew a hole in the living room wall, we\u8217\'92re looking to expand.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dutifully, the daughter chewed a hole in the living room wall. Her mouth was full of her family\u8217\'92s leavings, and she realized, now more than ever, that she didn\u8217\'92t like living in a mound of shit. She decided then and there that enough was enough and she was going to leave. So she wiggled out of her home and set off into the desert.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She didn\u8217\'92t return home for five years, which, for a white-tail, made her old enough to be a grandmother. Her parents were long dead. One of her lizard brothers now owned the mound.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The brother, trying to be the most gracious host, invited his long lost sister inside for dinner. The sister declined. When the brother asked why, the sister answered, \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92ve traveled the world and have slept in the houses of birds, rats, and humans, and I\u8217\'92ve even snuck into a snake\u8217\'92s den! None of them were so foul as this.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The brother said, \u8216\'91Come now, sister, it\u8217\'92s not that bad. We\u8217\'92ve added a second floor.\u8217\'92 The sister said, \u8216\'91No thank you,\u8217\'92 and she left. As she left, she heard her brother shout at one of her many children who was avoiding his chores. He said, \u8216\'91The floor should be clean enough to eat off!\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The old sister grew sad at this parting. After all the glorious homes she\u8217\'92d seen, it hurt to see her brother and his family living in such squalor. She decided to do something about it. She thought that all her relatives needed was a push out the door and they\u8217\'92d see for themselves that a mound of shit is the worst kind of house to live in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So she journeyed back to the snake whose home she\u8217\'92d snuck into. This time, however, she revealed herself to the snake. She said to the snake, \u8216\'91I know you want to eat me, but if you can hold your appetite, I will lead you to a mound of shit that is crawling with lizards. It will be the easiest meal of your life.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The snake was skeptical. It asked the old lizard, \u8216\'91Why would you betray your kin like this?\u8217\'92 And the lizard said, \u8216\'91I will lead you there if you promise to leave at least one boy and one girl alive, so that they can carry on the family name. Also, and this is the most important thing, you have to completely destroy that mound of shit.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The snake wasn\u8217\'92t sure if he wanted to do it. He had no arms and legs, so if he wanted to destroy the mound he\u8217\'92d have to roll around in it. But the promise of an easy meal was too good to pass up, so he said to the old lizard, \u8216\'91lead on\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The lizard led the snake back to her brother\u8217\'92s home, and the snake did what he promised. He ate the brother and his wife, and most of their children too, and he rolled around in the pile of dried shit, crushing it into dust. Only two lizards survived, a boy and a girl. Without a home they were forced to wander around in the desert. Their old, kinslaying aunt followed them from afar, eager to see how they fared. She was careful not to intrude on the new experiences that awaited them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eventually, the young brother and sister got tired of not having a permanent home. The girl said to her brother, \u8216\'91I just want my own bed to sleep in.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy said, \u8216\'91I wish the same. We should build a house.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91How do you build a house?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91I don\u8217\'92t know. What was it that grandfather was always saying?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8216\'91He always said that all we\u8217\'92ve got is our poop.\u8217\'92 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And it just so happened that right next to them was a brick of poop that one of them had left sitting there from the day before. And I\u8217\'92m sure you know what happened next\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the two lizards built a new house of shit to live in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When their old aunt saw that her niece and nephew had reverted back to the old ways, she became distressed. She wandered back into the snake\u8217\'92s den, and the snake, surprised to see her, asked, \u8216\'91Why have you returned?\u8217\'92 To this the old lizard replied, \u8216\'91Because they can\u8217\'92t think of anything else but shit.\u8217\'92 Then the snake ate the old lizard, and that\u8217\'92s the end of the story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri screwed up his nose and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how that story goes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl sneered back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how it goes, because that\u8217\'92s how I said it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to appeal to the group, all who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d certainly heard the story of the lizards and their shit before, but Ayram said, \u8220\'93Purl\u8217\'92s right. The storyteller makes the rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s a little contrived for my tastes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. I\u8217\'92m going to sleep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knelt down, picked up a dropped wafer of hardtack and noticed a small gray lizard. It looked at him without really looking at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one eye trained on him, the other eye swiveling in its socket to stare at everything else. Mandri admired its vigilance. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dangerous, but the lizard didn\u8217\'92t know that. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought about how exhausting that little lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life must be, having to be on-guard the whole day through, because anything that moves could be a threat. And here Mandri was, barely noticing anything. He decided, from then on, to be a bit more wary about what was going on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s misanthropy was getting the better of him. His mood wasn\u8217\'92t foul, he was just discouraged. He was treating each day as his final opportunity to reach out for a Spark, and at each rejection, he grew more upset at the Ayramun, more upset at humanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to help. One afternoon, he approached Elrahet and tried to vouch for Obo. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expect to succeed, but it didn\u8217\'92t hurt to try. Elrahet responded gruffly, \u8220\'93Put it out of your mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Later that day, Mandri was trying to convince Obo of humanity\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nobler pursuits\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 art, music, and philosophy, and all of that. Then they happened to pass an enormous rock which bore a stick-figure painting of a man screwing a goat. The painting looked older than time itself. Probably, it was the first painting ever made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think this settles it,\u8221\'94 said Obo, eyeing the too-expressive marks. \u8220\'93This is raw humanity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t judge all of us because someone wanted to make fun of Sixa the Very Great.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you think this is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Look, we\u8217\'92ve improved. Some of us, anyways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}