{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There are many paintings of the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Pitted Portion. Whenever the wealthy decide they want to own a piece of the wider world, they order the standard eight-piece polyptych of the Sand\u8217\'92s Eight Portions, and when it came to the Pitted Portion, the painting was more or less the same every time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a view from high up in the western Hias looking down at landscape of barren rock dotted with large pits like the one Mandri had just been pulled out of. To Hrkan eyes, it was a land in which to sweep the spall of shattered nations. \u8220\'93Pits for pokes,\u8221\'94 was a sort of slogan. Pokes did live in them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It turns out, those paintings were lies. Laid out before Mandri was an ordinary desert plain. Stands of green scrub-brush battled against stands of pink-floreted browngrass, with splotches of barren rock here and there acting as a no man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s land between these warring tribes. So far as he could see, there was only one other pit about a hundred yards to the north, not hundreds. There might have been more of them in the distance, but Mandri didn\u8217\'92t care enough to find out because he had to walk. Tob had plopped a knobby sack onto his shoulder and told him he had to carry it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two gruff men walked alongside him. One of them smelled like a festering sore. Mandri did not catch his name. The other man was called Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s had spent a lot of effort trying to avoid people like Moto.  He\u8217\'92d tried running away to be a farmer. He\u8217\'92d tried killing himself. He\u8217\'92d tried blotting out the world by stuffing himself up with burgeons. Now look where he was, rightfully lost, far enough away from civilization to be rightfully in the wild, and there was Moto, striding alongside him, a good and well-adjusted person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri despised well-adjusted people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were judgmental.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They pretended not to be, but they were. And they judged harshly. Moto certainly did. Mandri could tell, just by looking at the man, that he judged people based on appearances alone. And damn it, he was handsome, with clean, even features. Behold his chiseled jaw, his goodly height, his broad shoulders, his bird-bright eyes looking out at the world like it was all a game. Even when standing still he was dynamic. He looked so much like a statue of Zos, a swerve of coiled strength, and his color was an exact match to Zos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 two parts beetle umber, one-half part Wazian blue. To top it off, his garb was disgustingly fashionable, with his orange robe tucked and folded at the chest into a series of inverted triangles that accentuated the athletic V of his torso.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Such considerations, set against the struggle for survival out in the Sand, were rude. The man even had a sword with a gold plated hilt. Imagine being so well-adjusted to such a desolate place that you thrive. And that was the thing about well-adjusted people\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was a hateful, brutal world; being well-adjusted to it was a clear sign of derangement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri lagged behind this well-adjusted poke on account of his own abiding weakness. Naturally, Moto adjusted well to this new pace. Curse his flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re following a road,\u8221\'94 Moto said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A road?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, caught off guard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A twinge of amusement squinched Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye, and his smile spread into a derisive smirk. \u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t see the road?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri did see the road. They were walking along a gently raised hump of earth which snaked away into the infinite distance, a slope so slight and obscured by brush that, yes, it was easy to miss, or easy to mistake for a natural drift of dirt, but Mandri saw it for what it was, an ancient road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know about charnel roads?\u8221\'94 Moto asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knew all about charnel roads, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to engage the man. He kept his eyes down and tried to look like he was too miserable to talk, which was easy to do because it was true. He rubbed his chest and belly to play up his condition, but Moto didn\u8217\'92t seem to care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is the Bazul Road,\u8221\'94 Moto said grandly. \u8220\'93The whole of the Sand is full of charnel roads like this one.\u8221\'94 He kicked the ground and scattered some loose stones, as if doing so made the road\u8217\'92s existence more believable. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t see it because it\u8217\'92s overgrown.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is\u8230\'85it is\u8230\'85Look, I\u8217\'92m going to ask you some questions, and I want you to answer them truthfully and to the best of your ability. I\u8217\'92m responsible for you, so I\u8217\'92d like to know what I\u8217\'92m responsible for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, but he was not hopeful about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll start with the basics,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Mandrameen. People call me Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on, stop. Stop walking.\u8221\'94 Moto pulled on Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulder-slung sack to force compliance. \u8220\'93Look me in the eye.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked Moto in the eye, though he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure which one to look at.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said answer the question to the best of your ability. Was that the best answer you could give?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri reflexively smiled to soothe the quirk in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow. \u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93Usually when people ask, \u8216\'91who are you?\u8217\'92, they\u8217\'92re asking for a name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Usually, people don\u8217\'92t preface the question by telling you to answer it to the best of your ability. So, I\u8217\'92ll ask again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was a farmer, and before that I was a painter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A painter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted, then looked away, as if understanding was galloping towards him from the north. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve met a Mazid before,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93She was a poet before having her Spark removed. Looked about as pathetic as you do. She was\u8230\'85but I interrupted. Go on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s not much else to say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you seek to become a Mazid, or was it put upon you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 wanted}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  this?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why ask?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to hear how you tell it. How did you become a Mazid if you did not want it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I was high on burgeons at the time so\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, stop.\u8221\'94 Moto rubbed his brow. \u8220\'93Mandri, you are walking with the Ayramun, do you understand? Whether or not you stay walking with us is going to depend upon }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 how }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 you answer my questions. Notice that I put emphasis on the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how\u8217\'92. I\u8217\'92m talking about respect. Be thorough. Don\u8217\'92t lie.\u8221\'94 He frowned, as if he already knew Mandri was going to ignore him. \u8220\'93The Sand is big, but there\u8217\'92s no room in it for a liar who can\u8217\'92t do the one thing that he\u8217\'92s supposed to be able to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "And what am I supposed to do, exactly?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri\u8217\'92s indignation was livening him up. If he wasn\u8217\'92t careful, he might do something regrettable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right now, you\u8217\'92re supposed to answer my questions. To the best of your ability. If you can\u8217\'92t do that, I will put you right back where you were found.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was fine where I was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were fine killing pokes for the Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that any worse than killing Hrks for pokes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole body went slack. After a moment of serious staring, trying to suss out Mandri\u8217\'92s impertinence, he pointed after the marching Ayramun and said, \u8220\'93Start walking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They both set off again, shoes and boots stomping along the charnel road. But it was different now, Moto had become a different person, more bothered. He eyed Mandri through a worrisome squint. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That kind of talk is how I can tell you\u8217\'92re a burgeon biter,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93They all get thrown out into the Sand eventually.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That was true enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sometimes Ayram takes them up, but it\u8217\'92s always a mistake because a burgeon biters are too short-sighted. They can\u8217\'92t reason about the future. Do you understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes\u8221\'94 to try and stave off any further explication, but Moto went ahead anyway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think you\u8217\'92re better off being dead. You only think that because you don\u8217\'92t fear death. Death is in the future and you have no conception of that. You may prefer that, because who wants to be in constant fear of death, and you\u8217\'92re right, but see, it\u8217\'92s not the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 being dead}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to be afraid of\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s the act of dying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The more Moto spoke, the more he was getting wrapped up in his own words. He was one of those Zosans who spoke with his hands and his shoulders as much as his mouth. His heavy pack bouncing around was a mild speech impediment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See, you\u8217\'92re out in the Sand now, and I don\u8217\'92t think you appreciate the implication of that. This road we\u8217\'92re standing on, you see it's this hump here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94, Moto traced the gentle contour of the road\u8217\'92s hump with an open hand. \u8220\'93It goes on further than you\u8217\'92d think is possible. The Bazul Road. One of the charnel roads. You know what a charnel road is?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re sacred roads.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted and spat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A road can\u8217\'92t be sacred any more than a rock can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not what a Solitant would say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solitants don\u8217\'92t know shit. If they knew what it was like to die on a charnel road, they wouldn\u8217\'92t walk them. If }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  knew, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be kissing my feet. Believe me, you don\u8217\'92t want to end up like one of those pilgrims. They walk charnel roads just for the chance to rot on them, and let me tell you, that\u8217\'92s not all that happens to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought the point of walking a road was to get to where you\u8217\'92re going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Go and ask a pilgrim why he doesn\u8217\'92t make the Bazul Road in the comfort of a caravan and he\u8217\'92ll tell you that if Bazul did not intend for pilgrims to suffer, then Bazul wouldn\u8217\'92t have allowed himself to be martyred out in the Sand; he would have been killed on some oated knoll near a spring. Bazul\u8217\'92s shrine is set deep into the Sand because that\u8217\'92s the journey Bazul had in mind. The road itself is the shrine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. If Moto were a considerate person, sensitive to conversational cues, an utterance like that would have shut him up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They think that walking the road is a test of faith against the power of the sun, and to skip that test is the same as having no faith at all. True Solitant pilgrims don\u8217\'92t trivialize the road by riding in a wagon, or walking at night. They walk the road in the heat of the day, and they die doing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tragic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show some respect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t say sorry when you don\u8217\'92t mean it. If you don\u8217\'92t take your own words at their strength, then what are you doing with mine? You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 need}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to man up, Mandri. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m of half a mind to leave you out here and let the sun finish you off. It\u8217\'92s not a good death. You ever seen a waterless man with a black tongue swole up to the size of a hermit rat? I don\u8217\'92t think you have. Imagine an ache that splits you from your head down to your toes. That kind of thirst, your stomach peels apart, like the marrow in your bones is boiling it. And as I said, tongue swells up to bursting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a Mazid. I don\u8217\'92t need water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t got to the worst of it. There\u8217\'92s an old pile of pilgrim\u8217\'92s bones not far from here that I could show you. You\u8217\'92d see how they\u8217\'92re scattered about, missing limbs. That\u8217\'92s because drag-bellies got to him. It takes a while for a drag-belly pack to eat a man full, and when you\u8217\'92re dying of thirst, weak as a babe, you\u8217\'92ll still be alive when they do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do not think that you do! A drag-belly\u8217\'92s venom stings worse than fire. It pulps the flesh. It\u8217\'92ll make your thighs look like brains and your brains look like spit. They have a hundred little teeth like needles. They just start }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 chewing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He punched Mandri in the shoulder, dead-armed him. Mandri gasped, then yelped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever pain you\u8217\'92re feeling now, it\u8217\'92ll be that multiplied by the stars. That\u8217\'92s when you learn how clever a drag-belly can be, because they won\u8217\'92t bite you in the neck or somewhere serious. They know how to keep you alive as long as possible to keep the meat fresh, like they\u8217\'92ve been trained by demons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, pleading. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry I joked about who kills who. I\u8217\'92m tired. I don\u8217\'92t want to be involved in any of this.\u8221\'94 He gestured broadly at reality. \u8220\'93If you could, leave me alone. Please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He began to hustle onwards, but Moto pulled him back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh no,\u8221\'94 Moto said, \u8220\'93you\u8217\'92re not getting out of this. Not even dying will get you out of this. See, I\u8217\'92m talking about pain, Mandri. I know what you\u8217\'92re thinking\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well you\u8217\'92re not thinking it yet, but you will be\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92re thinking that you can simply kill yourself before anything too painful happens, but you\u8217\'92re not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 thinking}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , thinking. I once left a boy like you buried in a mudpan near Fleet. Ask yourself, why would I do a thing like that?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto paused, as if to give Mandri a chance to answer, but as soon as Mandri opened his mouth, Moto charged on ahead, the tenor of his voice growing firmer, as if all of this was well rehearsed and he was just now getting into his favorite part.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Want a hint? I\u8217\'92ll tell you. If you can keep a man from bending at the waist, then he can\u8217\'92t bash his own head in. I once made the mistake of tying a man\u8217\'92s hands and ankles and nothing else, and you know what he did when he got bit by a red-backed drag-belly? He got down on his knees like a priest\u8230\'85then he bent back, face to the heavens like he\u8217\'92s caught in prayer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s what I thought he was doing\u8230\'85maybe he was\u8230\'85and then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 WHAM\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he swung forward and smashed his head against a rock. Cracked his skull open like a roasted nut.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As Moto said all this, he imitated the action, headbutting the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how to say this,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93actually, let\u8217\'92s start over. Ask me your questions. I will answer them to the best of my ability, and we can keep walking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I don\u8217\'92t care about that anymore,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll put that off to the side for now. What\u8217\'92s more important is that you said you were fine with dying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I never said that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can see it in your eyes. Your skinny neck. It\u8217\'92s unfortunate it goes this way, but now my job is curing you of that delusion. See, you\u8217\'92re supposed to be a Mazid, and you ever think about what makes a Mazid }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 good}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  at being a Mazid? Ever wonder why they chose you? Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. See, I know how to fix it. I know just what you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not burgeons, that\u8217\'92s for damn sure.\u8221\'94 He then called out to the two of the nearest Ayramun, who were a little ways ahead of them. \u8220\'93Hey! Chopper!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both men stopped and turned around. The bald one on the right was Chopper. Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s backpack was so big that he looked like a pack animal, his silhouette a bloated blob of burlap plopped atop two stick-skinny legs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop!?\u8221\'94 Chopper shouted back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto simply beckoned him with a wave, and Chopper came running. When he arrived, he looked at Mandri with thirsty eyes and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no. Well, maybe. Follow along and you may get to chop something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper nodded, and Moto led them both off the hump of the road and into the unsullied expanse of the Pitted Portion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri mulled his options. Moto seemed serious about teaching him a lesson, and since Moto was a well-adjusted man this probably involved inflicting pain. But there was nowhere to run\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well, there was everywhere to run, but nowhere he could get to without Moto getting to him first. He was completely at Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mercy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some hundred yards away was an outcrop of black rocks which looked unmistakably like a giant gore beetle, only each rock was the size of a cow. One round, smooth boulder was the beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body, and next to it was a slightly smaller boulder that looked like an upturned thorn\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the beetle\u8217\'92s horned head. Ringing around the base of these beetle boulders were several lizard pits. They were more like shallow pans than pits, as drag-bellies were not industrious creatures. Knocked into the base each pan was a single, egg-shaped hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were no lizards in sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mean they weren\u8217\'92t there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri supposed they were hiding in their dens because Moto had whooped his excitement as he led Mandri to one of the larger pits. The man crept up to that knee-deep crater like it might suddenly erupt. He then unsettled his heavy pack. Mandri unshouldered his meager one and let it drop without much care for what was in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s time,\u8221\'94 said Moto as he pulled a body\u8217\'92s length of rope from his pack. \u8220\'93In order for you to walk with us, you first have to care about what happens to your own skin. I mean, what got you biting burgeons in the first place? Was it a girl?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a girl, wasn\u8217\'92t it? Hold out your arms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t a girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto wrapped a figure eight of rope around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s elbows. \u8220\'93A boy your age gets upset and jumps into burgeons, it\u8217\'92s always about a girl. That, or he got beat too many times.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe what you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A man\u8217\'92s got to have a reason to be upset. Chopper gets upset when you don\u8217\'92t let him chop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper, who had been waiting patiently this whole time, perked up at the mention of his favorite word. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chop,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders sank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see?\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Sadness is cause and effect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right, you\u8217\'92re not sad, that\u8217\'92s not the right word. The right word is\u8230\'85it\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Moto looked up at the empty sky to search for inspiration. \u8220\'93I could never find the right word for what you are, probably because it hasn\u8217\'92t been made yet. What you are has escaped the notice of every poet who ever lived. See, I know what you are because I used to be like you, back when I first learned how a breaking heart was not a figure of speech. I remember how I couldn\u8217\'92t sleep for weeks, because if I closed my eyes and stayed still, I could }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 feel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the ripping. A bit like a drag-belly bite, now that I think of it. Then I went deeper in, and almost no one who goes to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  place comes back to tell of it, so it is as I said, the word for it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exist. But now look at me. That\u8217\'92s why you should count yourself lucky to have stumbled into us Ayramun. I\u8217\'92m the one person in this whole wide world who knows how to make you right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto motioned to Chopper, but Chopper was too busy salivating at the sight of the too-long length of rope left over from the knot tying Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94 asked Chopper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chop,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93I want you to hold the boy down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper, sullen, marched over and forced Mandri onto his ass. Mandri struggled a little, confused as to what, precisely, Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s herks and jerks were trying to achieve. But damn, the little bald man was strong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto pulled out another length of rope and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you make this difficult, I\u8217\'92m going to have Chopper take your uglies. Understand? Nod if you understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted, then set about tying Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ankles together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Something moved down in the lizard pit. A wide, shovel-like snout hovered out of the dark den entrance. It licked the air with a yellow, split-leaf tongue. Before it could get in a second scenting, another snout appeared. These two lizards jostled for position, then the newcomer got feisty and started a hissing argument. It lurched and bit the first lizard in the neck. A seething brawl erupted, and both beasts disappeared back into the den, scratching and clawing for the right to chew on whatever was lurking outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A wild, screeching hiss of pain sounded out, and the winner stuck its wide, froggish head out into the air. Its yellow, swiveling eyes worked over the three men, then settled on Mandri as though it knew he was the weakest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto tied the knot around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ankles tight, so tight that the ankle bones were bruised. He observed his handiwork with approval. \u8220\'93I need to prime you for what you\u8217\'92re about to experience, so\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he paused, uncertain of what to say. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to ask you a question, and I want you to think very carefully about it. I want you to treat this question as if it were a newborn baby, like you\u8217\'92re holding a newborn for the first time, understand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. Here it is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why did Solraheen create human beings?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did Solraheen create human beings?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did I say to blurt out the first thing that came to mind? I said to treat it like a newborn baby.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The drag-belly was now half-way out of its den. Its squat forearms were pushing it up as high as it could, so that its head could stretch up towards Mandri and smell his funk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It might help,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, \u8220\'93if you told me what this has to do with that lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I\u8217\'92m doing is giving you a problem to solve\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s a hint to the answer. Think about it, what is our purpose? Birds can fly better than anything else, fish can swim better than anything else, what can humans do better than any other creature?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Speak?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto bent down, hands on knees, so that his face was close to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. Eyes bright, he said, \u8220\'93I can see the way that you look at that lizard. You fear it. That drag-belly is a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 problem}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t it? It is a biiig problem. It is here and you can\u8217\'92t ignore it. You\u8217\'92re thinking about what you\u8217\'92re going to do when I throw you in that pit. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 what we do better than any other creature. Understand?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snout was getting close to the rim.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stood back up. He stood straight and proud, and declared, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Problem solving, Mandri! We were put on this awful earth to}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  solve problems}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Birds were made to fly, fish were made to swim, and you and I were made to fix any old thing which Solraheen didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care to fix to Himself. Now, you take a fish out of water, and what happens? It dies. You clip a bird\u8217\'92s wings and what happens? It becomes sad and helpless. If a man has no problems to solve, no practical problems, well, what happens to him? Don\u8217\'92t answer, the answer is obvious. That is what\u8217\'92s wrong with you, and to make things worse, you\u8217\'92ve filled your belly with burgeons, and when you do that you lose the ability to identify problems in the first place. So if you can\u8217\'92t even see problems to begin with, then obviously, you\u8217\'92ve got no problems to solve! You\u8217\'92re a man without }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 problems}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , Mandri, you ran away from them. I ran once, and it almost ended me.  For you, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s damned you into a Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Untie me,\u8221\'94 Mandri demanded. That lizard was getting close, and it was almost as big as he was. Its tongue was close to licking his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto simply stood there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri tried to scoot away from the pit, but Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot stopped him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92m going to do,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to pick you up and put you into a problem. I\u8217\'92m going to toss you into this pit with that drag-belly. Your instincts will kick in, and you\u8217\'92re going to try to get out of the situation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92re going to try to solve the problem. Because that\u8217\'92s just what we were made to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How am I going to fight off a lizard if my hands and legs are tied?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about that. I mean, you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 should }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 worry about it, but what I mean to say is, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to be alright in the end. If you throw a bird off a cliff, what\u8217\'92s it going to do? It\u8217\'92s going to fly. You\u8217\'92ll be flying before you know it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you tie up a bird\u8217\'92s wings, it\u8217\'92s not going to fly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted, then gave Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip a kick. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri rolled down into the pit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His sudden tumbling startled the drag-belly, and the big lizard spun around and scurried back into its hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet,\u8221\'94 said Moto, \u8220\'93that you got about half a finger before that lizard finds the courage to come back out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared at the black hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Think about what you need to do. Identify the problem. Assess your options.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The drag-belly emerged once again from its den. Its fat head weaved side to side. Its tongue tasted the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got to hurry,\u8221\'94 Moto said excitedly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lizard was a lumbering dolt. Its whole body swayed back and forth, giving Mandri a good view of its eponymous belly drag. Soon it was next to him. Its tongue flicked against his thigh. Its head swung back and forth as if to savor the wonder of this free and easy meal. But before it could bite, a loud bump sounded out of the lizard hole. Something down there grabbed the drag-belly\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tail and yanked the whole beast, hissing and clawing, back into the dark. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh-HOOOooo!\u8221\'94 Moto squealed. \u8220\'93You ever seen a drag-belly king, Mandri!? He\u8217\'92s got to be twice the size of that bastard you just saw. This will be good!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stared into that drag-belly den, and yes, he felt a little motivating fear, but he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to give Moto the satisfaction of fighting back. He\u8217\'92d died once before, maybe twice depending on what counted as dying, and by Sol, he\u8217\'92d do it again if it meant proving a point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rolled himself over to the den.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rolled around so that he faced it feet first, because somehow he thought having his feet chewed on would be preferable to his face. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 Moto asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m solving a problem,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, chuckling to himself. Then he peered past his shoes to meet his executioner. There was a shape swaying there in the shadows. A large shape. Twice the size of the first. There was a head there, oddly round, almost like a human head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re those ears?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two scaly human hands burst out of the hole and latched onto Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ankles. In one swift pull, Mandri was dragged down into the den until his waist plugged up the entrance. Those cold hands yanked again but were not able to break his hips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93AGH!\u8221\'94 Mandri screamed. \u8220\'93It hurts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beast crawled on top of his legs. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s long, taloned fingers poked out of the hole and started scratching at the packed mud, furiously trying to widen the entrance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wriggled, tried to free himself. He tried to kick, but with ankles tied he only flopped around. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A vise of fangs bit down above his knee and scratched the thighbone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93AGGGH!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto jumped down into the pit and grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flailing arms. He pulled. The creature lost its bite and caught Mandri\u8217\'92s ankles again. A furious tug of war ensued until Chopper joined the struggle, and together the two men heaved with all their frenzied might.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Out came Mandri, and out came those greedy, gray hands, human hands with lizard scales and claws. With another strained heave, Moto and Chopper pulled Mandri free and the beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snarling head burst forth into the light, a visage undreamed of, the product of some unholy miscegenation between a man and a drag-belly lizard. Its round skull was crested in bony ornaments. Its lips were draped in tuberculate scales, and its tongue, Sol\u8217\'92s Light, its long split tongue was flicking out of a hissing maw ringed all the way back with sharpened teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Its eyes were bulging yellow orbs, black slitted. These swiveled separately to fix both Moto and Chopper. They blinked, left eye first, then right, and as they did, those scaly lids squeezed those bulging eyes down into their sockets. When the blink was over they popped right back out again to focus on Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chopper!\u8221\'94 Moto shouted as he pulled Mandri free of the pit. \u8220\'93CHOP!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip was a silvered iron axe with a head that looked like a hand. He shouted a joyous, furious, \u8220\'93CHOP!\u8221\'94, and the lizard-man-thing shouted back a gargling hiss. Swinging spit flew out of its fang-studded throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The two leaped at each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper was faster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His axe slammed into the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bulging right eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The beast squealed in pain, then tore itself out from under Chopper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pinning blow. Chopper chased it back towards the den, and the beast disappeared, scrambling and screeching as it went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto untied the knot around Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrists by simply pulling on a loose bit of rope. He undid the knot around the ankles with similar ease. He used one length of this rope to improvise a tourniquet high up on Mandri\u8217\'92s left thigh, above where the creature had bitten. A nearby stick became a makeshift windlass to twist the tourniquet tight, and Moto twisted it so tight that the pressure was almost as painful as a wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that!?\u8221\'94 Mandri wailed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto locked the tourniquet in place with a sturdy knot, then sat down to catch his breath. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was a demon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A what!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t act all aggrieved with me. You didn\u8217\'92t even }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 try}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  to move out the way. You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 rolled}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  towards it!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri would have shrieked at the man, but the pain in his leg was several times more severe than his anger. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ach! God!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got yourself bit by a demon, Mandri. It\u8217\'92s going to hurt. It\u8217\'92s going to do more than hurt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It hurts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stood up and brushed himself off. He glanced to the distant east, as if someone would be there to help. Then he sighed, set his hands on his hips, and eyed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wound. \u8220\'93This is not good. Now this is a problem to solve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri rolled on his side to try and flee the tortuous pain, but that somehow made it worse. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol, help me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well, all we got is Chopper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94 Chopper asked, staring at Mandri\u8217\'92s leg.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted a laugh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I don\u8217\'92t think so. Pick him up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chopper jogged over, reached down, and the moment he touched Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s demon-bitten thigh to lift him up, a searing pain shot through Mandri\u8217\'92s whole body, and he fainted.}}