{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demons haunted the journey back through the temple. Their shadows lurked in every passage, spilled down staircases, hovered in the dark corners of rooms. One entire hall was packed with a paper-wasp demon hive, recently made; its cladding material\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 compacted layers of regurgitated flesh. It burned brightly in the fulgent light of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fire. He only wished the whole temple was made of similar stuff. The place was infested. The air was thick with distant thumps and mindless howls as demon ambushed demon. They tried to ambush Mandri, but he could see their Sparks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Vessels directly behind him shuffled along, short swords drawn, ganging up to kill whatever he missed. Their frazzled nerves testified to their desperation. This ascent would bring them out of danger, and to die now, after everything, would be a great tragedy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They kept their guard, kept their eyes focused, panting in the effort.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They amused Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why they amused him was a interesting question, but not one he could entertain because all his senses were strained. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t accustomed to the uncomfortable heat in his throat. There was an oddness to how his toes squeezed inside his shoes, how his palm tingled as he braced against the stonework, how his legs were light and moved without apparent effort. Most strange was his breathing; it felt and sounded like someone else\u8217\'92s. This farrago of sensations pushed him into an anxious malaise. But he needed to be inside his eyes, searching the dark for demon Sparks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He dispatched an enthusiastic lizard demon. It was no keenkedrin, but it did have a long body and long teeth. He watched it curl up against his heat. Its dying throes showed him why the Vessel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s extreme focus amused him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they feared completely different things than he did. They feared these demons. And what did he fear? His own growling stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He needed to eat. Given current events, that seemed like a sinful thing for him to do. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then there was Ayram. The giant gripped his spud-bar spear with a little too much purpose. He walked a little too far behind, careful to keep as many bodies between himself and Mandri as possible. Suspicion clouded his face. And he was silent; he did not say a word through the whole of the dark, not until they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d battled all the way up to the temple\u8217\'92s wide entrance hall. Solraheen\u8217\'92s golden mask still sat atop the exit, inviting them outside, but when the Vessels rushed towards it, Ayram growled, \u8220\'93No one leaves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Vessels stopped in their tracks, confused at the threat in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice. They turned to face him, saw his seriousness, then they all looked to Mandri, because if there was one last battle they needed to fight, he\u8217\'92d better be on their side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dear giant,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, nonchalant, \u8220\'93This is not the place to idle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one leaves,\u8221\'94 Ayram repeated. He met each man\u8217\'92s gaze to make sure they\u8217\'92d found his full meaning. When he was sure that they would all obey, he carried their attention to the middle of the room. The body of the green robed prince still lay there on its side. Ayram studied the dead man, then poked around the nearby ash pit with his long spear. \u8220\'93Someone light a fire,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93A big one. It will help keep the demons at bay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle walked to the opposite side of the firepit, picking his way around the small animal skeletons. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Might I suggest that we avoid any unnecessary hesitations?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s wood in a pile over there,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, nodding to a little alcove in the back of the hall. Moto moved to fetch a few logs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle cleared his throat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I ask why we should stay? Is this some bizarre ploy to ensure our safety?\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93We need to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are all perfectly capable of walking and talking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram grunted. He was staring at the lifeless prince on the floor. He turned to Mandri, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had been expecting this. Even now, he could see his own bright worldline extending out of his Spark to show how he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d sit down cross-legged by the firepit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He licked his teeth and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very good,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, annoyed. All things considered, Pyetle was handling this inversion of hierarchy well. Though he did make sure his Vessels understood they were still beneath him. He ordered them around, forced some of them to post up at both of the room\u8217\'92s exits. There was a bit of ruckus over who got to stand near the clean night air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto set a few logs down into the pit, careful not to kick up an ashy cloud. Ayram gave an impatient look to the Vessel who held the torch. Bidden, the man lent his fire to the logs. In a flash, the resin-rich wood was burning. It had a pleasing scent, seasoned as it was for Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pleasure. Moto set two more logs on top of the twisting flames, and now the fire was bright. Too bright, Mandri thought. It showed too much of the green robed prince. The man\u8217\'92s eyewhites were rusted red. The rigid brow gave them a look of torment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram sat down next to that look of torment. He bade Mandri to sit across from it, and Mandri did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anyone have anything to eat?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle took a pack of one of his Vessel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s backs and retrieved two small bricks of cappash from one of it. Cappash was a block of dried and minced lizard meat caked in yellowed fat. He handed one of these cappash bricks to Mandri. \u8220\'93You look like you need it,\u8221\'94 he said as he sat down on Mandri\u8217\'92s right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri accepted the offering. He nibbled on a corner, thinking there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be no taste, and at first there wasn\u8217\'92t. The second chew saw the meat\u8217\'92s smoky flavor percolate into being. It was not entirely unenjoyable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light, I\u8217\'92m tired,\u8221\'94 he mumbled in between mouthfuls. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose we could take some time to sleep? Perhaps take turns?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stole the other cappash brick out of Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, then sat down on Mandri\u8217\'92s left. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know a Mazid needed food,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not a Mazid,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled. \u8220\'93Not anymore. Schisol\u8217\'92s own shadow named him the Burshageet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stopped chewing. He eyed Ayram through the flames, hoping to find a joking smile. He saw only coldness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s quite the accusation,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he plundered a slab of hardtack out of his pack. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s worth remembering who it came from. I daresay that witch was not a trustworthy source of information. She did come screaming out of Shis, after all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Her words needs accounting,\u8221\'94 Ayram argued. \u8220\'93The boy\u8217\'92s stomach growls. Look at him eat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wringing hands had the hard cappash brick stuffed into his mouth. His teeth were sunk into its packed meat. It was all bit messy, slobbering as he was, but he was truly hungry and he could taste the fat. He pulled the brick out of his mouth and held it up for Ayram. \u8220\'93Did you want some?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram grimaced as though he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been offered human flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I suggest,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, adopting pious airs, \u8220\'93that we take stock of our situation? From where I sit, I see in Mandri a gift from Solraheen. I have faith that He\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen is dead,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled. \u8220\'93He has nothing to do with this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why does Mandri bear His fire? You all watched him turn back the hordes of Shis.\u8221\'94 Pyetle leaned forward, suddenly convicted by his own words. \u8220\'93He could kill us all, right this very moment, but he doesn\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He might.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle clicked his tongue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What crime has he committed to warrant distrust? He\u8217\'92s only ever saved our lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle shared a near neighborly look with Mandri as his question went unanswered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yet, Ayram stewed. The giant looked long upon the dead prince at his side. He seemed to find something in the prince\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s empty gaze. He glared through the tipping flames. \u8220\'93Mandri,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93give me a reason not to kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle chocked on a crumble of hardtack. Moto smiled at the gumption of it. A few vessels behind him chortled, wondering what in gods name was happening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, confused. \u8220\'93You want to kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if you want a reason not to, I feel like the fact that you\u8217\'92re still alive should do it. And why assume that you could kill me? I don\u8217\'92t think you can. Not that it matters, because I already know that you don\u8217\'92t want to kill me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, you don\u8217\'92t. You\u8217\'92re not going to kill me. Not tonight, at least. Perhaps tomorrow. I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disdain deepened. His face twisted up. Mandri felt he\u8217\'92d opened the door to whatever Ayram had been fearing. And now the giant\u8217\'92s face was as if about to say what he really meant to say. \u8220\'93That black witch disemboweled herself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes? And?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That witch had the deepest sight in all the world. Why would she kill herself? There is only one answer: she saw in you the means to finish her work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see what\u8217\'92s happening here,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. He shifted forward again, eager. His silver-ringed fingers tapped against his arm, as if tabulating prices. \u8220\'93Your witch, the old woman who was flattened by that red beast\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 excuse me, I meant no disrespect, but she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  flattened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was seer, no? I imagine you became accustomed to her fortune telling. Now that she is no longer here, you feel rudderless\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 again, no disrespect intended, but you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  forcing us all to sit here in this demon haunted tenement just to play party to your fears.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram glowered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s take }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 honest}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  stock of our situation\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he said, doubling Pyetle\u8217\'92s instruction and lacing it with venom. \u8220\'93All the gods are dead. That boy is the most powerful being in the world.\u8221\'94 He jabbed a strident finger in Mandri\u8217\'92s direction. \u8220\'93He has no limits! If he begins to eat, as the Burshageet eats, this world is doomed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle remained confident. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri is powerful,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93but like any Mazid\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and I say this, assuredly, with no disrespect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like any Mazid he can be overcome. Anyone can be caught surprised.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong,\u8221\'94 Ayram stated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will you elaborate?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot surprise someone who has the sight. He can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 see}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the threads of fate. As well, he can cut them! He has the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 sight}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The only way he dies, is if he desires it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle opened his mouth to speak, but concern shaded his face, and he subsided.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Ayram said with ominous effect, \u8220\'93When those demons were struck dumb in the comet\u8217\'92s chamber, that was Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are saying that he severed them from their fate?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As he can sever you from yours, or me from mine. We should guess that he has already done it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle regarded Mandri with uncertainty. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can predict the future?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can,\u8221\'94 Mandri said to him, smiling in embarrassment of his power. \u8220\'93I mean, I do not see far, but I do see it.\u8221\'94 He saw several white lines extending out of Sparks, strung across room, portending movement. \u8220\'93Those two Vessels there,\u8221\'94 he said, nodding to the the men standing guard against the temple exit, \u8220\'93one of them is going to be drawn towards us in a moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is he?\u8221\'94 Pyetle questioned. \u8220\'93What if I tell them both to go outside and stay there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see what I see,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle beckoned to the Vessel standing over his shoulder. The man leaned down to receive his order.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go tell those two by the exit to stand outside and stay there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Vessel nodded, then did as Pyetle commanded. When he delivered the message, one of the watchmen headed outside. The other\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bright worldline led towards the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light,\u8221\'94 Pyetle muttered as the man approached. \u8220\'93I told you to go outside!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted to thank you, sir\u8221\'94 the Vessel said meekly. \u8220\'93In case we\u8230\'85I don\u8217\'92t know, I felt like I needed to thank all of you while you\u8217\'92re here.\u8221\'94 He gave a respectful bow, and then gave another bow meant for Mandri alone. \u8220\'93I owe you my life,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, shooing the man away with stern glare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Vessel backed away, then hurried outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle bit his lip. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel like I\u8217\'92ve been tricked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of how I feel,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m as enmeshed in all of this as you are. This brick of cappash in my hand has a little bit of fate connecting it to my mouth. I am going to eat this cappash. Then I try to figure out how my own free will figures into it, and I can\u8217\'92t, because I didn\u8217\'92t put that thread of fate there, not knowingly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you cut that thread?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can, but\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mandri took Elrahet\u8217\'92s Black knife out of his robe. Its sudden appearance stirred whispers. \u8220\'93But what about these thoughts of mine? Desire itself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I can\u8217\'92t cut that. I mean, I can\u8217\'92t actively choose my wants, can I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle stroked his beard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want to know if the action of subverting fate, is itself, fated?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93None of this matters!\u8221\'94 Moto exclaimed. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s over. We\u8217\'92re done. Let it all burn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s worth exploring,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said brightly. \u8220\'93If all this is true\u8230\'85Mandri, try this: find a thread of fate which cuts another thread of fate, then cut that second-order thread. Cut out the act of cutting out. Do you catch my meaning?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think so,\u8221\'94 Mandri mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He breathed deeply to gather his focus. As he settled into the moment, he saw more threads of fate draw out of every surface. Each little hair described some small action before it happened; the rolling tap of Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers, the hip-shift of the Vessel behind him, the coming collapse of a burning log in the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stared at his knife, that shard of Fabled Black. No white threads grew out of its surface. This matched with his assumption that the Black stood outside of fate, purpose, and will. How else could it cut?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But, it was dangerous to assume.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stared hard at the knife. He immersed himself in the ways it devoured the firelight, even if its surface gleamed. Its edge was an absolute razor. The world blurred around it. Its hilt was alive; its mood, aggravated. It pinged his hand with a shock of grief. This dark feeling zipped into his chest. He tried to drop the knife, but his wants must have been someone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, for his grip suddenly tightened. Then, amazement: the knife and the hand holding it doubled, then tripled. These copies jittered before splaying out into a circular fan of hands holding knives, thousands of them, perhaps uncountable, all overlapping. He twisted his wrist, and all these blades turned together, a radial unfurling of the blackest flower with the sharpest of all possible petals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Laced around the deadly fringe he saw, or thought he saw, a web of translucent threads. He saw them flicker, or, he thought he saw them flicker. The weakness of his sight had them as ghosts. If they were truly there, then each blade was connected to every other, and if they were truly fate, then an infinite regress of effects acted out on an infinite regress of causes. He moved his infinite hands to cut these bindings, but each knife slipped past each thread to bend impossibly back around, a recursive swirl which severed themselves as well as the very notion of comprehensibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He gasped. The action of his lungs expanding sucked him back into his skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram,\u8221\'94 he said, a little woozy. \u8220\'93Did Elrahet see this end?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram set down his spear. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet never spoke of ends,\u8221\'94 he grumbled. \u8220\'93I do. This dead prince does.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri could see little white lines wriggling inside the prince\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin. These fates guided the lives of corpseworms and egg implanting flies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This prince is a sign,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93I did not see it when we first came through, but now it is clear as day. This young man was put here to show you what you need to do. His hunger overtook him but his courage was stronger. Yours must be stronger still.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stared at the gaping hole in prince\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s abdomen. A stomach once sat in that void, a stomach with a Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to do that,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ayram sighed. \u8220\'93You have the destructive power of god; without equal. But you are only a man, with none of Solraheen\u8217\'92s grace, or His benevolence. That hunger that you feel will only grow, and like any other creature, you will seek to justify it. One misstep will spin you into darkness. When that day comes, remember this prince. Carry him with you. When the hunger begins to take, remember his courage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want me to kill myself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. His deep voice seemed to crackle the fire. \u8220\'93I want you to fear yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he considered the flames. \u8220\'93I think I\u8217\'92m done surrendering to fear. Your fear on top of mine isn\u8217\'92t going to change that. I am }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . If I can come terms with that, you can too.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He chomped down on his cappash brick. He chewed with a sort of sighing ease to let Ayram know that this conversation was over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He spent the rest of the night listening to demon howls while the fire burned down to ash. There was a little conversation about Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plan to carry news of these events back to Jeket. Pyetle wanted to take Mandri along. Ayram was firmly against this, but he wasn\u8217\'92t for anything else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri, for his part, only smiled. He smiled at how Pyetle saw in him something between a god and a long-lost brother, how Ayram saw in him a demon, how Moto, still mourning Moteah, hardly cared about him at all. Never before had he meant such different things to different people. He smiled because it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bother him. He could be any of these things, and so long as these men existed beside him, he was more than them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The red of morning appeared outside. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I\u8217\'92ll go back to Meskalim,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I want to do something about a leech farm out there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Meskalimi leech farm?\u8221\'94 Pyetle decried. \u8220\'93Mandri, there are more substantial ills for you to fix. Come with me to Jeket and I will\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to do something about that damned farm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But there\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One thing at a time,\u8221\'94 Mandri sighed. \u8220\'93One thing at a time.\u8221\'94}}