{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Moto- I asked where my sister was, he did not say.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now that solraheen has returned all will be peace}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That was not solraheen- it was schisol - it let you live - it let you live too!}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -I hardly think schisol would have would have killed his own demons and let us live, no?}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Who is clicked their tongue???}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The twinkling sky above the crater\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s rim was a magnificent blue. The clean air was invigorating. He closed his eyes and took a deep, deep breath. Soreness wrecked his body. It would have bulled him over if he weren\u8217\'92t dwelling in his own periphery.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 clangerous panic}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wasn\u8217\'92t your witch a seer? You yourself said she chose this end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Now It had horns. It to be dealt with.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You think }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 he\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  the Burshageet?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Moto asked. \u8220\'93Not a chance. Besides, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter. Let it all burn. We are }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 done}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram grunted. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93This will not be finished until that boy is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, come on,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve done nothing to deserve that look. If it weren\u8217\'92t for me, you\u8217\'92d be dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you it weren\u8217\'92t for you, Elrahet would still be alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri scoffed, and for the first time \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t know that.\u8221\'94 }}