{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dear ___,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 INVINCIBLE DREAD is the first part of an epic three-part novel of literary fantasy. It is complete at 150,000 words. It is a propulsive fantasy plot that combines the drug-addled odyssey of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas\u8217\'92, with a horror-house rendition of, \u8216\'91The Bible\u8217\'92. It follows a disillusioned oil painter who has fallen in with a troupe of desert bandits who aim to save god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen, by the age of ten, could paint a portrait in oils that rivaled the old Jeketian masters. By the age of twenty, he was getting high on burgeons while wasting away on a barren farm with his scrawny ox named Gil. He supports his drug habit by giving painting lessons to a rich local mook, but this delicate arrangement is interrupted when a black robed woman visits his farm. She tells of an ancient prophecy, and she believes Mandrameen may play a part\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not to save the world, he\u8217\'92s to destroy it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She chases Mandrameen out of his wits and he winds up dead in the desert. His body is found by a band of no-ordinary bandits, for among them is a much friendlier witch who brings him back to life. These bandits are led by the manliest of all possible men, Ayram, and they call themselves the Ayramun. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s goal, he says, is to use the Mazid to strike a blow at the oppressive Hrkan Lords by killing the god of all creation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So begins Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s journey through the Sand, who fails through }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Constantly rejecting purpose and definitions by other people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Find}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Define his own.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Other people laying responsibility on him and he shirks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Someone needs to tell him what they think his purpose is in this final moment. She}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even this old woman who thinks she has it all figured out, doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have it all figured out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  tempts him with gods eye burgeons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He needs to rebel against that in the moment}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Involve seeing purpose - choosing a different path.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But gods do not die easily, and Mandri struggles to cope with both the neurotic bandits and the demons hiding in the ground. The Sand itself He is unsure of himself, unsure of everyone else, and unsure of the very nature of reality whenever he pops a God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeon. The only thing he is sure of is that he kind of wants to die.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bio: I am a graduate of Ringling College of Art and Design, and previously worked in the video game industry as a generalist (painting/sculpting/programming/design). I left the industry to pursue personal projects. Invincible Dread is one of these.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Struggles feeling like a pawn between played by both good and evil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is rebelling against man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose, but also gods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You may be an old and ancient, but I know more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are the gaburshegee}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The what?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Infertile ground. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The painter who doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to be a painter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Infertile ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 None can plant seed, not even a god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The flighty light of purpose. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Throws one of Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lucky rocks at Pell. No purpose}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re purpose, is to end it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look where your journey has brought you \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  you stand before the doors of Shis!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s time for you to}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Think about it, Mandri, I know you know.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What Elrahet did not tell , Solraheen brought him back down.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Demons swarm - Obo says run - they run, mandri doestoo, but he is drawn back. I dont care about these people. Would rather get fucked. Demons dont assault them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}