{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was a regular outlaw. Pyetle was sure. A thief of thieves who was being punished for his crimes in brutal frontier fashion. Pyetle figured he was being shown a warning: this is what happens when you cross the Ayramun. Disobey, or lie, or cheat, or steal from us and we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll slice you up and toss what\u8217\'92s left into a hole. No quick deaths. There will be pain. Pyetle thought it was a little dramatic. No need for it really, not for him. He wasn\u8217\'92t out there to try and make a little something for himself. The Ayramun had nothing to worry about. Not from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle tried to sleep but as soon as he closed his eyes he struck with visions of that foul creature squirming around right next to him. That was no good for easing into sleep. So Pyetle kept his eyes open and stayed ready to defend himself if necessary. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what that near-corpse of person could do. Without hands it would wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to wrestle if it came down to it. No, the thing Pyetle was most concerned about was the thing bleeding all over him, and it was infected blood, clearly, that white pus had flakes of brackish yellow and green.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle tried to piece together a story about his cell-mate from the little details. First was there was the fact wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a wrinkle anywhere on man\u8217\'92s skin. And it wasn\u8217\'92t really a man\u8217\'92s frame. It could be a woman\u8217\'92s, skinny and swervy as it was. Pyetle couldn\u8217\'92t be completely sure because the light didn\u8217\'92t go down below the navel. But there weren\u8217\'92t any tits. So Pyetle went with boy. Scrap the man. This wasn\u8217\'92t a man. Men had hair everywhere, and there wasn\u8217\'92t a single hair on this one\u8217\'92s chest, no happy trail, not even a tuft of fine hair rambling down his arm, though being caked in blood made it was difficult to tell. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle could put most people to a place just by the color of their skin. In his long life he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been to the major cities of the world. He\u8217\'92d been up north to the port of Zosa where the black folk held dominion. He\u8217\'92d been to the southern isles at Hra\u8217\'92aki where the white Hrkkans bundle up in furs against the cold. He\u8217\'92d been everywhere in between. From North to South, the colors of humanity had a mixing logic to it. Pyetle\u8217\'92s first instinct was to say that this boy was Hrkkan, but he was too pale even for a Hrkkan, too pale even for a Hrkkan shut in from the sun. Almost translucent. There were visible veins under the skin, not just on the underside of the arm but running all the way up it, and running across the chest and into the neck, spidering everywhere.  By the logic of skin this fellow must hail from somewhere even colder than Hra\u8217\'92aki. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If he spoke then Pyetle was sure he could place him. Whereas skin is sometimes unreliable, accent always proves the picture. Pyetle found himself hoping the boy would wake up, that he might hear him speak, provided of course that his tongue hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been pulled out with a pair of iron tongs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the boy didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make a sound. Not a whimper or a sob or an agonized moan. It was complete silence there in the cell, save for the faint echo of dripping water somewhere  outside in the cave. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as Pyetle was beginning to wonder how close this creature was to death, the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body convulsed and he threw a coughing fit. Blood and spittle flew. A few drops landed on Pyetle\u8217\'92s feet. He wiped them off on the rock .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  When it was over, Pyetle heard the poor wretch wipe his lips with the pitiful stump of his arm. Pyetle expected the thing to whimper and sob after such a brutal wracking, but the lad simply lay his head back down against the rock and sighed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Pyetle noticed that the hairs on his own arms and legs were pricked right up. There was something in the air now, something his primal self could sense but he himself couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s when he saw that the young man\u8217\'92s eyes were open, wet orbs there in the darkness, looking, Pyetle assumed, right at him. Where else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were searching him over, studying him. Pyetle returned a weak smile, but felt foolish when he realized that he was sitting in the shadow and the young man probably couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see it. They were just sitting there, the two of them, staring at each other in an uneasy bond of silence.}}