{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A chapter where gugi lures Mandri with burgeons to meet Pell. Intoxicates mandri - switch POV to Gugi where he meets with Pell. They do something to Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gugi - why him?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pell - get over yourself. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re a simpleton. The divine plan which the world. YOU????}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the gods created man he let death be his lot, eternal life. SHould have bed a wench and snotlings and then you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be set.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first leg of the journey was an easy hike to a clump of hills set in the hazy north. Those hills, Mandri was told, were called the Sand hills, and at a pilgrim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pace it\u8217\'92d be a whole day\u8217\'92s journey from Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Ayramun didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t march at a pilgrim\u8217\'92s pace. They kicked up dust because they had to keep up with Ayram\u8217\'92s rangy stride.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One person outpaced Ayram: Seb. Seb had evidently never heard that quip about life being about the journey, because he charged ahead with the grim determination of a man who wanted it all over with as soon as possible. He did not talk, he did not look up from the spot of ground a few feet in front him, and when everyone else took pause to water, he did not stop. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take long for Seb to be out a few miles ahead, and he never once looked back, and nobody else yelled out after him to wait.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind him, far behind him, marched Ayram, and giant as Ayram was, his pack was even bigger. So much was hanging off it, that Mandri could only see him from the calves down. And there was his right arm, which metered out the miles with his spud bar casually thupping the sand as he went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Close behind Ayram, lagging just behind like a pup, was Moto. Moto had come out of Minting Rock as if he were never there, for he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d taken pause to beat the dust off his bright orange robe, he\u8217\'92d even treated Mandri\u8217\'92s blood stain on the shoulder with a watery brown ointment that he kept in a blue corked bottle. His pack was much smaller, at least Mandri could see his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few meters off Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heels, was Mandri. Mandri spent the hours trying to listen in on Ayram and Moto\u8217\'92s conversation. He couldn\u8217\'92t catch their words cleanly, but he could gather the gist of them from Moto\u8217\'92s excited expressions. The man clearly had his own ideas about how to best capture another Mazydariga, and he\u8217\'92d engaged his hands and shoulders into the effort of convincing Ayram the truth of it. To be sure, he kept a respectful tone, but it seemed to Mandri that all the moving parts had Ayram flummoxed. The pack of that was Ayram did rarely more than grunt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah and Purl picked up the rear. They were making sure that Elrahet didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lag behind. To Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes, Elrahet didn\u8217\'92t look at all like she needed their help. She had set off from Minting Rock at a steady pace and, as far as Mandri could tell, she never wavered. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She has desert legs\u8221\'94, is what Moto had said when Mandri asked about it. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t know what \u8216\'91desert legs\u8217\'92 meant until that evening, after they\u8217\'92d crossed a good chunk of the distance, and the red clay gave way to a softer pink sand. That sand gave the surface a little give, and that give set his calves to burning, and that burn ramped up quickly. Mandri wanted to stop walking, sit down, and dig his palms into the muscle to rub it out, but he didn\u8217\'92t dare for fear of looking weak next to an old woman.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every time he glanced behind him, sure enough, Elrahet was there, a waddling bundle of rags. Packless. Mandri wondered if that wide-stepped waddle was easier on the legs, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do it, because nobody else was. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The pain was worse in the right leg because Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s poultice was still working its magic into his left, making it halfway numb. He could bear it, though. His legs would be sore come the morrow, but he could bear it. What he couldn\u8217\'92t bear was the weight of Mazyd Obo. The straps holding up Obo\u8217\'92s litter dug into his shoulders. The problem was that Mandri didn\u8217\'92t really have shoulders or even a neck. He had a gormless strip of muscle lounging atop his collarbone, so when the thin straps bit down, it squeezed right through and bruised the bone itself. Mandri kept trying to shift the straps around, to try to distribute the pain, but after a while, all the spots along his shoulders were tender. The only way he could find relief was to dig his fingers up under the straps, and let them take the burden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It still hurt, though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only grace given to him was that when the pain worst, the sun was low in the sky and the heat had disappeared, and in those twilight hours the desert sand took on a such a vivid shade of pinkish-orange as such he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never seen, and it was set against the complementary blues of the sky, the vapors directly above a purplish periwinkle, and nearer to the horizon, the pastel blue of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was paralyzingly beautiful, and if Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d be literally paralyzed by pain, he would have stopped to appreciate it. Instead, he kept on marching and occupied his mind with the problem of how to make such a color, that pinkish-orangeish-pink. He\u8217\'92d have to scour the earth for a thing so saturated with color. He\u8217\'92d have to have money, he\u8217\'92d have to build his own studio, fund a man who knows pigments and hire some poors to go out looking. The earth would have to be scoured for some plant unguent or a bright bird-beak that could be crushed into a powder. Some speckled lizard scales approached the right intensity of color, but they made for unreliable pigments because each lizard scale is never quite the exact same color, and they didn\u8217\'92t hold the oil well anyways, always suffering from dye rot and come out, after a number of years, would make the painting look like it had been dipped in a vat of iron dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were strategies to approach such a color if it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be made. An impression of a saturated pink can be produced by first painting a strip of the most vivid red, let it dry, and then take a beaten brush, with the horse-hairs all askew, and then dip its tips in white and sort of scrape it, stipple it, over the red. When viewed from a sufficient distance, the red and the white kind of blur together there on the canvas. It\u8217\'92s not quite the same as if the pink were pure, but it something that people did, with varying degrees of success.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t go in for it. It was either use the right color, or damn it all to Shis.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God, this fucking hurts,\u8221\'94 Mandri moaned. By now he\u8217\'92d used up every joint in his fingers to take the weight of the straps. He could feel his fingernails throbbing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re almost there,\u8221\'94 Obo said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could you possibly know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, at some point, you\u8217\'92re going to come to appreciate my perspicacity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perspicacity?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a big word, isn\u8217\'92t it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, right now, there\u8217\'92s nothing about you that I appreciate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not my fault that I can\u8217\'92t walk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but you\u8217\'92ve got this nagging way about you. If you\u8217\'92re gonna talk, you could at least give some, I don\u8217\'92t know, some encouragement.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did say that we\u8217\'92re almost there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gave a tired, stressed laugh, and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t pursue the conversation. He didn\u8217\'92t want to ask how Obo knew they were stopping soon. He probably overheard some whispered conversation. Maybe he was just putting two and two together, because it didn\u8217\'92t take extra-sensory perception to see that Sand Hills looming large some few hundred yards away. But Mandri figured their little caravan wouldn\u8217\'92t stop when they got there. It was likely they would be walking long into the night, even through the morning, when heat was reasonable, and then they\u8217\'92d nap through the long midday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t long after that they came into the Sand Hills, which Mandri thought were aptly named, for they were halfway sand dunes, and halfway dirt hills. They were steep, and the tallest ones were a good four times Ayram\u8217\'92s height. Their slopes were It was russet dirt and rough black boulders looking like overgrown coconuts, with trails of red sand spreading out in their wind shadow, and all of it looking purplish now that the sun\u8217\'92s light was fading and the starry night was setting in. Mandri looked behind and saw that he\u8217\'92d left plant life behind a while ago and hadn\u8217\'92t noticed it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thankfully, he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to climb up any of these hills, for Ayram led them through the shallow valleys. Seb had long since disappeared, and just as Mandrameen began to consider how easy it would be to get lost in this lifeless maze of criss-crossing valleys, they came upon the smallest desert temple that Mandrameen had ever seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He would have squealed in surprise if he weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bone-dead tired.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was quaintest thing, barely more than hut, just a single square room with four sand-blasted walls of rough-hewn granite bricks. It had a dome roof of baked clay, and set atop it was a stand-up sculpture of petrified wood, a smooth, vertical pole, and at the top, a coronal splay of twigs - a sign of the Old Jandri religion. One of the old religions, anyways. Mandri knew that religion back then was better understood as a loose amalgamation of vaguely similar beliefs. He knew it, because that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what it said in a book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He also knew that there wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be enough room for all of them inside that little temple. If they wanted to fit, it would be standing room only, with Ayram right in the center, his scalp scraping the dome.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Mandri wondered if there might be something inside it. That was a tantalizing thought. As he approached, he peered inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was nothing but Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The swarthy man popped out of the temple\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow and into the evening air, and his bush of a beard was stretched into a self-satisfied grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Took you long enough,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram dumped his large pack next to the temple door, and everyone else followed suit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was careful to get rid of Obo, and then he looked around for a good spot to sit. He knew it was too much ask for a temple of any size to have a chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should keep going,\u8221\'94 Moto said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shook his head and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll rest for a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long is a while?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could keep going,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. It was the most boldfaced lie he\u8217\'92d ever told, and he\u8217\'92d said it with a perk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93And unless any of you want to carry me, I\u8217\'92m stopping for a good long while.\u8221\'94 With that, she waddled into the little temple, and Purl followed after her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stretched his wide back and yawned as he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve spent too much time in the sun these past few days,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why we should keep going. Press on until the sun comes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re on a good pace,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb agreed with Moto, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re only a days out from Minting Rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, \u8220\'93but I\u8217\'92m four days out from solid sleep.\u8221\'94 He then picked up his bag, and brought it into the temple with him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stuck his head inside the threshold, and was surprised to find it empty, save for a hole in the middle of the floor. It was a perfectly circular hole, and flickered like a kiln, for Ayram and the others were down inside with a fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb pushed on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back and said, \u8220\'93Hurry up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s it does look like?\u8221\'94 Seb said with rhetorical force. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a hole in the ground. Now move it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked down into the hole. The ground wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t too far away, maybe as far as he was tall, so he jumped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His feet were the first things to realize that the ground was much further away than he imagined. All the body\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limbs have that special intelligence, that autonomous system of expectations which accounts for the all world\u8217\'92s surfaces, but the feet are usually the first to find the missing, like when stepping down uneven stairs. When solid ground isn\u8217\'92t there, there\u8217\'92s that brief moment of hysterical fear - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such as it was, Mandri hit the dirt hard and his tired legs crumpled under the impact. He fell forward, chest thumping ground like an old sack of potatoes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The giant looked down at Mandri in surprise, and muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What in the world?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice came from raining down from up above, \u8220\'93You know there\u8217\'92s a ladder, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri rolled over and saw the ladder he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been too tired to notice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was, however, too tired to feel any kind of embarrassment, though that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop Seb from laughing at him. It wasn\u8217\'92t a bully laugh, it was that kind of laugh that\u8217\'92s simply impossible to suppress whenever someone suffers a bout of unintentional physical comedy. Little vignettes of a human being breaking donw. Seb was laughing and shaking his head the whole while he descended, his boots clacking on the ladder\u8217\'92s rungs, and when he got ground level he looked Mandri and said, \u8220\'93I know exactly what you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He needs rest,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, sure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram reached down, picked Mandri up, and set him on his feet. He played at dusting off Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders, then told him to go lay down on near the fire in the center of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Night gets cold out here,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gathered his wits and walked over to the fire, then laid down, laid down right on the ground, faced the fire, head resting on his fist, and tried to sleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first thing to wake him up was all the bustling Ayramun. They made little effort to spare his fragile slumber. Shuffling feet, mumbling voices, a pointed laugh here and there. Moto and Ayram were sitting nearby, planning the next days journey. Mandri wondered walking could be, just too tired to care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The second thing to wake him was when they laid Obo down next to him. When Obo saw him looking, he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only two-hundred thousand steps to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s two-hundred thousand steps until Ullr.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, closing his eyes again. Then he wondered aloud, \u8220\'93How many have we done already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About twenty-thousand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How you know that?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, already half asleep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There wasn\u8217\'92t much else to do but count,\u8221\'94 Obo said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The third thing to awaken him was his own damn body. By then it was almost completely dark, for the fire had burned itself down to a tumble of coals. All the Ayramun had settled down, and so all was quiet. The air was cool, and yet still, Mandri was burning up. He was drenched in a feverish sweat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stood up, fanned his robe against his sweaty skin, and once he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d cooled down enough, he lay back down. His body was wrecked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His legs ached, his back was sore, his shoulders felt shredded. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how bad his feet had had it until he unwrapped and kicked off his shoes. The heels were blistered, and his toenails were bruised to nearly bleeding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From then on, what sleep he managed to get came in spurts. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d rest for a few minutes, and then he\u8217\'92d wake up sweating again. This back and forth sent Mandri\u8217\'92s mind into a fitful state of near delirium, and his mind was unmoored, fugue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then a faint whisper, audible just above the heavy breathing of the Ayramun, stirred Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s listless mind. \u8220\'93Mandri?\u8221\'94 a voice said close by, \u8220\'93You awake?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri opened his eyes to see who it was, but of course he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see at all, for it was still pitch black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything is throbbing,\u8221\'94 Mandri groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The voice got nearer still, just above his ear. Mandri could smell the breath, a strange hint of leafy mint. The voice said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know just what you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need burgeons,\u8221\'94 Seb whispered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears perked up. \u8220\'93You have burgeons?\u8221\'94 he whispered back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shhhhh,\u8221\'94 Seb said, keeping the shushing going as he leaned away. Then Mandri heard his soft footfalls recede into the darkness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on!\u8221\'94 Seb said softly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need more prodding to get up and go after burgeons, so he jumped up, picked his way around the lumpy shapes of sleeping people - or maybe they were packs - and he followed Seb into a tunnel that he did not know was there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He truly couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see anything. He followed Seb by following the sounds of his footsteps, which at first light, but once they were , Seb\u8217\'92s heels were clopping like a horse. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri thought they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be just bumble around a bend or two so they wouldn\u8217\'92t have to whisper, but Seb kept going, and going, and the hall swerved , and every now and then they had to stumble down a short flight of steps. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are we going?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. His voice sounded ominously close there in the darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve a fire just up ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shortly after they took a right turn and stepped into a fire-lit room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This room was a dome of natural stone, and in the opposite end, there was what looked like an entrance to a cave. In the middle of the floor was a fire, and next to it, there was a chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A thin, square, lacquered wood frame with a seat of suspended red cloth, with a back to match. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look like the most comfortable thing to Mandri, it was too small and straight-backed to lounge in, but it was a beautiful sight nonetheless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb was walking towards it. Soon he had his hand on the skinny armrest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could I sit in that chair?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb ignored him, sat down, and smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my burgeons, my chair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked around for something else to sit on, but the room was empty except for soot staining the ceiling, so he sat cross-legged on the floor next to Seb and the fire. He pushed on his knees with his elbows to stretch his groin, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Already sore?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m pretty sore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remind me to give you some borcandi spines tomorrow. I\u8217\'92ve got plenty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are borcandi spines?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb leaned back in his chair and fished a green thorn out his robe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pocket. Mandri thought it was a menacing thing. Its tip was colored red, like it\u8217\'92d already .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You chew \u8216\'91em,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Keeps you alert. And if you swallow the juices it works the soreness right out of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb popped the borcandi spine into his mouth and got to chewing. The first few chomps were accompanied by a horrible crunchy squelch, like he was biting down on a beetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t really have the jaw for it,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93I mean, look at your jaw. Have you ever eaten meat?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sighed, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve eaten a lot of burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. Right,\u8221\'94 Seb said as reached back into his robe. He fished around for a moment more, and the pulled out a leather pouch, not too dissimilar to the one that Sob used to hold his lucky rocks. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb dangled this pouch up to the firelight and chuckled. Mandri smiled too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, You\u8217\'92re a burgeon man?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons are the only thing that make life worthwhile.\u8221\'94 He smiled, as if Smiling, but entirely serious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wha-ho! You\u8217\'92re in luck, then. Look at what I\u8217\'92ve got here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb reached into the pouch with two dirty fingers, pinched the stem of one the burgeons, and pulled it out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Call it God\u8217\'92s Eye.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had never seen a burgeon look quite as large, or as juicy, as God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye. And he could write a treatise on burgeons and burgeon bushes. He knew that some things are called burgeons that really aren\u8217\'92t, and so he wondered if these God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons were burgeons at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What a burgeon is, in short, is an intermediate stage between a flower and a fruit. This stage is called the burgeon, and only burgeon bushes go through it. The final fruit looks something like a strawberry, with seeds dotting the exterior, only they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re purple like a plum. The burgeon looks like a little capsule of hardened leaves, not too dissimilar to the scales that protect most flowers when they\u8217\'92re still in the bud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To get the plumpest, most potent burgeons, and to get more of them, one has to water-stress the plant. This means that it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s best to drip-feed the bushes on irrigation water, and one should put the crop in the rain shadow of a mountain so that rain doesn\u8217\'92t interfere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri always thought that there was some spiritual significance in the fact that if he made the plant suffer a little, then it would produce more flowers. The parallel is right there for taking, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s so obvious, that if there were a few more example like it, Mandri would call it one of Creation\u8217\'92s themes. Suffering bears richer fruit. He could be put right next to the notion that God creates things which create themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not too much suffering, of course. Withhold too much water and the fruit just doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grow at all. The suffering has to be planned out far in advance, measured and . And these God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons were so plump that they were almost round. The bushes they\u8217\'92d come from had to have been subjected to strictest regimen of suffering so as to push out burgeons that ridiculous. If the right kind of suffering is what makes a holy man, then these God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons were saints.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92d you find those?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb spun the burgeon around, let the light play on the waxy exterior. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absurd, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri reached out to take it, but Seb clutched it close to his chest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92d give it to you for free?\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85Yeah\u8230\'85 I mean, I don\u8217\'92t have anything to give you. I\u8217\'92m not going to suckle your teet or anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bushy brow went cross, and he said, \u8220\'93You have a perverted mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was joking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure you were\u8230\'85. I know what they get up to in cities. It\u8217\'92s one debauchery after the next. One craven excess after another.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are we doing down here? Why couldn\u8217\'92t we just eat the burgeons back up there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re down here to get away from Ayram. He don\u8217\'92t much care for burgeons. Liable to slit our throats if he gets a whiff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went wide, and when Seb saw them he laughed. \u8220\'93He wouldn\u8217\'92t actually slit our throats,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92d just be disappointed, is all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s good. I wouldn\u8217\'92t want to be on Ayram\u8217\'92s bad side.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He only has the one side.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The good side?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85 Ayram is Ayram. Nothing else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded like he understood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb gave a satisfied smile, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just communicate some sage wisdom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93How do you like your burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Any way I can get them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb rolled his eyes at that, and he lolled his chin like he wanted to say something mean but stopped himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re just like that Mazyd,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Can never answer a question straight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did answer it straight,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93I just don\u8217\'92t have a specific preference. I\u8217\'92ll take them crushed, boiled, stewed, crumbled in eggs, dripped over bacon, pressed into beer\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you had to choose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, one time I made a burgeon tea and the boofed it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boofed it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poured it into my ass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s disgusting!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, that\u8217\'92s probably the best way to do it. I wouldn\u8217\'92t call it my preference, but it is most efficient that way. You only need, like, a quarter of the usual amount to get the same effect if you boof it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are disgusting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is this disgusting? It\u8217\'92s the way we were made. Solraheen didn\u8217\'92t put a second mouth inside our butts without a reason. You ever think of it like that? I mean, if I were designing human beings, I wouldn\u8217\'92t mix up the piping like that, but it is what it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb continued to stare at Mandri with an ever-deepening frown. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything, though, and Mandri took that silence to mean acceptance. Begrudgingly given, but acceptance nonetheless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things are made to be used.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s still disgusting,\u8221\'94 Seb Said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I agree that it\u8217\'92s disgusting, but it is also an option. And honestly, you should seriously consider it. We\u8217\'92d have to make funnel of some kind\u8230\'85 but think about it like this, we\u8217\'92re still nine days out from Ullr, and how long are those burgeons going to last us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Us?\u8221\'94 Seb asked accusingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, okay, fine, how long will they last you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is God\u8217\'92s Eye, Mandri. It doesn\u8217\'92t take much to split open a stomach. Half a sliver of a stem would do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb pulled a dagger from his waistband, scabbard and all, then leaned forward and removed the blade from it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sheath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold out your hand,\u8221\'94 He said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just hold it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Normal people don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give their hands to a grungy man holding a blade. Mandri, in the state he was in, with those juicy burgeons just laying there on the flor, had no choice. He held out his hand, and Seb grabbed his wrist, then pushed it against the floor and stepped on it with his foot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We want to make sure none of it goes to waste,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He then put one of the burgeons in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. It rolled around in his palm, and then settled onto his fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb reached down and held the burgeon steady. The blade cut through it like wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even there. Then Seb pulled away, pulled the burgeon away, and all that was left in mandri\u8217\'92s hand was a few dewy drops of a cloudy pale-green sap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb held the blade out towards Bandri. Stuck to it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge was a thin sliver of burgeon. Mandri peeled it off, and then popped it in his mouth and swallowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sap, too,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri liked his fingers dry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Seb whipped out a little glass bottle, plopped the bleeding burgeon into it, and then tucked it away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri eyed Seb with some suspicion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You aren\u8217\'92t having any?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sometimes, people have a bad reaction to God\u8217\'92s eye. It\u8217\'92s best if I play minder for a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet I\u8217\'92ve consumed more burgeons than any man alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just sit back and watch the fire. We\u8217\'92ll know soon enough how you handle it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stared at the fire and waited for the burgeonsight to kick in. God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye burgeons should give him a god\u8217\'92s sight. Or were they called that because they were so round that they looked like eyes?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long is this going to take?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Varies. Depends on the person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know I wonder if the mazydai are affected by burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want to try? See what happens? Maybe it will help with the whole mind-control thing Purl\u8217\'92s working on. Soften him up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t waste a good God\u8217\'92s Eye on an evil creature like a Mazyd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Evil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t seem so evil to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen a Mazyd roast a child on a spit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Riiiiight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw it with my own damn eyes! It ran an iron shaft the width of my arm right through the little boy\u8217\'92s throat and\u8230\'85 and then two smaller ones to pin the arms and legs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb screwed up his face as he said it, and his cheeks flushed, and his were nearly .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would a Mazyd do that?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who can say but one who is evil? Can you think of a good, virtuous reason to do that? Try and make one up. I sure can\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri paused for a moment and pretended to think. He wanted to think of a reason, but the burgeon juice was starting to work its magic. The flames of the fire were starting to slow right down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He so he just said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now hold on,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93You do understand that the Mazydai are evil, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, sure, they\u8217\'92re evil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, nah, nah. No. You think that Mazydobo upstairs is good, don\u8217\'92t you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85 Look, aren\u8217\'92t I allowed to reserve judgment? You say you\u8217\'92ve seen some things, I\u8217\'92ve seen other things, I mean I can only really go on my own experiences. I mean, Obo\u8217\'92s annoying as Shis, but eeeevil?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen a Mazyd burn an entire nation to the ground.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shrugged his shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t shrug your shoulders at that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, come on,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93You know what they say\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do they say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s always\u8230\'85 two sides to every story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two sides!? TWO sides!? Tell me, what\u8217\'92s the other side to ten thousand people dying in a flash?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ohhh, shit,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, and he lay back on the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s an obvious evil staring you in the face, and you refuse to see it because of some stupid old rashsifim ajsdgu suj\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri could no longer make sense of Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words. The rock walls were folding around him, stretching past him, and if he looked up at the soot-stained ceiling, he vivid sensation of falling upwards into it, imperceptibly at first, but soon enough the rock at the sides began to stretch, and the soot-stain began to congeal into a bottomless abyss. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The strange thing about this whole experience was that the movement of the rock did not flow like in every other burgeon-sight, no elegant smoothing in and out, no sense of natural timing that one normally associates with God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bush. It was like the he was being summoned up into the depths of the cosmos by some capricious deity who liked to play with his food before he ate it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His limbs could sense movement, even though he knew there was none. There was a lightness in his chest, almost like his torso was in a perpetual state of being lifted off the ground. Mandri floated on the ground, and his mind was scrambling to keep an even keel, measuring out light years per second}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then came color, oozing out of the ceiling abyss like swirled ink, a dark and impenetrable blue, at first, then as the , it shifted through to purple and kept going, settled into a deep, suffocating Red. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t light, it was color given substance, and it flooded down onto Mandri, adhering to his skin, down onto the fire, sticking to the dancing flames, dampening their movement. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Color continued to pour out the ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. There was no reply. The color poured down, filling out like a fog, until all edges seemed to merge into each other, and soon Mandri could not tell where his. He tried to hold focus by reading out the distance measurements from his console, committing them to memory - but the apparent melting of the display just magnified the sensation of his mind\u8217\'92s disassembly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beyond this point, Mandri could not construct a coherent sequence of events. There were shapes, patterns, eyes. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d slipped into an unfamiliar psychedelic trance in which static and moving things merged into a third state, the ___ in which the artificial construction of reality that occurs within the brain begins to atrophy. Mandri just sat there like a newborn, wide-eyed, a sense-organ with no memory, only .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, my Lady.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Pell! Dun, dun DUN!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}