{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He is against consensus. The more we reach consensus, the more we are under the secret and hidden constraints of totalizing meta-narratives. He thinks that Habermas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 project of founding a moralizing choices reached on consensus is based upon something that is totalitarian and modernist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91\u8217\'92\u8217\'92\u8217\'92He is firmly against categorization, which puts him firmly in the anti-establishement category\u8217\'92\u8217\'92\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now that these meta-narratives are gone, what do we replace them with? If legitimzation relies on grand narrative, then it is not possible. But how is it possible to criticize political life without making some kind of affirmation? There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s some double-dealing here - relentless negation, with soft, circmscribed commitment to some kind of positive affirmation. He has not figured out how we go about affirming propositions about politics and ethics and so on}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Wittgenstein - language games - language doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the tools to be able to explore truth values. Instead we have overlapping language games - pragmatic interaction between the two. So Lyotard\u8217\'92s focus on little narratives as opposed to grand narratives reinforces the message that there is no essence to language, only a set of social pragmatics. This undermines the claims of positivism as a universal standard, a universal litmus test by which we judge the communication.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In trying to generate a consensus, you are forcing a totalitarian, stultifying, uncreative myth on people who really have no grounds for generating this consesus. Consensus defies jsutice. Prevents alternative kinds of speech and thought from proliferating and blooming. If you are in possession of the absolute truth the ultimate glyph of reality, then that means you should cut no one any slack because that means that other people can only be mistaken and wrong. That is what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been wrong with western culture since the time of plato. All totalitarian discourses gesture at silencing all other discourses. They are \u8216\'91terroristic\u8217\'92.  Habermas\u8217\'92 attempt to resurrect \u8216\'91human rationalism\u8217\'92 is complicit in the totalitarian discourses of the modern age. Lyotard wishes to lead us out of that wilderness towards a domain of human freedom. A land where we resist the totalitarian inclination to silence the other, silence the differend. The more you undercut these human discourses, the more you truncate the human domain of freedom and the creative breakthroughs of tomorrow.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It is a philosophy of resistance, a philosophy of negation. It resists and negates the modernist tendency to subsume all thought under one aegis.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A new goal for political life - to maximize difference. To celebrate diversity. Diversity is an intrinsically good thing, and the more of it you have, the better it is. Any attempt to restrict this, to silence someone who is generating an alternative discourse, is to terrorize that person. It is an unjust and oppressive activity. This is a discourse which legitimizes a philosophy of difference. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t use one of these language games as a priveleged position from which to judge all the others. They\u8217\'92re all on the same level. We\u8217\'92re stuck here on the earth with finitude, contingency, an infinite number of mutually irreconcilable language games.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Citicizes systems theory. Hates deterministic. Modernizing, totalizing, meta-narrative. There is a hidden agenda built in - legitimizing performativity. Performativity is the value that is built into advanced capitalism. Maximum output for minimum input. An ideology of efficiency. All capitalistic systems operate this way. The efficiency is intrinsically rational, and self-justifying. Lyotard says its not - its an ideological construct which can only be taken seriously as a totalizing meta-narrative. Perfmormativity is just another one of those coercive myths. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How do we get out from under performativity? Be irrational? Counter performative? Lyotard says, look, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no such thing as a scientific method (borrowing from Kuhn) - there\u8217\'92s one paradigm and another, but it has no internal logical coherence. It\u8217\'92s a set of pragmatic activities which works or it doesn\u8217\'92t. If there is no method to science, how should we investigate science and its claims to performativity, and its connection to the legitimization of science and the legitimization of the modern state?  He says, instead of looking at the theory, look at the practice. Science has caught us up in performativity - Lyotard advocates for parology - counter logos, counter speech, counter thinking. Infinite plurality of stances, none which can make a claim of being better than any other.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Give a new goal for science - use to be an attempt to describe the world - can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do that anymore. Now the goal of science is to increase the number of alternative discourses about the world to give us the maximum number of discourses about the world. That\u8217\'92s what parology means - a paralogical science. Science made free, opens us up to the possiblity that there are other, legitimate ways of looking at the world. The valorization of marginality. It takes discourses which have been marginalized and says, they\u8217\'92re just as good as any other kind of discourse. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How to legitimize anything?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 Abortion discourse - 35:32}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 There is no netural middle ground where you can dispassionately and objectively search for knowledge. Where is the middle ground? Perhaps nowhere. Perhaps the desire to do it is an atavistic hold over from our modernist history.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Democracy presumes no one has the absolute truth. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Socrates and the sophists have different assumptions about the world, and they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re talking past eachother. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just Gaming - is it possible to use the paralogical approach as a legitimizing force. Ending of the book - doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have an answer - ethics - judgment without criteria. Ends in laughter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Postmodern -undoes binary distinctions. A posture of studied suspicion.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Singapore - 42:00}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}