{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only thing Mandri took for himself was a pair of leather pouches tied together by a stiff gut cord\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collection of rocks, one sack filled with luck, the other filled with bad luck, maybe ten pebbles apiece. Mandri had plucked them out of the dead man\u8217\'92s robes because those rocks were Tob\u8217\'92s life\u8217\'92s work and Mandri respected the effort. He half-believed the rocks were charmed, because if a person can be lucky then why not a rock? And the pouches were more than just the rocks inside them. They were the kind of thing Frumule might paint to get her message across. She might have put them hanging off the hip of a foreground figure to let everyone know this particular man was manlier than the rest. Mandri dangled them about and wondered why he never noticed this kind of thing unless it was in a painting. In life, pouches were merely pouches\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in a painting they\u8217\'92re a token of testicular virility. Tob had been walking around with these pouches for who knows how long and not once did Mandri point and laugh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down in his lap and pulled one of the lucky stones out. It was quite striking, for a stone, for it was two completely different stones, one half beige, the other chalk-white, which had somehow fused together to become one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 pulled a shimmering, red smoke out from her throat. This smoke wisped and curled like smoke from a candle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flame, and it followed the direction of her words as if buffeted by them, and it settled around the tip of her golden blade. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced when Ayram barked the name with a force that could shake loose a star.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93PURL!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A heartbeat later, and Purl came running into the clearing, yelling, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 She took one look at Elrahet hovering over Obo and understood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl, still kneeling, recomposed herself. She waited until Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were alert and staring back at her, and then she issued a tight-lipped command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hiss,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93Like a lizard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo smiled, and simply said the word, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hiss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you make him do that?\u8221\'94 Ayram asked Purl with a skeptical eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  He asked Obo.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did she make you do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not sure how to answer that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Answer with the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The truth is that if the girl didn\u8217\'92t tell me to hiss like a lizard, I never would have said hiss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet grumbled again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have time for this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speak plainly,\u8221\'94 Ayram demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo shrugged and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girl\u8217\'92s command was not sufficient cause to compel me to speak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram turned again to Purl, frustration tilting his voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make it do something by thinking it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri watched with bated breath as Purl whistled out her own through pursed lips. She could, at least, compose herself under pressure. She drew upon her unseen strength, and she dipped into some altered state, eyes rolling back, lips mumbling, and suddenly there was a north-easterly breeze which was not there before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She reached out with her handless arm again. Her nose wrinkled and Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bald head twitched. When Purl\u8217\'92s glare went wild, Obo\u8217\'92s shoulders crimped and a faint golden glow began to shine through the skin of his throat. He opened his mouth towards the heavens, and Mandri expected to see a blast of Mazidfire issue forth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everyone did\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but nothing came. Soon the wind was dead and Purl was back inside her own skin with nothing to show for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting,\u8221\'94 said Obo, impressed. \u8220\'93You almost did it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good enough for now,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They breed them selfish, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wanting a Spark is selfish?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram chuckled and then paused to give Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s suggestion some consideration. He said, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t even know if it\u8217\'92s possible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Mandri?\u8221\'94 Obo asked. \u8220\'93I was awake in the cave when your witch breathed a Spark into his body. I did not believe such a thing was possible, yet here he is. If you could infuse Mandri\u8217\'92s corpse with a Spark which was not his own, then do the same for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram eyed Elrahet and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can this be done?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet was standing as still as scarecrow, staring at Obo, her old joints seemingly stuck as the layers of black tatters draped on her leathery bones drifted against the breeze. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Mazid is a kind of creature for which no true Spark exists. Giving it a Spark would require an act of creation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shrugged and mused, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it can\u8217\'92t be done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet growled, and her hand twisted tight on her cane as she said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not say it could not be done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears pricked up, and the old witch seemed to grow a foot in his eyes as she waddled over to Obo and loomed over his diminutive form}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}