{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/77457"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/77457}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Throughout every inch of our organism is a network of specialised fibres whose function it is to carry nervous impulses from the sense organs to the central nervous system of brain and spinal cord, and from thence out again to the muscles, glands, and other organs of reaction. The sense organs act as receivers of sensation, the nerve fibres as transmitters, the central nervous system as a general telephone exchange, and the muscles, glands, and organs as the executants of the impulses of the mind.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 information exchange from bump to bump. One overmind working through nerves, muscles glands, organs. Describing the Hrks as a group mind. Going from discordant to one mind.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 ramifying throughout every portion of the body,}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 a single cell performs all the functions of life; it moves, breathes, assimilates, excretes, and feels}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When an impression is made on a sense organ, the sensation derived from it is telegraphed up the connecting nerve fibre to the brain, and there translated, by a process of which we know nothing, from a sensation to a thought.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We believe that the mind learns by experience to associate certain kinds of sensation with certain objects or conditions in the environment, and when it feels these particular sensations, deduces that certain objects are present, and forms mental images, or thought models, intended to represent these objects.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 We \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93recognise\u8221\'94 an object by a process of classification, noting its likeness or unlikeness to other objects already known. When an unfamiliar object attracts our attention, we put it through a process of comparison until we find to which compartment in our concept-pictures it should be assigned, and if we cannot find a perfect match, we put it in the most suitable compartment we can discover, and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 Pg 21]then partition off a little subclass for it, thus admitting its identity in essentials, but its difference in details from the other occupants of that compartment.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain }