{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I owe it to my sons to make a better life for them. England is no longer a country for a young man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I recall you once spoke out in parliament for the rights and priveleges of the common people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ah. That was a long time ago. I had a vision then. A great nation. Prosperous. God-fearing. Good laws. Strong. Respected throught the world. That was the England I dreamed of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well sir. You are a squire now. A man of property. Perhaps you no longer care for the common people. Perhaps I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been misinformed sir. I thought as a puritan you\u8217\'92d see it as your god-given duty to do the lords work in this land, regardless of sacrifice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr. Ireton, I was fighting for the liberty of the common people when you were in knee britches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then why are you leaving?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I am leaving because this country crawls with greed and corruption. It is governed by profiteers who think more of their profits than their principles. I am leaving because we have a king who taxes the rich beyond its means and steals the land from the poor to maintain its lavish court and his catholic wife. And when parliament objects against these injustices, he closed his parliament down, and our man dare not speak his mind for fear of imprisonment. Yes, all my life I felt it was gods work to fight such tyranny. But god has turned his back upon this nation, and we are leaving it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And what if parliament should be recalled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And why should he do that? To build another palace?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No. To fight a war.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A war, john? A war against whom?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scots have assembled an army on our border they may invade us at any moment.  The king needs money to raise an army.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How many times did we sit and parliament and how many times did he overrule us? Oh the king can have his war with scotland and we will be in america. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There will be a war, mr cromwell, it will not be with scotland.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With whom?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Against the king.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The king? You mean a civil war? In england? You know not the ways of this nation. Such things do not happen here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In my opinion it is long overdue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God is behind our swords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every man who wages war believes god is on his side. God should begin to wonder who is on his. Good evening sir.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People breaking down fences. Land is being stolen from them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rights to pasture belong to the common people. By what authority do you take that away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By authority of his majesty\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s commisioners, granting me and my friends full rights to this land for the purposes of improvement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such a contract cannot be legal. It is in violoation of the law of this land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The king is the law of this land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the contrary, it is the kings duty to maintain the law. This is common land, it belongs to the people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is my land and you are trespassing. Out of respect for you rank I wont have you arrested for obstructing the law.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To put an effective army in the field the crown must have a million pounds. The crown does not have a million pounds. We must instate congress to provide money. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Congress!? The king of england to go cap in hand with the common people like a - beggar! Aye! A beggar!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have no choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I say take the money. You my lord are absolved before god and before man on any subjection. For in extreme necessity, can do all that power permits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you mean I should declare war on my own people. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aye! Before they declare war on you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Earl of stratford whispers in the er of the king.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turns it around on the earl, calls for his impeachment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You are impertinent}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Such issues are byond good manners.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Put your faith in god,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And put your sword in their belly! - my twist}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hope these gallant generals of hol and manchester had taken up with the enemy, for then we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have a surer chance at victory. For by their reluctance to pursue this war with the intesity that it demands, that have proved themselves treachorous to our cause and to this nation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why in the bowels of Sol did we do this!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I have neither eyes to speak, nor ears to ear, save that which the parliament grants me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Map with pieces of wood symbolizing troops.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King is strategizing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marquez\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forces surrendered to cromwell yesterday.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cromwell. I hear nothing but cromwell. Cromwell. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My lord this is nothing but a game we play here. A game with wooden armies and paper flags. Tis but a block of wood you hold in your hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  reminding commanding heights is different than the pof on the ground.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I will not countenance defeat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bribed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How little you know me, that you think you can buy my principles. How you insult me with such a cheap bribe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Is that was England is worth to you? 40,000 pounds?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}