{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Mandri corpse finger paint black ink from fabled black.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Need to have seb\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s bad eyesight made fun of. - maybe}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 SHIS! DEMON!}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 for as the Bound Book says:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 An empty well is also filled with purpose,}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 An arrow in the dirt has also hit its mark,}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 He weaves all mysteries just below the surface,}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 If one had but righteous eyes to pierce the dark.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  His words were a little lost in between the squelches.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Make Elrahet CRAZY - she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s been here forever.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet - I hate questions. The amount effort it takes to ask a question is nothing compared the effort to answer.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He gestured to the sloped walls of the ravine. If a rock was big enough, or a divot in the earth deep enough, a fellow bandit was already settling in. Most were lying down up top, above the ravine's lip. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t squat down and do a part, I\u8217\'92m gonna start breakin rules.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Nearing mid-day means earlier chapter they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re not I nsuch a rush.??}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Notional time}
\par\plain \f3\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 In earlier chapter, seb says the hills are the perfect place to set up an ambush. Need to adjust to have him expressing misgivings about the location to jive with this one.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The primary ravine is a bit better formed here - steeper walls. In this chapter, have this mentioned, have seb search for an easy route down and into it.}}