{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78705"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 Out of the depths : or, The Rector's trial by Madeline Leslie | Project Gutenberg}}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Wondrous beauty!" he murmured. "The work of thy fingers, O God. Thou hast prepared the light and the sun."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Shall I tell you, Henry?" inquired a soft voice at his side. "Of what I was thinking as I looked upon that display of splendor? These precious words flashed into my mind:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line \~\~\~"'For the Lord God is a sun and shield.'\line \line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Surely a Being who can paint the heavens like that before us, with the sun as a centre from which all those gorgeous hues radiate,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who likens himself to a sun, has power to throw light upon the darkest paths. Believe me, Henry, according to his promise, He will be a shield to us in the coming storm."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A profound sigh was for a moment the only answer. Then the man, trying to infuse a tone of hopefulness into his voice, said:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Thank you, Mary, and I thank God continually, that in the midst of my trials, I have a hopeful wife. But," he added, sighing again, "I am heavily burdened. I feel strangely desponding to-night. The adversary of souls has been busy with me. I am ready to sink. If it were not for you and our children, I would like to flee and hide myself from the face of man."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You are right, Mary, and I am wrong,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wanting in faith in Him who afflicteth his children for their profit. Like Job I will try to say,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \line \~\~\~"'Shall we receive good at the hand of the Lord, and shall we not receive evil?'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why christianity is the religion of the west. You need an imaginary friend to get through this culture, because no one else cares about you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 a glance fraught with love, anxiety and tenderness. }{\f0\fs24\b0 This expression was quickly followed by one of anguish, which in the deepening twilight she did not see. And it was happy for her that she did not.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~fourteen acres of land in a lamentable state of starvation, for want of fertilization. For years this was only fit for the growth of sorrel, with occasional tufts of coarse grass, from which last it acquired the respectable name of pasturage.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Still later, the dearly loved home was rendered perfect,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to the inmates at least\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 by the bay window thrown out by Emily from papa's study, while he was gone to Convention. The means to pay John Pratt & Sons, carpenters and jobbers, being turned into this channel from the original one of purchasing a black silk dress, of quality sufficiently firm to stand alone, said silk to be a gift from Mrs. Emily Lawton, her aunt for whom she was named.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~a member bearing the euphonious name of Barnes Bailey, who had once incurred the censure of his Rector, and at length even expulsion from the church. He had, however, forsaken his evil ways, and been readmitted to the fellowship of the church.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 LONG before Mr. Washburn had found the bottom of the purse presented by his people}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}