{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Existence precedes essence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For example, it belongs to the essence of a house to keep the bad weather out, which is why it has walls and a roof. Humans are different from houses because\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 unlike houses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they do not have an inbuilt purpose: they are free to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 choose}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~their own purpose and thereby shape their essence; thus, their\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 existence precedes their essence}{ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Some interpret the imperative to define oneself as meaning that anyone can wish to be anything. However, an existentialist philosopher would say such a wish constitutes an inauthentic existence \endash  what Sartre would call "}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 bad faith}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ". Instead, the phrase should be taken to say that people are defined only insofar as they act and that they are responsible for their actions. Someone who acts cruelly towards other people is, by that act, defined as a cruel person. Such persons are themselves responsible for their new identity (cruel persons). This is opposed to their genes, or\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 human nature}{\f0\fs24\b0 , bearing the blame.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The craft of the self}
\par\plain {- the first is the relationships between yourself and others. You are defined by these relationships - the more you struggle against this the more you are defined.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Thrownness}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_language"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 German}}{\f0\fs24\b0 :\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Geworfenheit}{\f0\fs24\b0 )}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thrownness#cite_note-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 1]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is a concept introduced by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_German-language_philosophers"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 German philosopher}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Heidegger"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Martin Heidegger}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(1889\endash 1976) to describe humans' individual existences as being 'thrown' (}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 geworfen}{\f0\fs24\b0 ) into the world.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Socratic irony}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is "the dissimulation of ignorance practised by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Socrates"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Socrates}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~as a means of confuting an adversary".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irony#cite_note-ReferenceA-12"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 12]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Socrates would pretend to be ignorant of the topic under discussion, to draw out the inherent nonsense in the arguments of his interlocutors.\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Chambers_Dictionary"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Chambers Dictionary}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~defines it as "a means by which a questioner pretends to know less than a respondent, when actually he knows more".}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This can be more easily understood when considering facticity in relation to the temporal dimension of our past: one's past is what one is, in that it co-constitutes oneself. However, to say that one is only one's past would ignore a significant part of reality (the present and the future), while saying that one's past is only what one was, would entirely detach it from oneself now. A denial of one's concrete past constitutes an inauthentic lifestyle, and also applies to other kinds of facticity (having a human body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 e.g., one that does not allow a person to run faster than the speed of sound\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 identity, values, etc.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Facticity is a limitation and a condition of freedom. It is a limitation in that a large part of one's facticity consists of things one did not choose (birthplace, etc.), but a condition of freedom in the sense that one's values most likely depend on it. However, even though one's facticity is "set in stone" (as being past, for instance), it cannot determine a person: the value ascribed to one's facticity is still ascribed to it freely by that person. As an example, consider two men, one of whom has no memory of his past and the other who remembers everything. Both have committed many crimes, but the first man, remembering nothing, leads a rather normal life while the second man, feeling trapped by his own past, continues a life of crime, blaming his own past for "trapping" him in this life. There is nothing essential about his committing crimes, but he ascribes this meaning to his past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 However, to disregard one's facticity during the continual process of self-making, projecting oneself into the future, would be to put oneself in denial of oneself and would be inauthentic. The origin of one's projection must still be one's facticity, though in the mode of not being it (essentially). An example of one focusing solely on possible projects without reflecting on one's current facticity:}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existentialism#cite_note-2.1_Facticity_and_Transcendence-40"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 40]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~would be someone who continually thinks about future possibilities related to being rich (e.g. a better car, bigger house, better quality of life, etc.) without acknowledging the facticity of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 not currently having the financial means to do so}{\f0\fs24\b0 . In this example, considering both facticity and transcendence, an authentic mode of being would be considering future projects that might improve one's current finances (e.g. putting in extra hours, or investing savings) in order to arrive at a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 future-facticity}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of a modest pay rise, further leading to purchase of an affordable car.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Facticity is a limitation and a condition of freedom. It is a limitation in that a large part of one's facticity consists of things one did not choose (birthplace, etc.), but a condition of freedom in the sense that one's values most likely depend on it. However, even though one's facticity is "set in stone" (as being past, for instance), it cannot determine a person: the value ascribed to one's facticity is still ascribed to it freely by that person. As an example, consider two men, one of whom has no memory of his past and the other who remembers everything. Both have committed many crimes, but the first man, remembering nothing, leads a rather normal life while the second man, feeling trapped by his own past, continues a life of crime, blaming his own past for "trapping" him in this life. There is nothing essential about his committing crimes, but he ascribes this meaning to his past.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 However, to disregard one's facticity during the continual process of self-making, projecting oneself into the future, would be to put oneself in denial of oneself and would be inauthentic. The origin of one's projection must still be one's facticity, though in the mode of not being it (essentially). An example of one focusing solely on possible projects without reflecting on one's current facticity:}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existentialism#cite_note-2.1_Facticity_and_Transcendence-40"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 40]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~would be someone who continually thinks about future possibilities related to being rich (e.g. a better car, bigger house, better quality of life, etc.) without acknowledging the facticity of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 not currently having the financial means to do so}{\f0\fs24\b0 . In this example, considering both facticity and transcendence, an authentic mode of being would be considering future projects that might improve one's current finances (e.g. putting in extra hours, or investing savings) in order to arrive at a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 future-facticity}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of a modest pay rise, further leading to purchase of an affordable car.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~"mimicry" where one acts as "one should"}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A critical claim in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Existentialism"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 existentialist}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~thought is that individuals are always\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free_will"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 free to make choices}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and guide their lives towards their own chosen goal or "project". This claim suggests that individuals cannot escape this freedom, even in overwhelming circumstances. For instance, even an empire's colonized victims possess choices: to submit to rule, to negotiate, to commit suicide, to resist nonviolently, or to counter-attack.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Although external circumstances may limit individuals (this limitation from the outside is called\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facticity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 facticity}}{\f0\fs24\b0 ), they cannot force a person to follow one of the remaining courses over another. In this sense the individual still has some freedom of choice. For this reason, an individual may choose in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anguish"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 anguish}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~fully aware that this will have consequences. For\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jean-Paul_Sartre"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Sartre}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , to claim that one amongst many conscious possibilities takes undeniable precedence (for instance, "I cannot risk my life, because I must support my family") is to assume the role of an object in the world, not a free agent, but merely at the mercy of circumstance (a\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Being-in-itself"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 being-in-itself}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~that is only its own facticity, i.e., it "is" inside itself, and acts there as a limitation).}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-2"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 2]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~For Sartre, this attitude is manifestly self-deceiving.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 According to this philosophy, humans are always aware that they are more than what they are aware of. In other words, they are not whatever they are aware of. In this sense, humans cannot be defined as "intentional objects" of consciousness that includes the restrictions imposed by\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Facticity"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 facticity}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , personal history, character, bodies, or objective responsibility. Thus, as Sartre often repeated, "Human reality is what it is not, and it is not what it is." An example of what he means is being a doctor but wishing to "transcend" that to become a pig farmer. One is who one is not: a pig farmer, not who one is, a doctor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One can only define oneself negatively, as "what it is not", and this negation is the only positive definition of "what it is."}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 3]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From this we are aware of a host of alternative reactions to our freedom to choose an objective situation, since no situation can dictate a single response. We pretend that these possibilities are denied to us by assuming social roles and value systems external to this nature}{\f0\fs24\b0\super [}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Please_clarify"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1\super clarification needed}}{\f0\fs24\b0\super ]}{\f0\fs24\b0 . But this is itself a decision made possible by our freedom and our separation from these things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Bad faith" is the paradoxical free decision to deny to ourselves this inescapable freedom.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sartre cites a caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9 waiter, whose movements and conversation are a little too "waiter-esque". His voice oozes with an eagerness to please; he carries food rigidly and ostentatiously;"his movement is quick and forward, a little too precise, a little too rapid".}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-4"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 4]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~His exaggerated behaviour illustrates that he is play-acting as a waiter, as an object in the world: an automaton whose essence is to be a waiter. But that he is obviously acting belies that he is aware that he is not (merely) a waiter, but is rather consciously deceiving himself.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-5"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 5]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Another of Sartre's examples involves a young woman on a first date. She ignores the obvious sexual implications of her date's compliments to her physical appearance, but accepts them instead as words directed at her as a human consciousness. As he takes her hand, she lets it rest indifferently in his, "neither consenting nor resisting\~\endash  a thing"}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 6]}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~\endash  refusing either to return the gesture or to rebuke it. Thus she delays the moment when she must choose either to acknowledge and reject his advances, or consent to them. She conveniently considers her hand only a thing in the world, and his compliments as unrelated to her body, playing on her dual human reality as a physical being, and as a consciousness separate and free from this physicality.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-7"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 7]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sartre suggests that by acting in bad faith the waiter and the woman are denying their own freedom, by using their freedom to do so. They manifestly know they are free, but are actively choosing not to acknowledge it. Bad faith is paradoxical in this regard: when acting in bad faith, a person is actively denying their own freedom, while relying on it to perform the denial.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 De Beauvoir described three main types of women acting in bad faith: the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narcissist"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Narcissist}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~who denies her freedom by construing herself as a desirable object; the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Mystic}{\f0\fs24\b0 , who invests her freedom in an absolute; and the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Woman in Love}{\f0\fs24\b0 , who submerges her identity in that of her male object.}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bad_faith_(existentialism)#cite_note-8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\super [}}{\f0\fs24\b0\ul\ulc0\super\cf4 8]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She also considered what she called the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Serious Man}{\f0\fs24\b0 , who subordinated himself to some outside cause, to be in bad faith inasmuch as he denies his own freedom}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}