{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he goes to sleep, he thinks of her, her body, them together. When he wakes up, he misses of her laugh, her conversation, them together. Moon or sun, he thinks of her, but she does not think of him. She has moved on. They were not together that long. For him, they had been together forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meant to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s particularly gruesome pairing of words, meant to be. Meant by who? God? No. Just him. He had made the mistake of all men, the cause of patriarchy, the , of wanting something more than was reasonable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How did she say it ended?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said that you were too anxious, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sit with uncertainty, that you ended it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all she said?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Smh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Give her my love. Maybe she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll take it if it comes from you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Einstein was a genius in his field. But when it comes to being me, I am an unmitigated genius.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Explanation of modelmaking and limerance. - your brain is inventing the feelings she has for you, and then you get attached to those feelings, and then you get upset when the real world does not comport to that illusion. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Which paths of evolution shaped this emotional machine. Man investing into a woman. A family. Then the absence of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This injuryless pain is proof of god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Deer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural predator arent as fast as our cars, they wait until the last moment to jump away, so they can dart the other direction and gain real distance. But with cars, they just get hit. They aren\u8217\'92t equipped with the judgement. I feel like that. I\u8217\'92m made for a different world. All my instincts just get me fucked up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only way to make art beyond critique is to make it for someone.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I guess my initial feeling upon cracking this crit open is\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Raven}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~one of those kinds of things that is written for a }{\f0\fs24\b1 particular audience at a particular time in a particular state of mind}{\f0\fs24\b0 ... and so, in my opinion, is pretty much beyond critique? I'd go into little things but honestly I don't care about getting Good Boy Points as much as just jawing about this. It'd kind of be like critting a love letter, right?\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the point isn't in the wordplay or the poignancy or its novelty, it's that you wrote it for us (even though the greatest love letters are always encoded for the one and not the many\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so who're you calling out?).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And so I guess the only real thing to say to that is 'thank you.'}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I feel like I've gotten those exact comments on the bullshit I've posted here over the years\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the obvious AI guy; the medium-talent hack who didn't try to engage with it earnestly, so it's 'cringe' and 'bad' because their opinion is fact; Dipshit McDumbfuck who points out a rare word that's definitely in more than a few classic novels and even a few anomalous ones and goes "huh? what? huhhh?" instead of highlighting it and clicking 'Search on Google.' Transforming a famously failed author into a Reddit tryhard feels exactly right, especially for Poe, who was a big fuckin' weirdo, and I'm honestly trying to see if I can get some more commas in this sentence, okay, but really, I enjoyed all the little allusions to his body of work and goddamn, yeah, he'd be big on\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 /r/nosleep}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~but not anywhere else, wouldn't he? I bet he'd be one of those dudes people trotted out back in like 2011 on\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/TIL"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 /r/TIL}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~or\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/IAMA"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 /r/IAMA}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to be like "this dude sold his story to a movie studio!" But then in 2025 it's not come out and nobody remembers them. Or Victoria. You remember Victoria? I've lost the plot and this comment line feels circlejerky but I'll leave it because that's where we are.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}