{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The heat of day was too hot, so they walked mostly at night. They did stop to rest at least once each night, when the moon was up. Moto would dig a small fire which lasted a whole hand, and after that, it was time to move again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had a burgeon in his pocket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He wondered if night was the right time to taste it. Moto made a fire, he sat down next to it, then tried to devise a plan. It was critical that no one knew he had this burgeon. He had to time things correctly. He had to go up and come down before anyone wised up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He fiddled with the burgeon in his pocket. Its smooth, waxy surface delighted his fingertips, and for a moment, he was happy. Then Moteah asked him to tell a story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No one else wanted to hear him tell a story; Elrahet grunted, Seb groaned, Ayram, lounging, was completely indifferent. Moto claimed that it was impossible for Mandri to tell a good story, as a good story requires a fiery Spark to tell it. That got Ayram to wondering whether or not this was true, so he sat up and told Mandri that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d better tell a good story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Good stories were a kind of currency in the world. They were especially valuable out in the Sand, where time needed to be passed as quickly as possible. Mandri was not rich in this respect, but he did know one good story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My story is about a witch,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Maybe you knew her.\u8221\'94 He gave Elrahet a wry grin. She grunted, and he continued on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This witch was an angry old witch who dwelt in a cave where the sea meets the desert. She gained fame throughout the land for her talent of divination. But she had rules. A person had to catch a karkoot lizard, put its stomach in a jar of brine, then bring that stomach to her in her cave. In return, she would foretell the person\u8217\'92s future. So great were her talents that people hunted karkoots until there were none left. Now, that fact might seem like it leads into the moral of the story, but it doesn\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s for a different story. Here, it\u8217\'92s only an aside meant to highlight humanity\u8217\'92s shortsightedness. By \u8216\'91humanity\u8217\'92, I mean people such as yourselves. I am a Mazid, so I shouldn\u8217\'92t be included.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Several groans erupted from amongst the group. Satisfied with these, Mandri continued on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One day, a young man went to see this witch. But this story begins long before that day. This story begins with the boy\u8217\'92s father. His father was a carpenter. Not a rich one. And woe betide him, his son was a profligate child\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that means he was wasteful. Whether it was burgeons, women, or friends, the son spent his father\u8217\'92s money without caring. He had no respect for his father\u8217\'92s work. In a way, you can\u8217\'92t blame him, he was too naive to understand how hard his father worked. And the father did work. He worked hard to pay for his son\u8217\'92s schooling in a wealthy city. You know, he hoped that his son would surpass him in society, that kind of thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, the son, living in a different city, took his father\u8217\'92s money, the money meant for his education, and he spent it on burgeons, women, and friends. His life\u8217\'92s prospects quickly come to nothing. And when the father found out that his own son had beggared them both, his anger was profound. It might be hard for any here to understand because none of you, as I understand, have children\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Neither do you,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, but you see, we Mazidai are supremely empathetic creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not that you aren\u8217\'92t, it is simply different. Let me try to paint the father\u8217\'92s anger for you. Given the rough nature of our present circumstances, you all must have some sympathy for the idea that existence is some kind of mistake. It lacks purpose. Contrast that with me, a Mazid\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not only was I raised up for an explicit purpose, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  what it is. Not that I like it. But as a slave, I know my purpose. You, however, must have a nagging sense of the absence of purpose. For example, let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s say you kill this beast that we\u8217\'92re hunting\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what comes next? You might find something else to do, but what happens after that? At least we can say that it is not at all clear what your purpose is. Even the Solitants admit as much. I would go further and argue that it is clearly obvious that you have no purpose, and that I can prove it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you he can\u8217\'92t tell a story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of it like this: if a human being ever finds themselves blessed with wealth and health beyond comprehension, what happens to them? I\u8217\'92ve seen it first hand, how impoverishing wealth is when a person gets it. I\u8217\'92ve seen it through the eyes of the Hrkan Lords. Without any practical concerns to distract them, you might think they would be happy because they are free to pursue their life\u8217\'92s true purpose, but that\u8217\'92s not what happens! They are not happy. They become bored. Angry. They feel boxed in. It is a frustration so thorough and complete that they lose all good sense. That might be hard to follow, but I speak the truth. If a person has no child to hold their hand, no wife\u8217\'92s embrace, if wealth frees them from the indignities of life, and after all this they turn, naturally, into some strange husk of a person, then what does that mean? It means that a person\u8217\'92s natural rest state is nothingness. There\u8217\'92s no intrinsic purpose down there. If you did have some purpose, surely your natural state would reflect it. These people would be joyous people, not depressed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does any of this have to do with the carpenter?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s important to know this, because this is the backdrop to every story ever told. A human has no natural purpose. What purpose you do have is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 crafted, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 made}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , and that means it is something you can lose. And I put it to you that losing your purpose is the greatest horror a human being can experience. It happened to me. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh, Moto, you of all people should know this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For the first time in a long while, Mandri was truly feeling like himself. Ayram caught this feeling and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If there\u8217\'92s a purpose to this story, Mazid, best get to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I\u8217\'92m saying is\u8230\'85most people make their family their purpose. The carpenter was such a man. His son was his purpose in life. To borrow a poetic turn from the poet Lovraleen, his son was his challenge to the Black. And he lost. And worse, it wasn\u8217\'92t taken from him, it was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 squandered}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . If his son were killed, the carpenter could have moved into grief, but no, he had challenged the Black and the Black had answered back by corrupting his son and turning him into the living embodiment of a life\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wasted labor. At least, that\u8217\'92s how the father saw it. How could he see it differently? As Seb might say, the carpenter \u8216\'91was who he was\u8217\'92. And what did he do? He put his carpentry to work\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he made a coffin and sent it with a message to his son. Inside that coffin was a note which said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To put it lightly, this message greatly disturbed the son. He might have been a wastrel, but a self-obsessed wastrel was he. He didn\u8217\'92t want to die. He saw the coffin and the note and became scared. He knew his father to be a man of resolve. He began to see his old man in every shadow, so he couldn\u8217\'92t enjoy himself. He couldn\u8217\'92t go to the tavern, or the whorehouse, and he couldn\u8217\'92t sleep in the same place twice. Yes, he was a wastrel who couldn\u8217\'92t confront even the thought of a confrontation, so he decided to run away and find a witch to fix his problems for him. If a witch could predict the moment when his father would try to kill him, then he could, he hoped, avoid it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, he found a karkoot lizard, stuck its stomach in a jar of brine, and set off to see the angry old witch by the sea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When he finally set foot in the witch\u8217\'92s cave, he said to her, \u8216\'91My own father is trying to kill me. What should I do?\u8217\'92 Unfortunately for him, this was the wrong kind of question to ask, because the old witch did not deal with advice, she dealt with the Absolute. She wanted to hear questions like, \u8216\'91What will the weather be on the third full moon of the month?\u8217\'92, or, \u8216\'91When will I get my money back?\u8217\'92, that sort of thing. Not \u8216\'91What should I do?\u8217\'92. Whenever she was asked that sort of question, she\u8217\'92d put no effort into the answer. She smoked up and did a little song and dance for the wastrel son. When she was done she said to him, \u8216\'91When you leave this place, the first thought that enters your head is what you will do\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can ya say that again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93The witch said, \u8216\'91When you leave this place, the first thought that enters your head is what you will do\u8217\'92. Obscenely ambiguous, I know, but that was the point. This witch was old, and long in the trade, and she knew what kind of customer the boy was and how her response would weigh on him. It was her way of causing him torment. And torment him, it did\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he jumped to the conclusion that his father was waiting for him outside the cave, and that the \u8216\'91first thought\u8217\'92 that would enter his head would be his father\u8217\'92s cudgel, and what he \u8216\'91would do\u8217\'92 was die. So, he didn\u8217\'92t leave. He stayed right there in that witch\u8217\'92s cave and refused to leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From the witch\u8217\'92s point of view, her plan had backfired. She tried to shoo him out, but he simply would not leave. She was stuck with this wastrel who was convinced that the moment he left her cave, he would be struck dead. She tried to tell him that his father couldn\u8217\'92t be sitting right outside her cave for all eternity, but the son didn\u8217\'92t buy it. It\u8217\'92s not that he thought that his father was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  watching the cave, but he believed, with certainty, that whenever he }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  decide to leave, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s precisely when his father would show up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The witch eventually gave up trying to convince the boy that he could safely leave. She told him that he could stay if he did the chores, like scrubbing the cave floor, making fires, cooking, whispering blessings into the cracks and whatnot. So, the son stayed. After many, many years of this arrangement, the witch eventually died, and the carpenter\u8217\'92s son succeeded her because he had been, effectively, her apprentice. He learned how to divine the future by watching her read the folds in fish stomachs. He had, purely on accident, become his own man with his own profession. The witch was dead, but there was still a witch in that cave, so people kept coming. It is said that this wastrel\u8217\'92s divinations transformed the lives of hundreds of thousands of people, for even those early Hrkan Lords would seek his sight to plan the courses of their wars.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The great irony of all this is that the note the carpenter sent to his son was not a threat. If you remember, the note in the coffin said, \u8216\'91You are going to die\u8217\'92. That was a mere statement of fact\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everybody dies. The father had no intention of hunting down his son. He\u8217\'92d only hoped that the awareness of death might spur the boy into motion. And it did. Now, it is not known if the father ever discovered that his son had become a great witch and shaped the course of history, but I like to think that the abatement of his despair would have been most sublime, for he had, unwittingly, triumphed against the Black. That is, until the son finally stepped outside his cave, because right then a landslide came and buried him.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A silence set in around the smokeless fire, and Mandri eased back, quite happy with his telling. No one wanted to admit it, but he knew the story was only half-bad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did the witch know that the wastrel son would become her successor?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Course she did,\u8221\'94 said Seb. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s a seer. She saw the future. She knew what to say to make it work. The idiot was as much her kid as the carpenter\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s part of the telling,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t think too much about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a poor telling,\u8221\'94 Moto grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think you can do better?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then let us hear it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All my stories would go right through your Sparkless stomach.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Typical,\u8221\'94 Moteah groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The fire was dimming now, so they all laid down to rest, leaving Mandri to stew in the glory of his own performance. He always grew a little hysterical after people spent that much time giving him so much attention.}}