{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/5240/pg5240-images.html#ch1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/5240/pg5240-images.html#ch1}}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did ye know Phil Beamish of the 3\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 th, sir?\u8221\'94 said a tall, red-faced, red-whiskered, well-looking gentleman, who bore no slight resemblance to Feargus O\u8217\'92Connor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Phil Beamish!\u8221\'94 said I. \u8220\'93Indeed I did, sir, and do still; and there is not a man in the British army I am prouder of knowing.\u8221\'94 Here, by the way, I may mention that I never heard the name till that moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t say so, sir?\u8221\'94 said Feargus\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for so I must call him, for shortness sake. \u8220\'93Has he any chance of the company yet, sir?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Company!\u8221\'94 said I, in astonishment. \u8220\'93He obtained his majority three months since. You cannot possibly have heard from lately, or you would have known that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s true, sir. I never heard since he quitted the 3\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 th to go to Versailles, I think they call it, for his health. But how did he get the step, sir?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why, as to the company, that was remarkable enough!\u8221\'94 said I, quaffing off a tumbler of champagne, to assist my invention. \u8220\'93You know it was about four o\u8217\'92clock in the afternoon of the 18th that Napoleon ordered Grouchy to advance with the first and second brigade of the Old Guard and two regiments of chasseurs, and attack the position occupied by Picton and the regiments under his command. Well, sir, on they came, masked by the smoke of a terrific discharge of artillery, stationed on a small eminence to our left, and which did tremendous execution among our poor fellows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 on they came, Sir; and as the smoke cleared partially away we got a glimpse of them, and a more dangerous looking set I should not desire to see: grizzle-bearded, hard-featured, bronzed fellows, about five-and-thirty or forty years of age; their beauty not a whit improved by the red glare thrown upon their faces and along the whole line by each flash of the long twenty-fours that were playing away to the right. Just at this moment Picton rode down the line with his staff, and stopping within a few paces of me, said, \u8216\'91They\u8217\'92re coming up; steady, boys; steady now: we shall have something to do soon.\u8217\'92 And then, turning sharply round, he looked in the direction of the French battery, that was thundering away again in full force, \u8216\'91Ah, that must be silenced,\u8217\'92 said he, \u8216\'91Where\u8217\'92s Beamish?\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93Says Picton!\u8221\'94 interrupted Feargus, his eyes starting from their sockets, and his mouth growing wider every moment, as he listed with the most intense interest. \u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said I, slowly; and then, with all the provoking nonchalance of an Italian improvisatore, who always halts at the most exciting point of his narrative, I begged a listener near me to fill my glass from the iced punch beside him. Not a sound was heard as I lifted the bumper to my lips; all were breathless in their wound-up anxiety to hear of their countryman who had been selected by Picton\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for what, too, they knew not yet, and, indeed, at this instant I did not know myself, and nearly laughed outright, for the two of our men who had remained at the table had so well employed their interval of ease as to become very pleasantly drunk, and were listening to my confounded story with all the gravity and seriousness in the world. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Long life to him,\u8221\'94 said at least a dozen voices behind and about me, while a general clinking of decanters and smacking of lips betokened that Phil\u8217\'92s health with all the honours was being celebrated. For myself, I was really so engrossed by my narrative, and so excited by the \u8220\'93ponche,\u8221\'94 that I saw or heard very little of what was passing around, and have only a kind of dim recollection of being seized by the hand by \u8220\'93Feargus,\u8221\'94 who was Beamish\u8217\'92s brother, and who, in the fullness of his heart, would have hugged me to his breast, if I had not opportunely been so overpowered as to fall senseless under the table.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line While I yet hesitated, the problem resolved itself; for, gazing down upon the bright gravel, brilliantly lighted by the surrounding lamps, I lost my balance, and came tumbling and rolling from top to bottom, where I fell upon a large mass of some soft substance, to which, in all probability, I owe my life. In a few seconds I recovered my senses, and what was my surprise to find that the downy cushion beneath, snored most audibly! I moved a little to one side, and then discovered that in reality it was nothing less than an alderman of Cork, who, from his position, I concluded had shared the same fate with myself; there he lay, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93like a warrior taking his rest,\u8221\'94 but not with his \u8220\'93martial cloak around him,\u8221\'94 but a much more comfortable and far more costly robe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a scarlet gown of office\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 with huge velvet cuffs and a great cape of the same material. True courage consists in presence of mind; and here mine came to my aid at once: recollecting the loss I had just sustained, and perceiving that all was still about me, with that right Peninsular maxim, that reprisals are fair in an enemy\u8217\'92s camp, I proceeded to strip the slain; and with some little difficulty\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 partly, indeed, owing to my unsteadiness on my legs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I succeeded in denuding the worthy alderman, who gave no other sign of life during the operation than an abortive effort to \u8220\'93hip, hip, hurra,\u8221\'94 in which I left him, having put on the spoil, and set out on my way to the barrack with as much dignity of manner as I could assume in honour of my costume. And here I may mention (en parenthese) that a more comfortable morning gown no man ever possessed, and in its wide luxuriant folds I revel, while I write these lines. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}