{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Moto made this case, wordlessly, by sighing and sneering and kicking the ground, then eying those gathered like they were all doomed, and they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d doomed themselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This sensation was magnified by the rocky slopes which threatened to come galloping down upon Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head every time a lizard stirred from its nook. But he kept quiet. Everyone kept quiet. Whatever cheer they\u8217\'92d mustered from making it out of the Tib was well and truly gone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 t wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t possible to keep away from these slopes, as Ayram was too concerned with not being seen by some invisible Hrkan pursuit some ways behind. So, he pioneered a course that led up into crumbling mountains. Mandri wondered why keeping out of sight mattered if the Hrks could track them with a Riga, but he didn\u8217\'92t ask. He kept quiet because that was the rule.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The place }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 cursed,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Moteah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If curses could work,\u8221\'94 said Seb, \u8220\'93them Hrks woulda choked in their sleep a thousan\u8217\'92 years ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He marched over to Mandri, clenched jaw and all, and loomed as large as the mountain cliff above his shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did the Hrks kill the Greskalun?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No?\u8221\'94 Mandri answered, confused as to why he was being asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You came from the east when we found you. Did you come from here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you are asking me if there\u8217\'92s a band of Vessels waiting behind those walls to ambush us as soon as we step through that gate, I have no idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before, or after, it ate the Greskalun.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will do what we can for them,\u8221\'94 Ayram said. \u8220\'93Then we leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bouncing in the rider\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lap was a shorter figure wrapped in black\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a Mazidariga child.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her words were cut short by the sight of something drifting in the distance between herself and the pilgrim poles. Nothing was there, only empty air, but her darting eyes had caught sight of something bright, an invisible fright, something which made her panic. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah ran, but in the wrong direction; she ran into the tunnel. She climbed an exposed staircase that led up to the gate\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s winch. She kicked around up there, looking for a latch to unlock, but nothing budged\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the gate did not drop.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t help you kill those men,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grunted, then back-handed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw. Such was the force that he cracked a molar, and a spit of thickened blood went flying out. Such was the force of the blow that his whole body followed that spinning tooth through the air.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t heard Mandri\u8217\'92s refusal, but she could guess it well enough when she saw him fly-swatted on the ground.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Make}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  him want to do it,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Ayram snarled. He turned to Elrahet to employ her knife, but she was busy watching the Hrkan advance with an intolerant glare. The whole world, it seemed, was running far ahead of her schedule. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What sees its own shadow and cries in fright?\u8221\'94 Elrahet said. \u8220\'93What lingers in darkness and shuns the light?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Demons?\u8221\'94 Pyetle answered. His horse reared as though the word had nipped its ankle. He struggled to calm both himself and his mount, and when some semblance of order was gained, his eyes darted from the poles to Elrahet, to the Ayramun, and finally, to Mandri. He seemed unimpressed. \u8220\'93Demons have no power in this age.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe what you will,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93Know only this: what poled these pilgrims must be killed, and it will take more than a sword or spear to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You stole a Mazid to hunt a demon?\u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he stifled a laugh. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard more convincing stories from the mouths of babes.\u8221\'94 And before Elrahet could reply, he kicked his horse hard, startling it into a gallop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move!\u8221\'94 he shouted as he leaned low against his horse\u8217\'92s broad neck. The creature barreled past the Ayramun, into the tunnel, under the gate, then back out into the mouth of the Pass. Once free from the tower\u8217\'92s shadow, it halted and circled around, agitated, and when the swirl of its dust caught it up in a cloud, Pyetle hopped off to fetch his sword which still lay there in the dirt. Once in hand, he wiped the blade against his stomach. He turned to address the Ayramun. His voice was loud and carried into the tunnel with remarkable force. \u8220\'93Give me a reason to trust you,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93and I will give you a chance to prove your claims.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He adopted a wide, stately stance to brace himself against any potential insult. But Ayram was not in any mood for that kind of fight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you are to make an ask,\u8221\'94 Ayram bellowed, \u8220\'93then make it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hand over the Mazid\u8217\'92s Minder,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, pointing with his sword. \u8220\'93The girl. She won\u8217\'92t be harmed. I give you my word as a Mirror of the Lordship. Hand her over, and you will have, in turn, an opportunity, and only that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an opportunity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was standing on a door-stoop built into the tunnel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall. She was quiet, half-hiding, looking a little upset by the idea of being made a hostage. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 her brother said sharply, stomping up to Ayram. \u8220\'93What are we doing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb chuckled and spat a wad of juice onto the brick. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t ya hear?\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93He wants Moteah a ways away from her Mazid, all so he can kill us without worryin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted his displeasure with Seb. His expression soured further when Ayram did not immediately dismiss the idea of giving his sister up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant stood against his planted spear, staring absently at the pilgrim poles behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then there was Elrahet, still standing in the glare of that accursed courtyard. Viewed from the back like this, she seemed bent to the point of broken, a cracking pillar, a vague shape of despair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now hold on,\u8221\'94 Moto said quickly. \u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t possibly think this is a good idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram did not stir.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You cannot trust a Hrk!\u8221\'94 In a mad attempt to gather support, Moto looked to Seb. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re right. We need to keep running. If the Burshageet poled those pilgrims, then we\u8217\'92re close!\u8221\'94 He looked again to Ayram for reason. \u8220\'93How could you agree to this!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram only grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted in reply, an accusation of stupidity. Because that was the only possible explanation for Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s empty stare. And when that stare turned to Elrahet, a judgmental squeal squirmed out of Moto\u8217\'92s cheek. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care how much you trust that witch\u8217\'92s say-so! You of all people should know that trust should be provisional!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You colic like a horse,\u8221\'94 Elrahet said bitterly as she finally turned to face him. \u8220\'93Lay down and die if you won\u8217\'92t digest what comes your way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We still have options!\u8221\'94 Moto cried. \u8220\'93We cannot succeed if we give her up to the Hrks!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going,\u8221\'94 Moteah said firmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto squealed in shock and spun around to collect his sister, but she was already marching past him. He grabbed her pack, but she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d loosed its straps and freed herself from its bulky weight. As it dropped to the floor, Moto was yanked down with it, and before he could regain himself she was already marching out the gate. He moved to catch her, but was stopped by Ayram\u8217\'92s hand slapping his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto clenched his teeth, and it seemed for a moment he might burst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was another staged scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was the primary figure here. Indeed, he was the only real person in that tunnel. Everyone else was a prop upon which he piled his anxiety. Those who did not know Moto might not see it that way, because he calmed down quickly, for a proud man he was, if stressed, but that very stillness was so uncharacteristic that it drew alarm. A brooding mountain he was, marshaling a storm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The depth of that feeling made Mandri jealous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No one would ever brood like that for him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was the saddest thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It almost made him want to get in on the action, to make someone love him so much that it would hurt them to see him go. And now he understood why Lords would hire wailers for their funerals.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another stray thought pulled up the words of the Gogan poet Drimbar, who wrote that the goal of life was to leave a storm of grief at your absence. Because to make someone feel like }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 that\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 like Moto standing there, breaking with every breath\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that must be important. It was proof of something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto turned away from the scene, wincing, and Mandri supposed that Moteah had been executed, but no, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only been gagged by a headscarf pulled from the horse\u8217\'92s pack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, there they were in the mouth of the Goree\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Moteah, Pyetle, and the horse, waiting for the marching Vessels to meet them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow had receded a whole ten yards by the time Pyetle returned to the tower\u8217\'92s gate, flanked by an escort of spears. He said straight to Elrahet, \u8220\'93If night falls and we have not found true sign of a demon, or of the Greskalun, you will be held accountable for this sacrilege.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your horn stuck to your hip,\u8221\'94 Elrahet replied. \u8220\'93Better not let them know that we are coming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 the scribe muttered, forgetting his earlier reservations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pie-yet-ull,\u8221\'94 Elrahet repeated. \u8220\'93Pyetle, y}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And then there was Elrahet, still standing in the glare of that accursed courtyard. Viewed from the back like this, she seemed bent to the point of broken, a cracked pillar, a vague shape of despair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Trust should be provisional!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d loosed her pack\u8217\'92s straps, and so when it dropped to the floor, Moto was yanked down with it. Before he could regain himself she was already marching out the gate. He moved to catch her, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If night falls and we have not found true sign of a demon, or of the Greskalun, you will be held accountable for this sacrilege.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your horn stuck to your hip,\u8221\'94 Elrahet replied. \u8220\'93Better not let them know that we are coming.\u8221\'94}}