{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you want to know, then you need to go and see Him for yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See Solraheen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve seen Him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She nodded again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks let you into His chamber?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not exactly,\u8221\'94 she said through sly side-smile. \u8220\'93His chamber is filled with saffee leaf smoke. It\u8217\'92s a bonfire that burns all day and night. Think about how much effort that would take. How many trees you would need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A lot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks diverted the Ganniket river to make it work. My great-grandfather\u8217\'92s tribe lived on the Ganniket.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry to hear that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks do all this to drug Solraheen so deeply that He won\u8217\'92t see what they\u8217\'92re doing to His creation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you want Him to end the Hrk?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What Solraheen would want\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what He would command if His mind were not unwound by those fumes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is for the Hrkan world to be set }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 . Only He can do this, so He must be freed.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wouldn\u8217\'92t it make more sense to make sure that\u8217\'92s what Solraheen wants before you do it? I mean, if Solraheen wanted to be freed, He would free Himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl heaved a tired sigh as if the answer to that question was so perfectly obvious and she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bear to explaining it again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what about Schisol?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He will be destroyed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her pronouncement was as certain as it was insane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what makes you so sure it\u8217\'92s going to play out like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because our cause is righteous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri thanked the dark because if Purl had seen him smirk she might have punched him right in the nose with her stumpy arm. He gathered his wits and decided to see if he could poke a hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you think that Solraheen believed His cause was righteous when He buried Himself and Schisol under all that Fabled Black?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen is the most powerful of all the gods who ha ever lived. If His righteous cause ended up more trouble than it was worth, why do you think your righteous cause isn\u8217\'92t going to end up the same way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re seeing it all wrong,\u8221\'94 she said in a dismissive laugh. She began to explain, as if to a child, intoning her words with charm, \u8220\'93Solraheen\u8217\'92s cause was not finished when He called down the Fabled Black. It was only a link in a causal chain, which ends in us, in the Ayramun. Our cause }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His cause.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was how every conversation with a zealot went. Poke a hole in their apocalyptic vision and they cover it up with some trite language play. Soon she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be telling him what he should and shouldn\u8217\'92t do.}}