{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The air went quiet. The endless hordes were struck dumb. Without their hungry purpose to guide them, they were lost as sheep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a hole and not go down it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SO}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We have the prologue - killing god with the Black}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 End on the reveal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God is  trapped, but his essence is meted. Kept silent, so that he cannot correct the. She wanted him out. He wanted himself out. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SO - BIG PROBLEMS:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the resolution with Solraheen?????}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What attracted me to it was this idea of keeping god drugged up, to adulterate his message.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 Why does Pellora keep Him the way He is?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why does Elrahet?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How does Mandri feel about it?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet wants Him freed. She believes He is needed to save the world. Weave the fate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pellora wants to keep him buried. The last to be eaten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri Him dead - He wants Solraheen gone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab This isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t right.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Why doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Pellora eat him?}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Also problem: Too many scene switches - cant go down the hole, have a convo, come back up, and now battle scene?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Also added - Pel is Moteah reveal needs to happen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Note - the demons do come OUT of the hole where solraheen is buried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - Spawning out of his flesh? Feasting on him? Does he sustain them?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 SO it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s basically a summoning ritual.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Monster falls down hole - like it}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Dudes are like, Moteah is still alive. I can feel her hand in my stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Motos like, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m going down. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah flies out of the hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Summons demon horde}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Kills herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Battle goes poorly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 More and more and more demons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sudden ripple. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vomiting black up out of the hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God arrives. Flays the demons. Jets.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}