{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 HOW AND WHAT TO GROW}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 IN A}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 KITCHEN GARDEN}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 OF ONE ACRE.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 By\~W. ATLEE BURPEE.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The garden should be so situated as to have good surface drainage; without this or expensive underdraining, it will hardly be possible to raise early or fine vegetables at any profit. These I consider the most essential points in selecting the plot for the garden; of course, a good, rich soil is to be desired, but the gardener can, by the liberal use of manure and thorough cultivation, remedy a deficiency of this kind in a couple of years, while he cannot make a favorable location for early vegetables on a north slope if he should try a lifetime.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ground that has been worked in some cultivated farm crop, such as corn or potatoes, is more desirable for starting a garden than fresh sod land, as it is more easily brought into fine condition in the early spring; while grass is one of the hardest weeds to exterminate, especially}{\f0\fs24\b1  among small hoed crops}{\f0\fs24\b0 , such as strawberries, onions, beets, etc. Sod land is also often full of grubs, which work havoc among the strawberry plants and young melon and squash vines. In either new ground or in the old established garden, it will be of great advantage to put the long, coarse manure on the ground in the fall, and plow it well under as soon as the ground can be cleared of the summer crops.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 he soil should be left just as it is plowed, without harrowing, leaving the lumps and ridges to the action of the frost. This will be found of especial benefit to heavy soils that are late in drying in the spring; it also adds a great deal to the appearance and cleanliness of the garden, as the weeds, old stalks, etc., are all cut off and burnt before plowing, instead of being left to scatter their seeds with every winter wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The gases arising from the decaying of the coarse manure in the soil tend to lighten it, instead of being wasted in the air, as is the case when the manure is in heaps or in the barnyard. By plowing-time in the spring the manure will have assimilated with the soil and will be thoroughly worked through the cultivated surface, thus affording food for the crops in all stages. If such manure is applied in the spring, it will make dry or thin soil still drier, and unless}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 12]\~plowed well under, where it would take the roots a long time to reach it, will burn the young plants up if the season should happen to be a dry one. The great value of compost in starting young plants is that it affords rich food in proper form for the tender young rootlets, enabling the young plants to make a quick, tender growth, which is very essential if vegetables of fine quality are desired. By fall manuring and plowing the whole garden is composted, while the action of the frost on the lumps and ridges pulverizes them, leaving the soil in a fine, friable condition}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In plowing, a good, wide headland should be left at each end of the garden; it should be wide enough to allow the horse and cultivator to come clear out from between the rows and to turn into the next}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 13]\~row, without damaging the plants at the ends of the rows by trampling and dragging the cultivator over them.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 I have found it more satisfactory and productive of better results to buy}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 18]\~each season almost all the seeds needed from some reliable seedsman, rather than to depend on those of my own saving.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Personally, I have found it more satisfactory and productive of better results to buy}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 18]\~each season almost all the seeds needed from some }{\f0\fs24\b1 reliable seedsman}{\f0\fs24\b0 , rather than to depend on those of my own saving.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~and it is the seedsman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s business to know the peculiarities of the different varieties, and to raise or procure his stock from the best strains grown in the most favorable localities.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~I would have}{\f0\fs24\b1  hotbeds,}{\f0\fs24\b0  cold frames and rich seed beds of fine light soil; these I would not have in the garden itself unless that be the most convenient place.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They should be situated conveniently near both to the manure pile and to a good supply of water, where they will constantly be under the eye in passing to and from the farm work and will not suffer neglect from being forgotten or overlooked. It is quite important that there should be good drainage from these beds, as they are most needed at a rainy time of the year; dampness is not only injurious to the young plants, but it also takes up a great deal of the heat which should go toward forwarding the growth of the young plants. The sashes can be bought, ready painted and glazed, at the planing mills in most cities, and this is much the cheapest way to procure them, as they can often be bought for what the bare sash would cost in a small order at a country shop. They come 3\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u188\'BC feet wide by 6 feet in length, and are 1\u189\'BD to 2 inches in thickness, and if stored in the dry when not in use, and are treated to an occasional coat of paint, will last a lifetime.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76930/images/image024.jpg"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/76930/images/image024.jpg}}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A good companion to the light plow is a one-horse\~Harrow, of a V shape, with long, slender teeth. It is a splendid tool for making a good, deep bed of fine earth for seed sowing or setting out small plants. Where more land has been plowed than is needed for immediate planting, I run over it with this implement when working the balance of the garden, so keeping it clear of weeds and in fine condition for planting.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The\~Roller\~and the Harrow generally go in succession, and a light one-horse roller will be found very convenient, but the large farm roller will do equally good work where one is at hand and there is room for it to be used. A small hand roller, about three feet in width, for rolling in small drilled seeds, such as beets, onions, turnips, etc., and by which the dirt can be settled over a row of peas or corn when only a few rows are planted at once, will many times repay the labor of making it. A piece of six- or eight-inch drain pipe, with the bell knocked off, an iron bar run through the centre for an axle, and the whole inside filled with mortar or concrete and allowed to get perfectly hard, will make as fine a hand roller as need be, or one can very easily be made from a smooth section of a tree trunk. This implement would probably be much more useful than the one-horse roller. It always pays to roll ground every time it is plowed, and too much stress cannot be laid on the value of firmly compacting the soil around freshly sown seed.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The following simple test will be of use to the novice in determining not only when to plow, but also when to cultivate and hoe the ground. Take a portion of the soil in the hand and try to press it into a ball; if it makes a ball and sticks to the hand it is too wet, while if it crushes hard it is too dry. In both cases, if worked in this condition, it will be left in a hard and lumpy state, that will take a long time to bring into good order. To be in good working condition the soil should crumble easily and finely in the hand, and should leave no dirt adhering to the fingers. It will not only give the best results when worked in this state, but it can also be done in half the time. Sometimes we cannot wait until the ground is in the very best order, as in a drought in summer, when it is needed for the second crop. In such a case it must be brought into as fine condition as possible by repeated harrowing and rolling; the latter is an operation too frequently neglected in the ordinary garden; every farmer knows the value of having the soil firmly compacted round the fresh-sown grain, and it is of equal value in every variety of seed sown in the garden. Where there is not}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 38]\~room for the roller to be used after sowing a row, I always have it pressed in by the broad sole of the gardener\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boot, which nature usually provides shall be of generous size. It is even more important that the soil should be firmly pressed around the roots of newly-set plants, as if this is not done the first heavy rain uses the roots as water courses, and deprived of contact with the soil, the roots rot off and the plants are stunted or die.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The best way is to cover the crowns, after the ground is frozen in the fall, with as much manure as can be spared, and work it down to the roots in the spring as soon as it can be forked in; or, if there are several rows, the manure could be placed on them thickly and the soil ridged over it for the winter by throwing up a couple of shallow furrows with the plow; this to be worked down with a sharp harrow in the spring}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~As soon as it is dry enough in the spring, the soil and manure of the bed should be lightly forked over with a manure fork and the surface raked fine; the reason for using the stable fork is that the tines are slightly curved, and if the handle is held in a nearly horizontal position the bed can be dug down to the roots, and the fork will slide right over the tops of the crowns without}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 42]\~injuring them}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The first planting of snaps or dwarf bush beans can be made when the first planting of peas and beets are sown, but will not do as well nor produce beans of as fine quality as those planted about two weeks later, when the weather has become warmer and more settled. These yield very abundantly, and a drill fifty feet long will produce as many as can be used in a large family. While planting in a drill, for the sake of convenience and quickness in planting, the seed should be dropped in hills about ten inches apart and five seeds to a hill. If the beans are kept picked closely, the plants will continue longer}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 44]\~in bearing, and they may be had throughout the season if successive plantings are made, though the pole snaps are to be preferred through the summer and fall, for their greater bearing qualities and the ease of gathering them. In both the bush and pole snaps, care should be taken to secure varieties that are entirely stringless, as they are not only much easier to prepare for use, but are much more tender. The different \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wax\u8221\'94 varieties are very fine, but the bush beans of this class have not done well in this locality for the last three seasons, the pods being covered with a species of black spot or rot that spoils fully two-thirds of them}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The pole beans should not be planted until the ground is thoroughly warmed in the spring, or until the thermometer stands over 60\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u176\'B0 all night. It is quite common to plant these with poles 8 to 9 feet in height. I think this is a mistake, as no ordinary picker can reach higher than about six feet to advantage, and as the vines grow to the tops of the poles before commencing to fruit, both beans and time are lost. The poles should be set in rows four and one-half feet apart and two and one-half to three feet apart in the rows. }{\f0\fs24\b1 Two hundred poles of Limas will furnish an ample supply throughout the season, and will ripen a bushel of dried beans for winter use as well. Twenty-five poles will furnish an ample supply}{\f0\fs24\b0  of}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 45]\~snaps, though we allowed one row across the garden in the diagram given, the surplus being allowed to ripen for winter use. Where the saving of room is an object and the ground has been well manured, these pole snaps can be planted in the hills of corn, and allowed to use the stalks as poles; they will produce a good crop, but not nearly so many, nor are they as easy to pick as when grown on the poles. For this purpose they should be planted with some strong growing variety of corn, such as Stowell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Evergreen or other late variety.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 . In setting the poles, make a hole from one to two feet deep by driving the sharp end of a crowbar into the ground, place the butt end of the pole in this hole and ram it firmly in its place; then put one or two shovelfuls of compost around the base of the pole, and with a sharp steel rake make a hill of fine dirt over the compost. Five or six beans should be planted to each hill, but if all grow should be thinned out to two or three. If the young plants do not climb the poles readily at the first start, they should be}{\f0\fs24\b0 [}{\f0\fs24\b0 46]\~trained up and tied till they begin to take hold for themselves. Be careful, in planting Lima beans, to push them into the soil with the eye down, for, as the first leaves are quite large and heavy, it assists them materially in breaking through the soil to plant them in this manner}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 King of the Garden.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 This is a new variety, in which the green beans are of unusual size and very fine quality. I have seen half an acre planted with this variety which I am sure had at that time more than twice the quantity of beans that could be grown on the same ground of the ordinary kinds; vines were loaded with clusters of pods seven to eight inches in length, and it was no rarity to see them with five very large beans in a pod. From its great productiveness and the fine quality of the beans, it deserves the first place among the Limas.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Piles of salted shit.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }