{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Give woman a hair comb. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Cant give that, you won\u8217\'92t have anything to hold up your hair.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Oh no, what will I ever do.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla, pressentation matters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tis a new style. Pella, I just gave that woman ease of life for a year. All it cost me was the pain of having my hair touching my shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella takes off her comb and gives it to seculla.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Brains and beauty. Luckiest fuck. Both of you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Your brother is not attractive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That is precisely what makes him so lucky. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ugly as fuck and yet he\u8217\'92s got you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla grew up with nothing. When asked asked about her childhood she told people that she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember much about that time in her life. She\u8217\'92d say her memories as a little girl growing up in Hrk\u8217\'92s port city of Cask were just flashes, little vignettes of woe at the edges of things. Caskan children are always at the edges of things, soaking up the dark adumbrations that dribble off thicker hides, especially in the reed ghettos, where a naked woman sprinting through the street kicks up laughter instead of concern. Same goes for a bloody drunken brawl. One time Seculla watched two men beat the piss out of each other because they couldn\u8217\'92t agree on which one of them was better suited to take care of a shaggy brown dog. That drew belly laughs from everyone watching. That one was especially brutal because one of the men didn\u8217\'92t get back up. He was bald - a little bit of trivia that stayed sharp through the memory fuzz because that was the first time Seculla had ever seen blood come out of a skull. Blood from a skull is a bit darker, somehow, more syrupy. All thick and sticky. It seeped out of an invisible crack in the crown of that man\u8217\'92s head and it pooled on the ground under his ear. Seculla was five.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t remember much,\u8221\'94 Seculla would sometimes say, though that wasn\u8217\'92t true. Seculla had an excellent memory. It was a bit blurry in places but she remembered all the key moments. She organized them all by theme: stories about loss, stories about hope, stories about oppression, and so on. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wht kind of freak categorizes her life like that? A politician does.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For twenty-five years Seculla kept her stories clean and dusted for her summer tours. She knew that if you want to get elected to the Plenty then you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to tell stories, personal stories especially. They\u8217\'92re so damned useful. If you want to get a person to vote for you, you\u8217\'92ve got to get them to believe in you. Tell them the right story about yourself and they will. Most of them will. Enough of them anyways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a secret to telling stories. That secret is a pillar of political rhetoric. It took Seculla a good decade and at least four weepy nights, sitting on a roof, wondering if she\u8217\'92d ever amount to anything in order to figure it out. The secret is a simple, one that every good politician knows but keeps close to the chest. It is this: people don\u8217\'92t really care about where she came from or why she was the person she was. They only cared to the extent they saw their own lives reflected in her. It wasn\u8217\'92t about her, it was about them. To get someone to believe in her, to vote for her, even to die for her, she had to tell them the right}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 story about themselves. Then she had to give them something. Stories only go so far.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tell a poor a story about why they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re poor and then you seal the deal with a gift of bread. Tell a rich a story about why they\u8217\'92re rich and then you give them, well, that\u8217\'92s a matter of statecraft. But the principle of the thing is always true. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some stories have universal rhetorical utility. She could tell them to rich and poor alike, and get value out all the same, even if for different reasons. Like that story about the brawl over the dog. It was a good one. It resonated with the poor because it showed how the fringes of Hrkan society was so strung out and isolating that men would kill each other for just a little bit of animal kinship. The rich liked it because the setting was a place devoid of Sol\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light, and the poor, the unscrubbed, their killing, their drink, their death, well they\u8217\'92re doing it all to themselves, aren\u8217\'92t they? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All this extra commentary goes unspoken, of course. If anyone ever asked Seculla what one of her stories meant, or even if there was a meaning, well she knew better than to get in her own way. When she told stories she stuck to the raw events. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how she mobilized people. She didn\u8217\'92t get there through heady logic and reason or facts and figures. She got under the skin, curdled the blood, and made a man\u8217\'92s bone marrow tingle so that he couldn\u8217\'92t sit still unless he got up and did something about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One story above all others held special significance for Seculla. It was the story of how she and her mother came to Hrk. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like sharing it because it was too foundational, gave people too firm a grip on her as a person. Pella was trying to convince her to bring it out. Pella was her friend, her strategist, and her sister-in-law all wrapped in up into one thin, bookish woman. The two of them were sitting in private horse-drawn carriage that rumbled down the Hrk\u8217\'92s Grand Boulevard. They were headed towards the House of Plenty where Seculla was due for a reckoning. Pella thought the story would help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s obvious what they\u8217\'92re going to do,\u8221\'94 Pella said. She was busy draining blood from a bowl of dead cobbeetles into a long-necked green glass bottle. The deep red blood was to be the coloring for Seculla\u8217\'92s lipstick. The jostling carriage made this process more difficult than usual. It was too bad they were in such a rush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think today\u8217\'92s the day they try it?\u8221\'94 Seculla asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella looked up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What else could it be about? It\u8217\'92s the obvious play. You technically aren\u8217\'92t a member of the Plenty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By rights I should Head of the Plenty. You know they\u8217\'92re saying I got more votes than the next three electors combined.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And they\u8217\'92re going to point out that it\u8217\'92s you\u8217\'92re husband that got those votes. Yes, I know, a vote for your husband is a vote for you, but the Body of the Plenty is going to try to end this bait and switch. They\u8217\'92re going to demand that Danserd shows up instead of you or they\u8217\'92ll call a vote and try to remove his seat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 My }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 seat.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone knows its }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  seat. The point is that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll charge Danserd on grounds of dereliction. I mean you\u8217\'92ve heard the arguments in the street already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I\u8217\'92ve heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re saying the wife consolt fill in was never intended to be a permane-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said I\u8217\'92d }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 heard. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God. It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter. They\u8217\'92re not stupid enough to go through with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seculla, if there\u8217\'92s one thing I\u8217\'92ve learned from growing up around my father and his friends, it\u8217\'92s to never underestimate the greed, the hubris, and the self-importance of a politician.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Seculla returned an irritated glare through half-lidded eyes. Pella was the only person she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d let off after a friendly rib. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh please,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re all selfish degenerates by nature, and you know it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why can\u8217\'92t we do what we did last time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean bring Danserd in for a day?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Have Danserd drink his brew and get all sweaty and then march him right into Plenty to prove he\u8217\'92s sick.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That won\u8217\'92t work because this session wasn\u8217\'92t called by the Head of Plenty. It\u8217\'92s the Mazydoro who called it. There\u8217\'92ll be a judgment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who told you that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No one. It\u8217\'92s the only thing that makes sense. The only way they\u8217\'92d have the balls to do this is if they knew we couldn\u8217\'92t bog them down in technicalities.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need to make it about you. Not Danserd. It\u8217\'92s your seat after all. Everyone knows it. The people vote for you, not Danserd. Make it about you. And listen, you have got to play up the immigrant aspect. You\u8217\'92re not a woman, you\u8217\'92re an immigrant. Half the Plenty is immigrants. All of Hrk is obsessed with immigrants. It\u8217\'92s the living proof that Sol\u8217\'92s light shines on this city. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 You}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  are the living proof. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s our angle.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re bleeding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella looked down to see she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d poured a little bug-blood into her lap. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, shit. You get what I mean, though, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course Seculla understood. If there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s one thing all of Hrk loves, especially the privileged class, it\u8217\'92s the story of an immigrant paddling up the Hrk and coming into the city\u8217\'92s embrace. Hrkans have an old word for this event: \u8216\'91Soliriklr\u8217\'92. It means something like, \u8216\'91Sol\u8217\'92s light scrubbing off the filth\u8217\'92. It\u8217\'92s accompanied by a particular sting of enlightenment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The journey, or the story, always starts the same, with incredulity. People who have never been to Hrk don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see what the big deal is. To them, Hrkans are a conceited bunch, prone to exaggeration. They\u8217\'92re always talking about the city, playing the place up; the temples everywhere, the people everywhere, the food, the wine, the wealth, the sheer size of it. They don\u8217\'92t shut up about it. It\u8217\'92s always, \u8220\'93like we do in Hrk,\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93wouldn\u8217\'92t pass in Hrk,\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93you\u8217\'92d love it in Hrk\u8221\'94. \u8220\'93Hrk, Hrk, Hrk\u8221\'94. It\u8217\'92s like a cat coughing up a hairball. They get so annoying that all along the Strait there\u8217\'92s a vibrant black-market trade in stories of Hrkkan depravity, because if you spend an evening at a tavern chatting up a Hrk, you\u8217\'92ve got to balance out the humors with something dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Seculla was a girl in Cask, she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to look hard for reasons to hate the Hrks. Outside looking in, that might seem odd, since Cask sat at the mouth of the Hrk river. One would imagine that Hrk\u8217\'92s port city would be rich, and young Seculla would be swimming in luxury. But everything good filtered right through it, and that was real, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  easy to get upset about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla would speak of one sunny day when she was about seven. Her father was still asleep from a three-day bender and her mother had been off with the boats around the horn, so poor Seculla hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t eaten anything other than bug-butts for days. She was starving. She remembered standing knee deep in the still water of a tidal pool, and through the reeds she spied a tide of barges floating right on by. The long platforms of these barges were packed tight with ox-sized canvas bags that were each filled to nearly bursting with grain. None of the boats were stopping. She was standing there, poor little girl, hungrier than she\u8217\'92d ever been, and food enough for all of Cask five times over was right there, swimming away from her. To top it off, the bargemen\u8217\'92s sticks were dipping in time to the rhythm of a haughty work-song that sang of wives, thighs, and mistresses playing hard to get. The throaty refrain was all about what the men would do to the girls once they caught them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now this story-to-set-up-the-story wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, strictly speaking, true. Seculla had finessed the details, which themselves were mostly true, only they weren\u8217\'92t so intimately connected. Seculla\u8217\'92s father }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a drunk. Her mother did go off for days to chase shoals of mackerel around the horn. Seculla had spent plenty of time alone with hunger, and she ate bug-butts and played in tidal pools. The song about chasing women was a popular one. The grain barges floating by where a regular sight in early autumn. The only }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  lie here was that there was always a little something on the barges for Seculla and her family. It was never enough, though, only a half empty-sack the size of Seculla herself, enough grain to last the family a couple of weeks. Even if they had the money they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allowed to buy any more than that. So Seculla didn\u8217\'92t think of it as lying. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The furthest she was willing to go was to say she was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91stretching the truth\u8217\'92, but even that felt like pulling a tooth. She\u8217\'92d take up arms if someone called it a \u8216\'91white lie\u8217\'92. This compact little narrative that she\u8217\'92d created, the way that it condemned the ruthless efficiency with which Hrk sucked all wealth towards its administrative center, it was no lie. It was, in her own words, a \u8220\'93sum of truths, and so it is truer than true\u8221\'94. Stacking isolated truths atop each-other like that, a cruel pastiche of callous indifference, it showed a larger truth with a clarity that was impossible to ignore. The most shrewd rhetorician in all the Plenty couldn\u8217\'92t dance around it. Hrk, despite its glory, despite it\u8217\'92s special dispensation handed down to it\u8217\'92s royal family, handed down by Sol Himself when He still walked the earth, Hrk the great city at the center of civilization, this Hrk had lost its way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Then her father died. This was a regular truth that had no deeper meaning. It was a mere happening, not important at all to the bigger picture. Sometimes Seculla skipped over the telling of it. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say, \u8220\'93Then my mother ran into a bit of bad business. She had to sell everything. There was only enough left over to buy two spots on a slave barge, for me and her, and then off we went up river.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From Cask, it takes five days to get to the Hrkkan outlands. Most of this way is wetlands. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not a single self-contained river that\u8217\'92s easy to follow, it\u8217\'92s a river delta infested with tidegrass. It is easy to get lost out there if one strays from the congested center thoroughfare with its stream of rowboats, stickboats, and barges. For little Seculla it was as boring a place as could be, because tidegrass is six feet tall and blocks the view, and for those five days in the delta there\u8217\'92s nothing but rank upon rank of tidegrass in every direction. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tidegrass blocked the wind, too, so things got sweaty as soon as the sun came up. The slave barge had a wide, canvas sunshade suspended overhead, but that did little to protect against the heat. Going for a swim did nothing because the shallow, slow moving water in the delta felt like a }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the third day in the delta, two slaves on the barge died. As Seculla told it, they died from neglect. There was enough clean water on-board for everyone. These two poor souls weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allowed a drink because the fat, scruffy slaver who owned the boat wouldn\u8217\'92t let them, and he was the kind of short-tempered squabbler who brooked no argument. He said the two old men wouldn\u8217\'92t fetch a penny, and he swore that he would toss anyone overboard who disagreed with him on that. When Seculla tried to give the poor wretches water behind his back, she was stopped by the only caring adult Seculla had ever known: her mother. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, this part of the story never happened. Slaves didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t actually die on-board Seculla\u8217\'92s boat. In fact, Seculla and her mother had smuggled themselves atop a troop transport, not a slaver\u8217\'92s barge. The death of those two slaves was another bit of \u8220\'93truer than true\u8221\'94 fantasy. No one ever doubted it because slaves }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  die on route to Hrk, and dying from overheat is hardly the worst way they go. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not uncommon to see a grubbed up corpse with a branded belly tangled amongst the reeds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What was important was that this bit of truth, this \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91truer than true\u8217\'92 truth, it explained how Hrk managed to get away with pilfering the wealth of the world: it was through fear, fear conquering compassion. When Seculla told this story, she was careful to craft it in such a way that people didn\u8217\'92t get angry at the slaver; the slaver, his malice, that was a common evil, and such baseness is written into the fabric of Life by Sol\u8217\'92s dark brother. No, Seculla wanted the people angry at her mother for capitulating to him. To this end Seculla dwelled  on the stress and shame in her mothers eyes as she held back Seculla\u8217\'92s helping hand - an expressionless face not daring to pretend . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The believability of it all was kept steady by the skill with which Seculla padded out the scene with familiar details. The tidegrass was an important note. Tidegrass everywhere. Tidegrass with their stiff stems all dusted in brown silt which marked the high point of the tide. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d remark on the little white snails that clung to them for dear life, and smile out at the audience and they\u8217\'92d smile back because they\u8217\'92d remembered them too. And the color is unforgettable, vibrant color, how the brown of the stalk shifts into into yellow above the waterline, then shifts again into a healthy, leafy green. And inside the bunches of tidegrass are the bird nests that can\u8217\'92t be seen. Seculla knew they were there because whenever the barge approached too close to a bunch of tidegrass a frightening squawk would blurt out. It was a call of warning. Then another nesting bird some ways away would pick up the call and squawk in response, and then that call would echo out, and then a more distant bird picked it up, kept it up, and then another, then another, and on and on until the siren sound wore itself out somewhere in the infinite distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twice a day the tide went out and whatever waterway the barge was in would be reduced to a mud flat. With the river bottom exposed the life under the water was revealed: shoals of oysters, black crabs scuttling from hole to hole, mudkips trudging through the muck and into the shade of the reeds. Not all the water was gone. In the middle of this tidal mud plain there was still a thin, silver ribbon of water winding its way towards the sea. This was the Rivgula - the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91River Under the River\u8217\'92, and it played a critical role in Hrkkan mythology. It is a story that every Hrkan knows. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back when Sol walked the earth, he told Saulistides, founder of Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s royal line, to follow the River Under the River to its source. Saulistides followed it, and it led it him safely through the delta. Back then, the unfamiliar journey took twelve days, and this was a time of great drought, so it was walked, not paddled, and it wasn\u8217\'92t just the delta that was drained, the river proper had been reduced to a trickle. All this meant that Saulistedes could follow the Rivgula with ease, even as it led out of the river bed. He followed it inland for a mile where he discovered an eternal spring, and there, with Sol\u8217\'92s guidance, he founded the city of Hrk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even now, the Rivgula still flows. And this was true. True in the regular sense, but also \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91truer than true\u8217\'92 sense, because despite the erosion of justice, fairness, tolerance, and pity, the city of Hrk was still Sol\u8217\'92s chosen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Outlands begin when the reeds give way to solid land and all the many distributaries of the Hrk converge into single whole. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a clearly defined riverbank and it\u8217\'92s edged with cypress trees and cicada shrills. The outland beyond the bank is grassland, grazing land, with barely a person or structure, but there is plenty of cattle. Seculla smelled the beasts long before she ever saw them, for the wind was in her face and it blew the bewildering stench of manure up into her nose whether she liked it or not. For a while she breathed through her mouth but as the boat drew nearer the herds the stench grew so pungent that it seemed as if she could taste it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was the first sign of the impossible scale of Hrkan civilization, that she could smell the cattle miles before seeing them. Then she could hear them - at first it was nothing but a faint hum in the atmosphere. She asked a bargeman what that odd noise was, and the man looked at her like she was dumb. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just wait and see.\u8221\'94 A full hand later and the sound was loud enough locate; just beyond a shrubby hill. And that sound was more than mooing. It was the thunder of an army on march. A cloud of dust rose into the air. The water quaked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the barge floated around a tight river bend and suddenly, there the cattle were, arrayed all along the countryside, number beyond counting. There were so many that it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a march of beasts so much as it was a storm of them, a single fluid mass that undulated around rock and tree and sent out arms to every nook and cranny where shrubbush likely grew. The cattle formed a living whole, a creature greater than the sum of its parts, with its own logic, its own smell, its own rumbling growl. Seculla\u8217\'92s eyes watered up in amazement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bargeman caught her gaping. He quipped, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just wait until we get to the corrals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This part of Seculla\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Hrkan journey happened exactly how she told it. There was no fiddling with the truth of the outland herds because within any captive audience there is always a few who will speak up if she\u8217\'92d say anything different, for everyone sees the herds the same. It didn\u8217\'92t matter who she was or where she came from or what she believed about Hrk, its wealth or its excess, everyone sees the herds the same. The sight, the sound, the smell - the gestalt of sense-experience overwhelms the narrative self and electrifies the soul. To make it seem like it wasn\u8217\'92t so great or if she tried to downplay the management capabilities of the Mazydoro, well it wasn\u8217\'92t impossible to do, it just only really worked in a private setting where Seculla could tailor her  conversational control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a lesson in this story of herd. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a profound lesson, but it was a truer-truth. The lesson was this: the shortest route to someone\u8217\'92s soul is through the senses, through sight and smell and sound. Seculla could spend a lifetime trying to get a gaggle of generals to follow her by crafting the right story or speech with meticulous care, but why bother with the effort when the right perfume could do the trick?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, Seculla did both, because why not? Everything can always be better. Nonetheless, sensation was the foundation. For it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t words that triggered in little Seculla that sense of awe at the outland herds. It was the smell of gas and manure, and how it stayed on her clothes even after they\u8217\'92d drifted upwind. It was the sight of the unbridled mass. It was the sound of thunder jumbling her bones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The key for Seculla in her age of political largess was to find the right arrangement of dress, makeup, perfume, and carriage that would transform her into something more than human. She was naturally beautiful so the effort easy. She was slender, with long dark hair, piercing blue eyes, and brows that gave her face a hawkish look. She had her own perfumer, a man she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d found shilling flower salts in cheapside, and this man understood her wants exactly: fragrances that were barely there but had reach and lingered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When giving speeches to the House of Plenty, Seculla would step off the central lectern, walk around the Plenty circle, and let the all the men take in her beauty and aroma as she chastised them for their greed. Stepping off the lectern to speak had never been done before. It caused an outburst the first time she did it, but there weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any rules against it. In time others did it too, first as a joke, a \u8216\'91parody of Seculla\u8217\'92s feminine wiles\u8217\'92, but then it became commonplace. Whenever another member of the Plenty would circulate the room, Seculla would smile to herself, because these men had know idea }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 why }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 she would leave the lectern to speak. They thought it was some performative trick, that perhaps the act of moving around added energy and gusto and certainty to words coming out of her belly - and it did, a little, but mostly it was about the sensation of the her, of Seculla the Divine, and when these men walked the circle they smelled like sweat and molasses. The old ones were the worst. She had to stop a few members of her own party from doing it. They had no appreciation for how smell helps to define a creature. That conscious thought had just never entered their heads. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s who she was dealing with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, the outlands are so extensive that it takes four more days of barging upriver for the pasture to give way to a vast network of irrigation canals. This place is called the farmlands, for the land is flat and fertile and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gridded up by right-angled roads. Square plots of variegated crops radiate out into the distance, quilting the surface of the earth for as far as Seculla\u8217\'92s eye could see. Mostly it was wheat and barley for bread and drink, and browngrass that can be pulped and processed into shiny textiles. The rest was filled with all manner of plants that Seculla had never seen, and all of them had tall, leafy stalks and grew as thick as mat of .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were little cities scattered throughout this countryside. The bargemen called them \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91villages\u8217\'92, but some of their thatched halls and windmill towers were bigger than any in Cask. If Cask was a city then those were cities. There weren\u8217\'92t enough of them, though. Little Seculla doubted there\u8217\'92d be enough people in all the world to reap this harvest. And this was just the southern quarter. This farmland, Seculla was told, goes on and on and it circles around the City Proper (which can\u8217\'92t even be seen yet). The Hrkan world is so big that the land up north is so far away that it sits in a different clime. It\u8217\'92s rain-watered land, wet enough for trees and fruiting bodies and thirsty nuts and giant tuberous roots. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was an incredible claim and Seculla\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knee-jerk reaction was to doubt it as just another Hrkan hyperbole. Then the bargeman told her that it would take another four days to reach Hrk\u8217\'92s southern wall. That\u8217\'92s four days of farmland, four days of cities radiating out from the river. How many cities in all? The bargemen said more than twenty. How is this possible? By the light of Sol, by the power of the King, and by the wisdom of the Mazydoro.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Four days later she came to the City Proper. Hrk, the city of stone and monuments, ringed by Pilstedes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 Wall, which is six feet thick, twenty feet high. If its stones were piled together it would be its own mountain. It sits on the horizon like a and it circles the entire city.  but that seems hard to believe, because }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impossible to overstate how daunting the wall is for a newcomer who is piddling up the river. Because the earth here is flat you can spy the wall from a good ways off. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s two days from the edge of the farmlands to the edge of the city proper, which is marked by Pilstedes\u8217\'92 Wall. The wall is made from granite blocks were quarried from exposed bedrock in distant north. The grey stone seems out of place amidst the reeds and mud. And the thing is }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seculla was born in the poorer part of Cask, which was itself the poorer part of the river Hrk. As a port city it shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been poor, but Cask was Hrk\u8217\'92s port city, and Hrk proper has a way sucking all the world\u8217\'92s wealth towards its administrative center with ruthless efficiency.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t always the case. There was a time, decades before Seculla, when Caskans could carve out a little something for themselves. The world was smaller then and Cask\u8217\'92s boatmen and farmers didn\u8217\'92t have to compete with anyone else. Then Hrk exploded out of its borders, and when Hrkkan armies embarked from Cask and crossed the Strait they took Hrkkan markets with them. Dried fish and grain were shipped back in incredible quantities. Prices for local Caskan harvests were driven down into the dirt. Common folk couldn\u8217\'92t break even. Then came the slaves of war, the free labor, and as a consequence, only the elite could get by. Most everyone else in Cask sold their lands, or sold their own freedom, or tried to outrun their debts by fleeing. They fled north east into the Uher valley, or fled across the water and settled down into the Sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For example, one story she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d often tell to eager partisans as arrayed before her was one that played nicely with . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The story of Hrk that stayed with Seculla, when she was a child in Cask, was the story of the Shiviti road. There once was a road that connected the sprawling city of Hrk to Cask. The road\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purpose was to be a straight line alternative to the river, which took five days by barge to get from the coast to Hrk\u8217\'92s outlands. The river curls up on itself so often that the mileage is more than doubled. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At this time there was a new crop berry called fushberry, and it only grew on the hills of northern Jandria, just across the strait. The fushberry bush sent it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fruits out right after the summer Shisl rains, so it was hot, and the berry only kept fresh, for at most, a week.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That straight-line road was short lived because the land south of the outland was a grassy marsh. Hrkkan engineers thought they could overcome it. They were a hydraulic civilization, centuries old, and figured they knew how to tame the elements. They built a mound of stone, gravel, and clay  The problem was that  because to maintain the road the Hrkkans had to maintain the long, winding mound it was built on, and that kept getting washed out by flooding.  The thing gets washed out and muddied. The stones laid down disappear under layers of mud or get washed way altogether when monsoons come. If}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a tale of hubris and excess. Foreigners make fun. They wonder what kind of nation of idiots would dream to cut through marsh like that, tame Nature. THat is, until they make journey up the Hrk for themselves and see the scale of the Hrkkans have done.}}