{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a common train of thought in religious (and sometimes secular) circles that says there\u8217\'92s no need for conflict between religion and science because religion answers \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92 and science answers \u8216\'91how\u8217\'92. Unfortunately, this view makes religion completely irrelevant, because every \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92 question can be answered by \u8216\'91how\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How?\u8221\'94 You may ask? I\u8217\'92ll tell you how.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab On the surface, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how\u8217\'92 is mechanical, it is asking about method, whereas \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92 is more philosophical, it is asking about purpose. It seems conceivable, then, that two different methods probing two different questions might never overlap. And this works, as long as you assume that in Nature, method and purpose are divisible things. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab But is it right to make that assumption? Is it not reasonable to suggest that \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how\u8217\'92 depends upon \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92, and vice-versa? At the very least, shouldn\u8217\'92t \u8216\'91how\u8217\'92 should reveal something about the \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To illustrate:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why was the novel written?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because the author wanted to tell a story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How was the novel written?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The author pushed on the keys of a typewriter to form words on paper.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here, the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how\u8217\'92 has a reference to the being of intentionality that forms the crux of the \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92 - that is to say, it mentions the author. Any answer to \u8216\'91how was the novel written\u8217\'92 would be incomplete without some direct reference to the author. And whats more, a truly complete answer will go into the research that the author did and how he came up with his ideas. From this you will learn \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92 he wrote the novel. (E.G. to answer how J.R.R. Tolkein wrote LOTR, you\u8217\'92d have to mention his quaint life in england, how this shaped his experiences of WWI, how he became a linguist, how he invented the elvish language, and so on).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think a better division between science and religion is to say that religion makes claims to Truth, whereas science makes claims to the Most Reasonable Conclusion. Often these can be two separate things, because the Most Reasonable Conclusion is limited by the available evidence, and so it may not be pointing towards truth. It can be logically consistent to believe that something is True (God created the earth in 6 days), even if you admit that it is not the Most Reasonable Conclusion (Earth formed via gravitational forces over millions of years). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }}