{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ecological niche-construction.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Humans shaping the environment.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Delayed return.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fynbos (fine bush) in south africa. Included among the plants o fthe fynbos is a flower called watsonia, a member of the lily family. Like its relative the gladiolus, it has a sizable corm, or bubl, which in the case of watsonia is edible. When fynbos vegetation is deliberatly burned off, watsonia grows back with its density per acre increased five to ten times. It seems the occupants of the region had disocvered this fact.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fish - heads removed and bodies smoked and dried to be eaten later.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dense mats of sedge called purple nut grass were exposed. The sedge mats were ten feet wide, and every ten-square-foot section could produce an incredible 21k tubers. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The plant collectors at wadi kubbaniya had learned that during october and november the nut grass tubers were small and tender; by february and march they had grown larer and harder and were filled with bitter alkaloids. Even these mature tubers, however, could be rendered edible by grinding them on stones and roasting them. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Drying soking grinding rooasting and storing - stretch temporary abundance into months of food.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The houses at mezhirich were unlike anything seen previously. The structures were probably framed with birch or willow poles and roofed with mammoth hide, non of which has been preserved. What survived were the walls built of mammoth bones stacked to the roof. Dewlling 1 was made from 95 lower jaws of mammoths, laid chin down using a herringbone pattern. The building of dwelling 4 alternated layers of chin-up and chin-down mandibles.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hunters used mammoth tusk ivory to make figurines, pendants, bracelets, and scrimshawed plaques. Most remarkable, however, was monumental work of art found in dwelling 1. Here, someone had propped up a mammoth skull and painted its forehead with dots, parallel lines, and branching designs in red ocher. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dwelling for blood magic.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some of their chipped stone was quartz crystal, beads of amber, beats of fossil marine shell. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Although one is born into a family, one must be initiated into a clan. That initiation requires rituals during which clan secrets are revealed to initiates, and they undergo an ordeal of some kind,}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rosseau felt that to understnd the origins of inequality, one had to go back to a long-ago time when nature providded all human needs, and the only differences among individuals lay in their strength agility, and intelligence. People had both \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91anarchic freedom\u8217\'92 (no government or law) and \u8216\'91personal freedonm\u8217\'92 (no sovereign master or immediate superior). Individuals of that time, which rousseau called the \u8216\'91state of nature\u8217\'92, displayed self-respect but eschewed self-love. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Most anthropologists do not like the phrase \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91state of nature\u8217\'92. They do not believe in a time when archaic modern humans had so little culture that their behavior was directed largely by nature. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Some 4,000 years ago, foreshadowed later eskimo culture. The people using these small tools kept warm in semi-subterranean houses with the tunnel entrances, essentially a sod-covered version of the later igloo.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The netsilik eskimo of the central canadian arctic believed that earth had always existed. During mythological time, however, humans lived in perpetual darkness like that of hte arctic winter - no sunlight, no animals, and no pleasure o r suffering existed. Then nuliajuk, an orphan girl pushed from a kaya, sank to the ocean bottom and became mistress of the sea. She then create all animals, all hard work, and all pleasure.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 During this primordial era, both humans and animals could speak, and there was little difference between them. Finally the arctic hare cried out for \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91day\u8217\'92, and there was light; but day was forced to alternate with night, because the nocturnal arctic fox cried out for \u8216\'91darkness\u8217\'92. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At first there were no netsilik, only the tunrit, or \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91old ones\u8217\'92, superhuman beings who rendered the land uninhabitable. The tunrit left when the netsiliik arrived, but not before they had invented the leister for spearing fish, the long stone walls for driving caribou on foot, the weir for fishing, and the craft of hunting caribou from cayaks. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the cosmology of the netsilik, a gradual process of differentiation created deities, humans, and animals out of porimordial chaos. Pleasure and suffering were established to give life meaning. With the crystallization of the visible world came the establishment of moral order, a series of prohibitions to control wickedness and promote restraint.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Because humans and animals had breath, they could interact with the spirit of the air, giving htem more power than plants or rocks. The difference between humans and animals was that humans had names; ones name was so magical that it made oe superior to a caribou or seal. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Like many foraging societies, the eskimo believed that humans would be reincarnated. They were stoic in the face of death because they saw it as a recycling of the sould from one body to another. An occasional elderly eskimo, tired of the struggle against hunger and cold, took his or her own life, confident  of returning as a newborn. So strong was this belief that babies might be given the name of a deceased elder, or even referred to as grandmother or grandfather.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eskimos loved children, but in a land where starvation was endemic, their belief in reincarnation made infanticide a pragmatic decision in a time of stress. When a family knew that it could not aford another mouth to feed, it might simply leave a newborn outside to freeze - in effect, saying to its spirit, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91please come back later; this is not a good time.\u8217\'92 This act was performed before the infant had been named, so that the recycled spirit within it would not be insulted; indeed, without the magic of a name, the tiny creature was not yet human. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 During famins, all food was shared with neighbors . After a successful hunt, the actual slayer of each caribou was identified by the markings on his arrow. The meat was then divided by rule, with the slayer receiving the forntal portion and his hunting companions the rest. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Socrucial was food sharing that the eskimo used ridicule to prevent hoarding and greed. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Use long fences of boulders to divert the caribou toward the bowmen. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Netsilik hunters shared meat of seal 12-ways to strengthen social obnds. Can become hereditary. When two adult hunters became habitual partners, they often arranged for tehir sons to be future partners. If one partner were to die, he could be replaced by someone with the same personal name. This act followed logically from the premise that any two people who shared the same name were magically linked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This meat sharing relationship formed allliances}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A ring of postholes suggests that the hut had a conical roof, made of branches and daubed with clay to protect the occupants from wind and snow. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The bedrock was pitted with sinkholes and became watering places, crucial landmarks in a world with only ten inches of rain. Broadlief trees. Sand dunes supported ricinodendron trees whose nuts supplied the kung people with half their plant food. Areas of hardpan supported commiphora plants, the preferred food of the beetles whose pupae the kung converted into poison for their arrows.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Called the magic n/um.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Use humor to prevent feelings of superiority.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A hunter asking for help in hauling a magnificent kill to his camp would be told, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91you think this skinny bag of bones is worth carrying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 If one wants to be well thought of, he will be generious. If he strays from this ideal, he will be reminded of it with humor. If he persists in not sharing - he will be actively disliked.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was not the intrinsic value of the gift that mattered. The real value of hxaro was that it created a network of partners, often living up to 50 miles away, whose camps one could visit in times of scarcity. Whole families coudl visit other camps for up to half a year, sharing food and water, after which the visitors were allowed to build their own shelter. \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  ShaRing of limited resources - the humanity.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 We wonder if clanless hunters, forbidden by society from accumulating surplus food, may instead have been accumulating social obligations. Their allged altruism, in other words, could be seen as a self-serving investment, a way of obligating their guests to host htem in the future when their situations were reversed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A hunter is not allowed to shame his partners with gifts so large that they could not be matched. Later societies with clans will use lavish gifts to create the impression of inequality.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 First born childrend were often named for a grandparent of the same sex. So magic were names that if an unrelated person received the same name as someone\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s sibling, that person would be treated as if he or she }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 were}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  that sibling.  }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Having no unit larger than an extended family allowed for great flexibility. As resources waxed and waned, camps could move and families coudl aggregate or disperse as needed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But when times were tough, need to seek hospitality of unrelated neighbors. Uhaving no kin group larger than the extended family was a disadvantage. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 So they had extensive networks of honorary kinsmen. Later, agri societies turn gifts and magic names into sources of inequality.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 When the fruits of the cordia and slavadora bushes becam ripe, families converged on these groves and lived in larger camps. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Camps\u8217\'92 not clans as the meaningful social unit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dry season camps tended to be larger because this was the season of big game, and everyone wanted to live near the most skilled hunters.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hadza moved camp to be near recently killed game, to abandon a camp where someone had died; to obtain wood for arrow shafts, trade, etc.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 During the summer rains they might occupy rock shelters. In the dry season they lived outdoors in ephemeral huts or windbreaks. Their most substantial camps lay usually within a mile of water.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 None of the quadrants of their world were considered exclusive territories. Anyone could hunt, collect wild plants or draw water. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Marriage as two men two women. On man two women. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With the creation of clans, an us vs. Them mentality. Murder was removed from individual matter, to a move agains the entire clan, that demanded a group response.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Enter social substitutability -clan b can kill anyone from clan a, even women or children who were innocent of the origial murder.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 This was an area where, as at wadi kubbaniya, foragers relied heavily on seasonally flooded embayents, places where catfish and tilapia  gathered and dense mats of purple nut grass grew. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Jarawa were ambushed so often that, though they usually went around naked, they took to wearing bark armor to ward off arrows.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Cooking sedge bulbs in hot ashes.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One is not simply born aranda or aranban or murngin; it takes years of effort to become a full member of one\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s group.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 While many tribes had enemies for neighbors, there was one person who could travel widely without fear of death: the sacred messenger. The messenger might, for example, be carrying the red-painted forearm bone of a deceased relative,. Owing to his sacred mission, the meessenger could not be harmed. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Aborigines did not believe there was such a thing as inevitable natural death. Death resulted either from homicide or witchcraft.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Breath is the difference between life and death. The wind is breath.  Sacred.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Roy rappaport - religion. Argues that all religion consists of three components. First are the ultimate sacred propositions, beliefs considered irrefutable despite the fact that there is no empirical evidence to support them. These propositions direct the second component, ritual, which must be performed repeatedly and correctly in order to achieve its goals. If done correctly, ritual induces the third component, an awe-inspiring experience.  Because this experience deeply stirs the emotions, it verifies teh sacred propositions in a way that cold, hard logic never could. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ritual is the key component of this self-validating system.  Paraphernalia, costume, pigments, and musical instruments, performed over and over again.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Chimps - dominance hierarchy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Chimps cannot do what human foragers do: accumulate social obligations with their neighbors as a hedge against lean times.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The headmen of foraging groups were not bullies. They were generous modest and diplomatic, because their constituents were too skilled at alliance building to put up with bullies. The fat e of the bully was to lure them into a bush and pincushion them with arrows.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 KEY: early humans considered themselves as part of a natural/supernatural dominance hierarchy, where humans could be nothing more than a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91gamma\u8217\'92. Celestial alphas were the source of the ultimate sacred proposition. Ancestors were beta, and the focus of ritual. Emotions of living gammas was where the awe happens. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Several of the world\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s great monotheistic religions preserve, largely unaltered, the ultimate sacred propositions of aramaic speaking societies that lived too long ago. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ritual subincision.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Examples of overkill were frequent. A middle-aged man, Burial 21, had been hit with 19 flints; projectiles were found in the top of his pelvis, his forearm, his lower leg, his rib cage, and the base of his neck. One young woman, Burial 44, had been hit with 21 flints; three of these were probably the barbs of a spear that penetrated her face and reached the base of her skull. Nor were children spared. Two youngsters interred together, Burials 13 and 14, had flints in their neck vertebrae, each probably representing a\~coup de gr\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u226\'E2ce.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wendorf agrees with Kelly and suspects that two factors led to a history of ambushes at Jebel Sahaba. First, the Nile embayments of that era would have been rich but circumscribed environments, surrounded by desert. Second, there were several groups of people competing for the fish and nut grass of each embayment, apparently ready to defend them with violence if necessary.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ambushes of this kind are too small-scale to be considered war, but they can be nasty, and once begun they can turn into blood feuds that can last for years. While blood feuds tend to arise with clans, there are exceptions to this rule of thumb. In areas of rich resources like those of the tropical Andaman Islands, described later, even clanless foragers could}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0  \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93afford to make enemies of their neighbors,\u8221\'94}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  as Kelly puts it. In the case of Jebel Sahaba, however, we believe that we are dealing with societies with clans. One reason is that the site was a cemetery.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Andaman girl wearing her sisters skull like a backpack.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Because the Aka-Bea and Jarawa spoke different dialects, it was difficult for them to hold peacemaking ceremonies. In areas where there was no such language barrier, the Islanders did negotiate truces. Any man who had killed an enemy took to the jungle for months of ritual purification; in his absence, the women of both groups arranged for the other men to dance and hunt together, ending hostilities for a time.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Wild yams and other tubers were there to be dug up with sticks, and there were pools of standing water with ducks, pelicans, spoonbills, and ibis. The Aborigines used oval shelters called\~wurleys\~and ephemeral lean-tos called\~mia-mia.\~Night found them sleeping in scooped-out hollows, sometimes covered with a kangaroo hide. Day might find them cooking sedge bulbs in hot ashes, like the foragers of Wadi Kubbaniya.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~1. Generosity is admirable; selfishness is reprehensible.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~2. The social relationship created by a gift is more valuable than the gift itself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~3. All gifts should be reciprocated; however, a reasonable delay before reciprocating is acceptable.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~4. Names are magic and should not be casually assigned.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~5. Since all humans are reincarnated, ancestors\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 names should be treated with particular respect.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~6. Homicide is unacceptable. A killer\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s relatives should either execute him or pay reparations to the victim\u8217\'92s family.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~7. Do not commit incest; get your spouse from outside your immediate kin.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~8. In return for a bride, the groom should provide her family with services or gifts.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \~\~9. Marriage is a flexible economic partnership; it allows for multiple spouses and variations.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 10. Men have the capacity to be more virtuous or ritually pure than women.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 11. Youths should defer to seniors.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 12. Late arrivals should defer to those who were here first.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In those societies that featured lineages, clans, or ancestor-based descent groups, the following new premises appeared:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 13. When lineages grow and divide, the junior lineage should defer to the senior lineage, since the latter was here first.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 14. You are born into your family, but you must be initiated into your clan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 15. The bad news is that initiation will be an ordeal. The good news is that you will learn ritual secrets, become more fully a member of your ethnic group, and perhaps gain virtue.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 16. Any offense against a member of your lineage or clan, such as murder or serious insult, is an offense against that entire social unit. It requires a group response against some member (or members) of the offending group.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 17. Any armed conflict should be followed by rituals of peacemaking.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Another widespread principle is that in life there are no accidents; everything happens for a reason. If you fall ill, it is because you have offended a spirit. If you die, it is because someone has worked witchcraft on you. Failed hunts are the outcome of hunting magic done wrong. Failed harvests are the result of rituals incorrectly performed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Anthropologists define\~myth\~as a folktale believed to be true and regarded as sacred. Myth differs from\~legend,\~which is also believed to be true but not regarded as sacred.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It is not predetermined who the alphas will be. Chimps live in troops, and their social structure emerges from a series of interactions among individuals in the troop. These interactions, some confrontational, determine who the alphas, betas, and gammas will be. Nor is the hierarchy set in stone; betas have been seen forming alliances to overthrow an alpha by force. One of the victorious betas then takes over the fallen leader\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s place.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 According to primatologists\~John\~Mitani, David Watts, and Martin Miller, one of the ways that male chimps learn to create alliances is by hunting colobus monkeys together and sharing the meat. This food sharing could be seen as a precursor to the sharing of meat by human foragers. It does not, however, extend beyond the limits of the troop. No one has ever seen members of two chimpanzee troops meet at the border between their territories and exchange food. In fact, groups of males from Troop A have been observed ambushing and killing isolated males from Troop B. Thus when a troop of chimps has depleted the food in its territory, it cannot appeal for help to a neighboring troop. Chimps cannot do what human foragers do: accumulate social obligations with their neighbors as a hedge against lean times.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Our Ice Age ancestors temporarily put an end to leadership based on confrontation. As Christopher Boehm reminds us, the headmen of foraging groups were not bullies. They were generous, modest, and diplomatic, because their constituents were too skilled at alliance-building to put up with bullies. The fate of a bully was to be lured into the bush and shot with poisoned arrows.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In addition to transmitting secret ritual information, the churinga ilpintira was designed to elicit an awesome emotional response. Rappaport suspects that the precursors to human emotions might have been the deep bonds of love and dependence seen between mother and neonate in the apes. But emotion in humans evolved to be even stronger, strong enough to make intelligent people do irrational things, strong enough to inspire the selfless acts that strengthen society. Dancing, drinking, and singing for days, as some tribes did, opened a window into the spirit world and thereby confirmed its existence.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \line Society becomes the thing itself. We become its tools.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chumash plank cnoe - 500 man-days of labor to make. The result was a vessel 19 to 22 feet long, made of redwood planks sewn together with milkweed cords and caulked with a mixture of asphalt and pine tar. In contrast to the earlier bulrush vessels, which were only eight \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 First, the ancestors of the historic chumash began pulling in swordfish and tuna, large fish that would have capsized a bulrush vessel. Second, each plank canoe could carry a ton of asphalt from the mainland for future caulking. Third, the channel islanders became producers and middlemen in the shell trade along the california coast. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beads from olive shells, abalone, and pimso clams. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chumash culture - strong hierarchy dominated by chiefs. - monopolized canoes, made themselves middlemen.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lieutenant pedro fages was a spainish sldiers who spent the late 1770s at the mission of san luis obispo and travled among the chumash of the santa barbara coast. He took not of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indain men who, both here and farther inland, are observed in the dress, clothing, and character of women.\u8221\'94 Two or three men in each village.Some he said, permitted others \u8220\'93to practice the execrable, unnatural abuse of their bodies. They are called joyas and are held in great esteem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two-spirit people - supernaturally destined to live life as a member of the opposite sex. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Barkcloth }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Let us now consider how such inequality might have been created. We have seen that generosity and reciprocity were important to egalitarian foragers. Such people expected that all gifts would eventually be reciprocated. They fed visitors who were in need but expected that one day theirgenerosity would be returned. They might loan one of their relatives pat of his bride payment but expected that loan to be repaid one day. With the passage of time, chronic failure to reciprocate was met first with grumbling and later with anger. Unpaid debts could lead to raiding and confiscation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some scholars suspect that in the riche conomy of the pacific northwest, loans and gifts escalated to a level where defaulting was punishable by raiding, captive-taking, and slavery. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While reciprocal exchanges of gifts continued to be important among societies like the nootka, the emergence of inequality led to a new form of wealth transfer - since the chief was seen as owning all salmon fishing localities, those who fished there were obligated to pay him tribute in foodstuffs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tribute is a clear system of inequality but the asymmetrical relationship it reflects can be masked by displays of largesse. So important were these displays (feasts) that followers might abandon stingy chiefs and take up residence witht their more generous rivals.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}