{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everyone stopped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri baked on the canyon floor. There wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much moisture in him, but the dry air was still eager for it. He languished there, sitting amidst a crowd of curious and bitter Vessels. Whispered rumor of marching orders eventually made it back. The word was that Moteah and the horse were going to be kept behind in the tower, with a bevy of men to watch them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The Vessels all thought it was a sensible idea. They reasoned that it was better to dismantle the certain threat which was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Mazidfire instead of preserving it to deal with a rumored threat; a rumor which, by the way, had been conjured by a witch so as to scare off the hand of justice. Most doubted there were any demons larger than a dog left in all the world. Few, if any, believed in such a thing as a king of demons who could not be harmed by their spears. None, it seemed, were able to imagine themselves being lashed to a pole, body ravaged, even though the pilgrim poles could still be seen if they\u8217\'92d simply peer around the bend behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Their lack of fear made Mandri afraid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How could they doubt Elrahet?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were always good reasons to doubt a witch, but it shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have been possible to remember those reasons when there she was, standing high up on her perch like a crow, back bent with a peevish beak, herald of a day of death with the sun was already high and behind her. She was the very essence of doom. See how her stooped figure cast a gnarled spike of shadow down the length of the slope, a shadow thorned by the contours of jumbled rock, sticking here and there into the manicured robes of men who\u8217\'92d paused their climb on Pyetle\u8217\'92s order.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How could all these Hrkan men could ignore her obvious threat? They busied themselves, instead, with killing time. One tall fellow with a tilted chin and rebellious teeth was taking bets on who of the Ayramun would be executed first. Others tended to their aching feet. A circle of hungry smiles were dreaming out loud, in a competitive sort of way, about women. Perhaps if Elrahet had been a few thousand years younger, they might have paid attention to her mood. And then, of course, when Elrahet grumbled something unintelligible, and her grumbling rolled down the rocky slope like warning stones before a landslide, they had the gall to act surprised. Even Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s huddle paused their scheming to wonder if they\u8217\'92d just been cursed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Vessel nearest Mandri, a hard men with a hairy neck, shouted back up at the witch, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shove it back down your throat!\u8221\'94 It was a crude counter curse, but a few chuckles encouraged him, followed by a hearty laugh. Another brave Spark shouted up, \u8220\'93Missed your nap, mam?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frown deepened. \u8220\'93If you value your lives,\u8221\'94 she said, voice spreading up and down the canyon, \u8220\'93you will bring the girl along!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few Vessels tried to pull her from her perch, but she poked them away with her cane and revisited her ire upon the gawking crowd. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only Mazidfire can defeat what awaits us. Without the girl to mete the flame, you will all be dead!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrks fell into fit of laughter. The obviousness of her act was too much for them. When their derision turned to calls for her head, Pyetle stood up on a rock and quieted them all with a serious frown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, grandly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Diligence demands that we search for her rumored beast.\u8221\'94 He paused to dare anyone to challenge him. \u8220\'93However,\u8221\'94 he continued, \u8220\'93I would be a poor mirror for the Lordship if I were to trust a witch blindly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He turned to address Elrahet directly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, but the girl will stay behind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  There, one of the Vessels, a swarthy fellow with a pouncing glare, spat on his shoes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the last bit of water you\u8217\'92ll take from me!\u8221\'94 the man declared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Other Vessels joined in with insults of their own. Evidently they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been driven hard for days, and for whatever reason, they blamed Mandri. One man even patted Mandri\u8217\'92s robes, looking for a waterskin to steal. Of course, he found none.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re movin\u8217\'92 off!\u8221\'94 one Vessel shouted}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could sense an ending in these mountains.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Outside himself, the mood, overall, was eager. The Vessels were a little anxious. Then Pyetle broke his conference and ordered everyone to climb.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If she had been a few thousand years prettier, the Hrks might have paid attention to her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two Vessels went to lift Moteah onto the horse, and there was a short argument over who would have the pleasure of staying behind to guard her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thankfully the daydreamers from before did not win out. Meanwhile, those Vessels still on the slope scrambled up to match Ayram and Elrahet, and those below made to follow, eager to carry on with the hunt.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If any but Sol Himself should touch me,\u8221\'94 Elrahet growled, \u8220\'93his hand will rot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The advancing soldiers hesitated. They looked to Pyetle for guidance. Pyetle looked to his conference of commanders. Each of them shrugged. And while they dithered, Elrahet began to walk up the gently rising wagon path, past the pilgrim poles, and into the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrks were all amused as they watched her amble along, but then she broke off the road and scuttled up a slope to the left, a near vertical scree. Her uncanny strength and speed turned every smug smile into awe. She pulled herself up, stood upon a cropped boulder, then glared back down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This way,\u8221\'94 she grumbled. Her stooped figure cast a gnarled spike of shadow down the length of the scree, a shadow thorned by the contours of the rock, sticking here and there into the robes of the loitering Hrks below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri moved somewhere in the middle of it, sandwiched between two loaves of angry men. On they went, first a climb up the scree to reach Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sinuous route of rock which ran alongside the road. At length, they came to a short stair which bent up and back around. The way then dipped into a tall fissure which split the towering bulk of the Pass\u8217\'92s northern plateau in two. This opening was hardly wider than Mandri\u8217\'92s shoulders, yet every Vessel in front barreled into it without so much as a stutter step.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was picked up, carried, and dropped at Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. The rest of the Ayramun were borne forth in a similar manner, excepting Moteah\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was meant to be kept out of earshot, as a precation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get a torch going!\u8221\'94 Pyetle shouted.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A nearby Vessel unshouldered his pack. He pulled from it a handy stick with a resin-soaked headwrap. He found a bundle of tinder, knapped sparks onto it, encouraged a meager flame with a few blown kisses, then set the torch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head ablaze. He then offered it to Pyetle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give it to the giant,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s going first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grunted, took the torch, then promptly handed it to Moto. Together, they strolled towards the mouth of the temple. Moto led, with torch held high, while Ayram kept close, both hands gripping his spear. Standing at the threshold, Moto thrust his torch into the dark interior, then immediately spun around and cupped his nose in the crook of his elbow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells like stale piss!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb shouted back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would know!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get on with it,\u8221\'94 Pyetle demanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto turned back and stepped into the darkness. Ayram followed. When their cautious movements slackened into unconcern, Pyetle urged several of his men to follow, weapons ready. When these Vessels reported back that the room was safe, Mandri, Seb, and Elrahet were forced in, accompanied by Pyetle and his spill of Vessels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The entrance hall was a grand, colonnaded affair, as wide as a Lord\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s barge, thrice as long, and at least four times Mandri\u8217\'92s height. Moto\u8217\'92s torchlight could only tease the distant wall. In the middle of this dimness, dug out into the floor, was a large octagonal fire pit filled to the brim with white ash. Wind had tossed some of this ash around the room, leaving white trails sprinkled across the nearby columns and frosting the floor. On the other side of this pit, facing those gathered, was a man sitting cross-legged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was standing over him, waving his torch back and forth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello!\u8221\'94 Moto shouted, but his greeting echoed back without rejoinder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The figure, robed in green and splattered in ash, sat slumped, arms folded into his robe, chin-tucked as if sleeping. The only bit of visible skin was his nose which peeked out from behind the fall of his long black, ash splattered hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prolly dead,\u8221\'94 Seb marked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think so?\u8221\'94 said Moto dryly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s the one who said \u8216\'91hello\u8217\'92 to it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle marched up to Moto and wrested control of the torch. He then ordered more torches made, and when these flared up they revealed a floor rich with the scattered remains of all manner of small creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin boned lizard legs, bats, birds, mice, and plenty of beetle shells too, the leavings of a beast. All were quieted by the gruesome sight, all save Elrahet, whose heavy robes dragged }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 through it all while s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 he waddled right up to that cross-legged figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move aside,\u8221\'94 she barked to Pyetle. Pyetle reluctantly gave her distance, and when she was ready, she poked the sitting man with her cane.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head slumped onto his shoulder and his hair fell away from his cheek. Elrahet poked again, and he fell onto his side. The thump of his impact kicked up a cloud of ash. \u8220\'93Dead,\u8221\'94 she declared, and then she rubbed the man\u8217\'92s green robe between her gnarled fingers. \u8220\'93Viggy wool,\u8221\'94 she remarked. \u8220\'93The raiment of a prince. This was Greskal\u8217\'92s son.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle spread the light of his torch onto several more pitch-strapped sticks and handed them out to his men. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that who who we\u8217\'92ve come to hunt?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93Though he might have been. See there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 She pointed towards a dark lump on the floor about an arm\u8217\'92s length behind the dead prince. That lump had a mop of dark hair and a human ear. It had a neck, and attached to that neck were a few links of spine. What mangled flesh there was appeared to have been munched on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted between this horror and green robed prince. \u8220\'93You suggest that this man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 ate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the other?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 An unsteady frown tugged at the edge of Elrahet\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. \u8220\'93None could foresee how Schisol\u8217\'92s yearning would inviscerate that Choir with gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t quite follow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you had heard His name repeated,\u8221\'94 she said fervently, \u8220\'93each note entering on the finger, each new voice swelling the chord until the wash of noise did shake the earth\u8230\'85such was the echo that one and twenty blossomed into twelve and thousands!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was speaking now to the ceiling, to the stars beyond the rock, and Mandri thought he saw a younger face beneath her wrinkling years. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It did subdue Him,\u8221\'94 she claimed. \u8220\'93For an age of peace, it stilled His being.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I suppose,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said with a sneer, \u8220\'93That there was a witch involved, warning everyone against this course of action?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fool!\u8221\'94 Elrahet screamed, and when Pyetle smirked, fury gripped her. She stabbed the floor with her cane. \u8220\'93How able will your service be to the Lordship be if you are DEAD!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For a moment it seemed as if she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d convinced them all to flee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle, with all his scribal swagger, inclined his head and drew his smirk wide. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me and mine are more than willing to die should the Lordship require it. There is no greater service than sacrifice.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He then looked to his men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Apprehension darkened the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t that right?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This question of honor hung in the air unanswered, for that question, it seemed, was beneath any Vessel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concern. One of them whistled, and they formed up, squeezing shoulder to shoulder, brushing animal bones aside with their shuffling feet. At once, they were ready for command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slate!\u8221\'94 Pyetle called, and the only Hrk in the room not wearing a headscarf stepped forward. This man, named Slate, was flat-faced with wide-set eyes and a bald, gleaming pate, presumably his namesake. His name could have also derived from his flat expression. He did not appear to be a thinking man. More than this, Mandri was struck by the sense that Slate\u8217\'92s blocky head could not, even in principle, be painted. His chin looked strong from from the front but was rather steep and weak from the side, while his nose was practically a wall from the front, but barely there from any other angle. With a skull so wide and flat, no two-dimensional account of him could be made. It gave him the impression of having been sculpted by a middling hand who refused to use a reference model. Indeed, sculpting a man like Slate was just the kind of thing Pyetle would do. The man needed humbling. which was picking and choosing which of his men would die.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle claimed they were choosing who to send back to the tower to give a report, but this was only a pretext. He was choosing who would live and who would die. Those who remained would journey with him into this ancient prison, down to its stomach perhaps, likely never to return. Slate, second in command, was enlisted to help him choose who to spare from this fate. Slate pointed out the shifters, the fidgeters, the men too eager for eye contact. Curiosity was taken a sign of weakness; it was well known that a dominant man has no use for curiosity as he knows exactly where he stands in his environment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 on top.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pyetle waved all these suggestions away. He opted to release the men with families, as well as the men who were nearing the end of their contracts. These men were gathered and dismissed until there were only thirty-odd Vessels remaining. Pyetle kicked up a strut in front them as they condensed into tighter squares. His pace was building up to a speech.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen put you here,\u8221\'94 he said proudly, pointing to the golden mask above the entrance.  \u8220\'93He guided you all through your long lives, so that you would be standing here, here and now. He guided each one of you to this very moment.\u8221\'94 He paused to let the weight of this obligation settle on proud shoulders. \u8220\'93You are not unlucky to be here,\u8221\'94 he continued. \u8220\'93Get rid of that feeling, if it is there. You are lucky. Few chance to meet evil with the clarity that you do now. And how will you meet it? Will you charge into the dark and kill what festers there? It is easy to say, \u8216\'91Yes!\u8217\'92, but are you willing to die to kill it? I am. I am, because I will die with the luxury of knowing exactly what I\u8217\'92ll say to Solraheen when I meet Him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What will you say?\u8221\'94 Slate asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll say send me back! So that I can finish the job!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Slate encouraged a weak hurrah, and Pyetle swept this mild feeling up by drawing his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of your name being nailed to the head of a demon as children parade it down the Whiteway!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of the women!\u8221\'94 Slate shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The meaty women!\u8221\'94 Pyetle roared to a swell of heartier cheers. And with their courage half-gathered, Pyetle marched into the dark passage that was barely there in the distant end of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, Mandri was forced to trudge along, though he did not share in any excited visions of meaty victories. It was almost like these Hrks had completely forgotten that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just seen a Spark dissolve into wisps of smoke.}}