{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {I read a fair bit of travelogues, and this is missing the heart of what makes a travelogue worth reading: interesting and unique detail which transports me to a particular place, at a particular time.}
\par\plain {Everything you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve written, story, prose character, pace, is in a comfortable spot for me, and I would be totally engaged with the piece as a whole if only for the want of detail. And I would also echo that critique about what we might call bulbous metaphors. \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0 s}{\f0\fs24\b0 heets of rain that slapped at the carriage like an angry lover\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 was, for me, cancerous.}
\par\plain {But,other than that, I had only the vaguest picture of this world in my minds eye.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>}{\f0\fs24\b0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0 he morning was mild and clear, strangely normal.}{ }
\par\plain {Why \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91strangely\u8217\'92 normal? I feel like it\u8217\'92s inviting me to imagine something, but I have no idea what.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>}{\f0\fs24\b0 b}{\f0\fs24\b0 eside the carriage and its two massive horses }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Carriage is just a carriage. Horses are just horses. Tarantass, barouche, hansom cab. Not saying you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to use these esoteric words, but I could definitely go in for a \u8216\'91sleek black lacquered roof\u8217\'92 if this place is wealthy, or if not, something else! }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 >}{\f0\fs24\b0 W}{\f0\fs24\b0 ithin five minutes they were off, just like that, leaving Hook behind. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d see it again, probably, but it would never again be her home.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d see what again? Hook? I have no idea what \u8216\'91Hook\u8217\'92 is. Yes, its a town/city, but why not mention some detail, some landmark, that she might see again (probably). A brown brick clock tower; a bustling plaza with its fountain commemorating Lore.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {>From the back seat she watched disinterestedly as the town gave way to sparse dwellings and finally dusty countryside.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I stumbled over \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91watched disinterestedly\u8217\'92. Getting back to the theme of details: \u8216\'91Town\u8217\'92, \u8216\'91Sparse dwellings\u8217\'92 are so very vague. An opportunity to insert detail; e.g.:  she watches as the roofs change from trim clay tile, to wood shake, to thick thatch, etc. What are the actual details she is seeing as the town gives way to \u8216\'91sparse dwellings\u8217\'92? This shit can be hard when you aren\u8217\'92t pulling from reference, but it is necessary.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab >}{\f0\fs24\b0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0 he vista remained the muted yellows and browns of the Valley in summer, with scattered pockets of green marking a homestead or a tributary of the Sprague River. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab Yellows and browns and green; not exactly vivid. A travelogue, you say?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \tab >}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0 Eighteen years,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she mumbled, silently cursing Father Dorin and his loose donkey lips. She understood Jonis\u8217\'92s implication. Her eldest brothers were certainly dead, she couldn\u8217\'92t claim otherwise. And yet when no bodies are found\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\line \tab Wanted to take a break from the harping on detail to note that I SERIOUSLY loved this little line: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91and yet when no bodies are found\u8230\'85\u8217\'92 It\u8217\'92s just enough to hint at something more, and the darkness of the past contrasts so beautifully with the cheeriness of this new beginning.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab >}{\f0\fs24\b0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0 hen again, she had a knife in her pocket and was planning a robbery of her own, so perhaps she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the best judge.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab This threw me a bit, because didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t she say she didn\u8217\'92t expect to need the knife in the first sentence? I suppose its possible to square that circle, but it seems in this sentence like she definitely planning to use the knife.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\tab Brendale Monastery has some detail. I can see it. Nice.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 >}{\f0\fs24\b0 The occasional bird called out to its mate, the dramatic accent to this fine ballad. Trees had shifted from the familiar leafy trees of her home to patches of tall and spindly evergreens that hinted at the forest to come. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {A bird call? Just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85a bird call? Not an owl\u8217\'92s hoot, a cardinal\u8217\'92s cheep, a robin\u8217\'92s chirr, the creaking bleat of the clapper rail? And then, the trees are basic bitch \u8216\'91trees\u8217\'92:  leafy trees become tall spindly evergreens. The detail is *barely* there!}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {> decaying, moss-covered shrine }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {There are *so* many different kinds of shrines. I have no image in my mind of what this might look like. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not saying you need to go hardcore, but take a look at the vivid picture of a temple shrine in this (travelogue)[}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/78626"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 East of Siam : Ramblings in the five divisions of French Indo-China by Franck | Project Gutenberg}}{]:\line \line \tab >}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~A gold Buddha, studded with diamonds, that is said to be worth sixty million piastres is among the many precious things, as well as much tinsel, inside the plain bright-yellow walls of the palaces, to which there are no real barricades. Cases containing jewels of great price in the Silver Temple are not locked, but are protected merely by pasted strips of paper, with the name of the guardian written on them. The Cambodians still consider their king so sacred that they never steal his possessions, and alien thieves seem never to get this far afield. Of the far-famed Footprint of Buddha within its own special pagoda there is nothing to say except that it is about six feet long, in solid rock, studded with jewels, with the toes all exactly of the same length. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain { You get the idea. Again, all the mechanics of what you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve written are good for me. I just think the piece could enter into another weight class if you were able to paint the world more clearly.}}