{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Jewish Sect of Qumran and the Essenes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , London, 3954, p. 160 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paraclete who "abideth with you, and shall be in you" (Jn. 14. 17). And so we might go on. While there are undoubted resemblances, the differences }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1-6}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 John 1:1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the beginning was The Word, and the was with god, and the word was god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jesus is the Word.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the beginning jesus was adjacent to god, (and the word was divine)  / (and the word was a god)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The idea is that the qualities that define deity, Jesus has those qualities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What it means to be divine}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Daniel Wallace - greek grammarian - it has to be qualitative. Goes on to argue its still trinitarian. Requires Consubstantiality - }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jesus had a special relationship to god that they could not articulate - had not been systemetized and had not yet been rationalized.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The word of god - close to the spoke word - something that is an extensions of my agency and will, but semi-autonomous - emanation theology - an emanation from god. Philo - jewish author , also talks about the logos as extension of god, but a second god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greco-roman period judaism.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one\~has\~ever\~seen\~God. The\~only one,\~himself\~God, who\~is\~in\~closest fellowship\~with\~the\~Father, has\~made\~God\~known. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bruce Metzger - textual commentaries on new testament}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Electio dificiliorum}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Abraham was, I am}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91I Am\u8217\'92 - Ego e me. - coded reference to god\u8217\'92s name, but not actually god\u8217\'92s name - exo. 3:14 -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who should I say god sent me?\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Tell them I Am sent you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ego e me ohon - I am the being one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ego e me - deutoro-Isaiah - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am He.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2 different divine self-identifications translated the same in greek - coded reference to the tetragrammaton.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jesus winking at them - using coded reference to the divine name}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - the divine name was a communicable vehicle of divine agency}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - manifests the power of the deity}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Greco Roman judaism - figures that are not god but have god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name - starts in the hebrew bible with the angel of the lord- god appears to exodus - angel says, I am the god of your father. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Exodus 23 - The authorized possessor or bearer of the name. By virtue of the divine name who dwells in me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Metatron - has god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name - text r}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Son of man - enochic tradition}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tradition in place as the authorized possessor of the divine name.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blasphemy includes more than just claiming to be god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ch 10 30 - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 John 17 - 11 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thomas - my lord and my god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shammah - Paul - one lord and one god}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thomas is referring to jesus as god - jesus is manifesting the presence of god - refer to divine image as the god - exodus 3 - I AM the god of your father. My Lord and My God - Jesus is divine image - manifesting the presence of god. - squishiness - allowing a follower to say that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Trinitarian concept}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -  Not in the bible}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - the conceptual pacakge develops in 2-5th c.e. council of nicea - debate over whether or not there was time when jesus didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exist, Arius defeated, sign the nicene creed. Consubstantiality - first time christains assert - the trinity comprises 3 different persons within one being that is god. Develops because new testatment treats special relationship, but distinguishes jesus from god - now we have to look at paul, Mark, create a unifying framework that makes all of them work together. Philosophically defensible to greco-roman intelligentsia - apologists trying to spread gospel among these people. Stoicism/pythogoran/ Jesus seems to be god, but how. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Philo - logos as second god}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Justin Martyr - Jesus as another god}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 End of 2nd century have trinity - but still unsure how to figure it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1) how many gods}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -demons/angels/ but not gods, subordinate}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -because judaism is one-god rhetoric, we should find a way to make jesus and god one god - emanation or some other concept - Arius, Jesus is subordiante - jesus is a creation - god created jesus. 3rd century. 4th century, jesus is exalted more and more, and this becomes problematic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Equal and coeternal becaue they are the same substance - a being has a single psychological identity - One is internal to the other - multiple psychological identities inhabiting one being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sign on the dotted line or get exiled}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bishop banished.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Council of chalcedon - jesus is god, but also a human??? Hypostatic union - 100 both god and human, don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ask.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything is boundary maintenance}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~in that we avoid the necessity of assuming a series of inchoate proleptic intimations of the Incarnation before it actually is narrated in v. 14. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Daniel Boyarin, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The Gospel of the Memra: Jewish Binitarianism and the Prologue to John,\u8221\'94 Harvard Theological Review, vol. 94, no. 3 (July 2001): P. 279}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m already pretty familiarized with Dr Michael Heiser\u8217\'92s works, Dr John Walton\u8217\'92s works, Dr Tim Mackie\u8217\'92s works/podcast, and Dr Justin Sledge\u8217\'92s work (primarily just Esoterica though) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Matthews and Benjamin's\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.amazon.com/Testament-Parallels-Revised-Expanded-Third/dp/0809144352"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old Testament Parallels}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~seems to be just what you're seeking. It's a great resource for comparing ancient texts, and is pretty regularly assigned as part of Old Testament/Hebrew Bible classes at modern seminaries. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OLD TESTAMENT}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - it is a library - it is an anthology}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - not an ideological monolith - each book sounds its own distinctive note in a symphony of reflection}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - not pious parables about saints - psychologically real literature about real people - not stories of pious peole whose lives should be models for own. Scandalous, lewd, vicious. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - not for children}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - the bible is not a book of theology or system or manual of religion}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - complex systems will be spun from this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - Religion is not a set of doctrines you subscribe to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - To become an israelite, you simply joined the israelite community - naturalization}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - an account of the oddessy of the people}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -not an account of the divine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - it treats moral issues that are central to the later discipline of theology - indirect and implicit treatment - poetry, song, and metaphor}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 emendations }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "javascript:void(0)"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 [\endash ]{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 TestateAmoeba}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 11 points}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~2 years ago\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you're open to a study Bible instead of just a translation,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The New Oxford Annotated Bible}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is pretty much what you're looking for. The translation is the NRSV, which already has good footnotes. The various essays, book introductions, and academic study notes offer a lot of insight and cover much of what you're looking for. It's also one of only a few study Bibles with an academic (as opposed to devotional) focus. The others that I know about are\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Jewish Study Bible}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(already mentioned and also published by Oxford) and\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The HarperCollins Study Bible}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Academic Bible Commentaries are also good resources.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Oxford Bible Commentary}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~is an excellent, single volume Bible commentary. It's kind of expensive ($45 US for a paperback), but worth it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you're interested in specific books of the Bible, the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Anchor Yale Bible}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~series is good overall, though the quality of individual volumes varies. Each volume has a new translation, detailed notes on textual variation and translation, and commentary. Every so often a new volume is commissioned, so multiple AYB volumes exist for a number of books of the Bible. New volumes are complete rewrites rather than just updates, so if you have access to both (in a library, for example), it's worth reading and comparing both.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 International Critical Commentary}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~series is similar to the\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Anchor Yale Bible}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~series, but has been around long enough that some of the earlier volumes are in the public domain and can be downloaded from Google Books or the Internet Archive. The titles are all of the form, "A Critical and Exegetical Commentary on\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [book name]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ." The volume on Genesis published in 1910 can be read or downloaded\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://archive.org/details/criticalexegetic00skinuoft/page/n15/mode/2up"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 here}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Note that there are inferior, often conservatively religious\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://archive.org/details/criticalexegeti00murp/page/n5/mode/2up"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "clones"}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~for some books of the Bible, so double-check that any volume mentions being part of the ICC series.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evangelical study Bibles and commentaries, which includes pretty much anything published by Zondervan or Thomas Nelson, as well as anything of the form, "The\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 [translation]}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Study Bible," tend to lean more toward apologetics and as such, will present theologically conservative interpretations of ambiguous passages with additional explanation being mere justification for a particular theological bent, rather than any sort of academic discussion. That's pretty much the opposite of what you're looking for.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Okay, so, in 2 Corinthians 11, Paul is talking about all the horrible things that have come to him for spreading the Gospel, and he mentions a peculiar story about escaping in a basket, lowered from a window while a local leader in Damascus (under King Aretas) has sent the guards to arrest Paul. That's how Paul himself tells the story.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The story is also told in Acts 9 shortly after Paul's conversion (in Damascus). But this time, it's the Jews that want Paul dead. Not to arrest him, but it's a plot to kill him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So there's an obvious contradiction, right? Paul's escape from Damascus in a basket through a window... One telling has him escaping an arrest warrant issued by a local leader under some king called Aretas (the people of Damascus were not Jews) and another telling of the same escape story has him escaping a murder plot by the Jews in Damascus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, first of all, are these accounts reconcilable? Could it be that Paul escaped both the arrest warrant and murder plot, one after another, both by hiding in a basket? Maybe he hid in basket to get out of a house, and then in a basket again to get out of the city?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Second, why the change? The author of Acts is (supposedly) a companion of Paul. Which means he would've heard the story from Paul, some time after it happened. Maybe Paul misremembered the details when he told the Acts author? Or did the Acts author change the details on his own? I don't believe Acts was written by Luke the Physician. I think it is a much, MUCH later work by someone else who sorta puts himself into the story to give his book more credibility. Paul was a well known name. If your story was written by his companions, the story will spread faster.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, from a strictly scholarly standpoint, why include the story at all if you're just gonna contradict it? Why would the Acts author, claiming to be Luke, get something so wrong? 2 Corinthians already existed when Acts was written. Why not just make the details fit? Why run the risk of such an obvious contradiction that will undermine your whole intent of trying to look authentic? Couldn't a Corinthian scholar or church leader be like "umm, yeah, this new book of Acts directly contradicts a letter we got from Paul, so this book is trash". Why risk that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Thanks for taking a look at my ramblings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What I am saying is that the author of Acts continually contradicts the letters of Paul. Sure, the basket story may be the most egregious case, but it is hardly the only one. Acts contradicts key statements in Paul's letters like:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paul's repeated insistence that he is an apostle (Yes, I know that "Luke" is not entirely consistent on this point, but he definitely seems to be building the case the Paul is not an apostle in chapter 1.)}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paul's reference to Jesus' post-resurrection appearance to the 12 (1 Cor 15:12). Luke goes out of his way to tell a story that makes that impossible in Acts 2. (The replacement among the twelve is only added after the appearances have ceased.)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paul's whole travel itinerary following his conversion. (Galatians 1:15ff cannot be reconciled to Acts' account)}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As such, the account of meetings with leaders in Jerusalem after his conversion are wildly different.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The content and the outcome of the "Jerusalem Council" are difficult to reconcile with Paul's account of it. (cf. Gal 2:1-10 and Acts 15:1-35)}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clearly "Luke" is not concerned with any pushback on his account of Paul. He actually seems to be going out of his way to present an alternate history of Paul, at least when it suits his purpose.\line }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5705398-the-first-paul"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5705398-the-first-paul}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 NRSV-KJV-NIV - And the Word was God.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It is the academic consensus of greek grammarians say this is not identifying jesus as god of israel. There is no definite article. - a copula - x is y - god becomes before verb, the word comes after verb. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fee on Galations}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 37:06}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gospel is something on which they agree. Its not a question of theology. Its about, what are we going to do with the gentiles. Paul is the one who is going to see it as a theological issue. The issue is how the message applies to the gentiles. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93SO they\u8217\'92re preaching the same gospel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 37:37 - we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re only hearing one person\u8217\'92s point of view.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Paul recognizes that if circumcision is required, the gentile mission is all over.  When you require circumcision, you no longer have the fulfillment of the abrahamic covenant, and without the fulfillment of eschatological promises of god that come through the prophets, that the gentiles are going to join with the jewish people in worshipping and praising god.\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The spirit replaces torah. The spirit is now doing what torah couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Biblical illiteracy in this generation!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Vs 6. Those who were influential - see footnote. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those who seemed as leaders\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Homogeneous churches are the worst things to happen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Its only until you get a good dose of heterogeneity, you have to love people who are unlike you,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not about individual salvation, but the group. Corporate.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Until these men came down from james - theres no indication they came down to figure anything out\u8230\'85bullllshit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Diversity is a part of the richness of the unity of the body of christ. 1 Cor 12 - uniformity is an anathema. Unity can only be present when we have diversity. If you don\u8217\'92t have diversity, you don\u8217\'92t have unity, you have uniformity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All of us have a lot of boundary stretching to do if we\u8217\'92re going to be christian in the pauline sense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stretch our comfort zones whether we like it or not\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Next, after 14 years\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be righteous and not DO righteousness. ALWAYS biblically 1:25}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1:45 difference between gentile sinner and jewish transgressor - jews aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t born into the sin, they are born into a covenant.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1:48 - from a jewish point ofview, sin means not keeping torah. Therefore, to be uncircumcised makes one a sinner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The fundamental premise for paul \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And all other jewish christians\u8221\'94 is that salvation had come through christ, not through torah - \u8220\'93james and peter agree on this, this is not a point of contention\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He goes on this rampage about how its no longer about the law, then goes on to define a new law.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1:58 - }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The moment you define sin badly, you let every kind of imaginable sin in the back door}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2:000}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve said that you\u8217\'92ve put your trust in christ, and *then* you\u8217\'92ve told gentiles that you have to keep torah, and if gentiles keep torah, that means they\u8217\'92re still sinners. And if we join the gentiles in not keeping torah, that makes us sinners,  well whose responsible for us being sinful? Christ}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Deep down inside we really don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t trust god to accept us as we are.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2:03}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The fences are okay after all \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The fences are there to keep people in\u8221\'94 this is an admission that christ alone is not sufficient.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The fence isn\u8217\'92t going to do it, the spirit is the only thing that is going to do it. This is why binitarian christianity just isn\u8217\'92t going to make it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Without the spirit, yo uhave to revert to the law.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2:10 horrible response}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God is not against me, god is for me, christ is the one who affected that.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole torah can be fulfilled in two words - love neighbor - so why do we pony in the necessity of belief? 2:29 - this has nothing to do with assent - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93you can\u8217\'92t have it without some belief in it please\u8221\'94 - that\u8217\'92s not what it is. It is an experience of God\u8217\'92s grace, goodness, and mercy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}