{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.jstor.org/stable/26485484"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.jstor.org/stable/26485484}}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJC9o3bpujI"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs20\b0\i0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJC9o3bpujI}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotle: Our perception is interpretive and selective, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab But is there a danger of being pedestrian? If we always start at our experiences and our perceptions, doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that mean that the whole of philosophy is confined to the surface of our experience? Don\u8217\'92t we want to be like plato, and get behind the surfaces to a deeper underlying level?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Plato and others wish to walk to the rim of the universe and star at some transcendent reality above and beyond experience.  Aristotle - our experience is an object of tremendous wonder in . We never can coherently go beyond our experience. That the only project we can undertake is the mapping or investigation of our own experience.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aristotle - principle of non-contradiction. Contradictor properties cannot apply to the same subject in the same time in the same respect. How do we go about justifying this most basic of all principles? We can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t from outside our experience because we use it in our experience. But suppose an opponent challenges this. Ask the opponent if they are prepared to say anything at all. Suppose he doesn\u8217\'92t say anything - you can dismiss that person, he is pretty well like a vegetable. But if they say somethign definite, you can show that person that in saying anything definite at all, they are making use of the very principle that they are challenging, because in asserting something definite, you\u8217\'92ve got to be ruling something out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But how does this provide a foundation for the kind of knowledge aristotle is seeking?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We cannot  provide a foundation that exists outside our discourse and conceptual schemes. It *must* be rooted in experience - thunder occurs, and now we can talk about thunder. Forms? Point to them? It is meaningless to talk about them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But if inquiry is limited to the rubric of experience, why doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t all of it fall into the rubric of science? What is philosophical about it?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a clear distinction in aristotle, but there is a general search for a structure of explanation that is common to all scientific areas. Posterior analytics, the philosopher will search for episteme, scientific understanding. We have a facculty by which we have insight into fundamental first principles - intellect (nous), aristotle says taht with this faculty that we grasp first principles. Nous is a kind of insight into the explanatory role *by our experience*.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How to go about isolating the subject area of single field of inquiry?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Metaphysics, more generalized field of inquiry - identity, continuity, logical form - space time matter, etc.  The question of Substance. Wittgnetsein family resemblance. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -The question of change - there must be some \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91it\u8217\'92 which remains the same - what is the fundamental things that stay the same and persist by which we can anchor ourselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - The seconed question - the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91what is it?\u8217\'92 - the question of identity. Suppose I point at some object - what is this really? Which of the many properties are the more fundamental? I could change my jacket and still be me. What are the elements that play that fundamental role?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab - to single out that which persists through change, you have to single out identity of the thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 18:35}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You pick out something in reality, and you begin to describe it. You identify a subject and identify something about it - the subject-predicate approach- it is an approach that makes possible the description of everything, built into our language and our logic.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab But not all predicates are on the same level. There some }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 on}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the subject, but there are others like \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91human being\u8217\'92 or dog or tree which are more fundamental inside the subject. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Natural kinds\u8217\'92 play a fundamental role in identifying subjects in the natural world, but what are they? What is it to be a human being? A material, or a structure? Aristotle argues that what a substance is, is that it is not some material stuff, but it fundamentally is order or structure, but a form. 3 reasons your materials couldnt\u8217\'92 be what it is to be you. 1.) matter is always changing 2.) even if not, so long as its functional structure remains the same, we can replace all parts of ship and have it remain the same based on functino. 3.) matter is not definite enough. It is the *structure* that the stuff constitutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -what aristotle is doing here is defining the features of the }{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 rubber band}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The philosophical tool - not reality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t this too close to plato? A dog isn\u8217\'92t a dog in terms of its matter, its a dog in terms of its \u8216\'91dogness\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unlike Plato, for aristotle, the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91form\u8217\'92 is something immanent to the particular. It\u8217\'92s not an otherworldy spirit, it is right there, what the dog really is. Particulars and not universals. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 25:40}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is devestating to materialist philosophers. Has he effectively ever been answered? He starts arguing against materialism not only in the philosophy of mind, and how the mental is different from everything else, but precisely here in picking out general theories of identity and substance,  which show why for things quite generally, material reductionism is not a good way to go.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.encyclopedia.com/history/news-wires-white-papers-and-books/responding-aristotle"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.encyclopedia.com/history/news-wires-white-papers-and-books/responding-aristotle}}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \~First, Aristotle provided a logical method for analyzing arguments, the syllogism, a form of argument that includes a major premise, a minor premise, and a conclusion.\~}{ }{\f0\fs24\b0 (For example: All boys like baseball. John is a boy. Therefore, John likes baseball.)}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~In this view the human being was a unity in which mind and body could not be separated without loss of that unity.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Thus, the human being was not a \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Ghost [spirit] inhabiting a machine,\u8221\'94 but rather a body-soul unity in which the rational-intellectual soul was seen as that part of the human being that might be unchangeable.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This view was strongly resisted by medieval Neoplatonists, who thought that it compromised the spirituality, immateriality, and immortality of the soul. Aristotle had seen his teaching on the soul as the culmination of his natural philosophy. Above all, he placed human knowledge in the context of being in the world and set the foundation for thinking about the human being as one substance, not as two joined together.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Augustine versus Aristotle.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~It would be an oversimplification to define the basic conflict in later medieval philosophy as one between Aristotle and Augustine.\~}{ }{\f0\fs24\b0 In fact, Neo-Augustinians such as John Peckham and Peter John Olivi, who opposed some of Aristotle\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s teachings, made use of his philosophy in other areas. For Aristotle moral virtues were closely tied to the use of reason, which deliberates and determines one\u8217\'92s actions. There was no need for an additional faculty called the will to perform this operation. This view gives primacy to an intellectual\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 rather than emotional\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 basis for virtuous activity. This school of thought came to be associated with the Dominican scholars Albertus Magnus and Thomas Aquinas.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.jstor.org/stable/26485484?seq=1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.jstor.org/stable/26485484?seq=1}}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.encyclopedia.com/history/news-wires-white-papers-and-books/responding-aristotle"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.encyclopedia.com/history/news-wires-white-papers-and-books/responding-aristotle}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The list of 219 propositions that the bishop of Paris condemned as heretical in 1277 included the following notions:}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In 1210 Church officials in France banned the teaching of Aristotle\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Physics}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Metaphysics}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~at the University of Paris and renewed the ban in 1215 and 1228. It also condemned two scholars in philosophy posthumously for expressing heretical views. But despite such condemnations, the university got a charter through the influence of papal legate Robert of Courcon, and interest in philosophy and theology grew. One major figure who emerged during this period was William of Auvergne, who went on to become bishop of Paris and chancellor of the university. After the condemnation of Aristotle\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Physics}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Metaphysics}{\f0\fs24\b0 , he observed the ban while attempting to integrate other aspects of Aristotle\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s thought, as well as aspects of the philosophies of other Greek and Islamic thinkers into Augustinian Christian philosophy. Like Gros-seteste, he was impressed by the philosophical power of the works of Avicenna and read Aristotle in the light of Avicenna\u8217\'92s commentaries.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The Influence of Paris.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~In 1230 Pope\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.encyclopedia.com/people/philosophy-and-religion/roman-catholic-popes-and-antipopes/gregory-ix"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Gregory IX}}{\f0\fs24\b0 , while continuing the ban on Aristotle\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Physics}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Metaphysics}{\f0\fs24\b0 , issued a papal bull that led to a serious reorganization of the university that prevented unnecessary theological interference with the faculty of arts.\~}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~Finally, some of these teachers, such as\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.encyclopedia.com/people/philosophy-and-religion/roman-catholic-and-orthodox-churches-general-biographies/siger"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Siger of Brabant}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and Boethius of Dacia, held that the highest perfection on earth for a thinking human being is the happiness provided by the philosophical life, and, of course, some theologians saw this view as a denial of the primacy of the religious life.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The Augustinian-Aristotelian Synthesis.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Though the Franciscan Neo-Augustinians condemned Aristotle as just another accursed pagan and held that Augustine alone provided the best authority and model for a Christian philosophy and theology, a synthesis of Augustinian and Aristotelean thought did take place in the thirteenth century. In fact, most philosophers of that century attempted some kind of synthesis between Aristotle and Augustine. The Franciscans at Paris followed Augustine\loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8217\'92s theory of knowledge by illumination, his doctrine of the will, and his views on creation. Yet, their major teachings synthesized Augustine\u8217\'92s positions with ideas from the Jewish philosopher Solomon Ibn Gebirol and Avicenna. In fact, Avicenna\u8217\'92s influence was so central to the thought of these Neo-Augustinians that the twentieth-century historian of medieval philosophy\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.encyclopedia.com/people/philosophy-and-religion/philosophy-biographies/etienne-gilson"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Etienne Gilson}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~has called them \loch\af4\hich\af4\dbch\af4\uc1\u8220\'93Augustinian Avicennians.\u8221\'94 In the 1270s Henry of Ghent emerged as a leader of this group and the influence of his writings\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 which synthesize ideas from Aristotle and Averro\u235\'EBs, as well as Augustine, Plato, and Avicenna\hich\f4 \emdash \loch\f4 extended to major philosophers of the early fourteenth century, including Duns Scotus and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.encyclopedia.com/people/philosophy-and-religion/philosophy-biographies/william-ockham"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 William of Ockham}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }