{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 When Jesus Became God}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , by Richard E. Rubenstein}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Lord Jesus Christ: Devotion to Jesus in Earliest Christianity}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Philippians 2:6-11 Jesus is exalted by God to a status he did not previously occupy and given a name, the divine name, that he did not previously bear. In 1 Corinthians 15 the human Jesus exalted by God to rule over everything but God is shown to be subordinate to God.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 You are (1) treating the Aramaic idiom for a human being as though it were a title, which it is not, (2) assuming that Daniel's vision must have been of an individual even though the beasts were symbolic of empires, and (3) assuming that Daniel, if he was seeing an individual ruler of the people represented, the saints of the Most High, that he was not seeing a vision of that human ruler being given authority in the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In the New Testament it is only in the Gospel of John that the Son of Man begins to be viewed as having a prior existence in heaven. Of course, that and other works are drawing on the Parables of Enoch the interpretation of which also needs to be discussed if one is going to treat this subject thoroughly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Science is boundary defining - it can talk about how things are different, but not how they are the same ???}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How did the infinite god become the finite world? Platonists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Matt 3:13}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mark 1:9}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Luke 3:21}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 John 1:29}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hurtado, Larry W, 2013. "Resurrection-Faith and the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Historical\u8217\'92 Jesus".\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 JSHJ}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~11: 35 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://larryhurtado.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/jshj_011_01_03_hurtado.pdf"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://larryhurtado.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/jshj_011_01_03_hurtado.pdf}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 P37 : Moreover, although the Gospel narratives portray Jesus as acting with divine authorization and accompanied by divine/miraculous power, e.g., in casting out demons, healing, and other miracles (e.g., Lk. 4.14-21), the resurrection is a fully distinguishable event. In the Gospel accounts, Jesus is very much the active and cooperating vehicle through whom God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s power is displayed, and he is the active agent in these narratives. Through Jesus\u8217\'92 words and actions divine power works miracles. Jesus touches the sick and pronounces them healed, commands demons to depart, rebukes the wind and waves, and summons the dead back to life. Jesus\u8217\'92 words and actions generate interest in him and criticism/opposition against him, the unavoidably central question being whether he is the valid spokesman and vehicle of divine purposes. It is significant, therefore, that, although there are statements about Jesus \u8216\'91rising\u8217\'92 from the dead (active forms of \u7936\'3F\u957\'3F\u8055\'3F\u963\'73\u964\'74\u951\'3F\u956\'B5\u953\'3F), in the overwhelming majority of NT instances Jesus is referred to as \u8216\'91raised\u8217\'92 (passive forms of \u7952\'3F\u947\'3F\u949\'65\u8055\'3F\u961\'3F\u969\'3F), either explicitly or implicitly by the act of God, Jesus the recipient and beneficiary of God\u8217\'92s power.7 Moreover, the statements commonly regarded as reflecting earliest proclamation tend to present Jesus as raised by God (e.g., c. 4.24-25; 10.9-10). In the Gospel narratives people are recipients of and respond to Jesus\u8217\'92 actions, but in the early proclamation of Jesus\u8217\'92 resurrection he is usually the object of divine action. Jesus\u8217\'92 resurrection certainly generated christological claims concerning him and a remarkable devotion to him, but we must note that NT discourse about the cause and agency effecting Jesus\u8217\'92 resurrection is also rather equally theological and even theo-centric. To underscore this point, I note that the NT texts do not typically ascribe Jesus\u8217\'92 resurrection to some inherent invincibility to death, or to Jesus\u8217\'92 own power.8 Instead, God\u8217\'92s power is exercised upon the truly-dead-and-helpless Jesus. As Gerald O\u8217\'92Collins put it, \u8216\'91God was the resurrector, Christ the resurrectee\u8217\'92.9 I shall return to this point later. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . In contrast to the figures in such narratives, Jesus is not pictured as brought back to mortal life, but as catapulted forward into eschatological life, becoming thereby the first to experience this new eschatological embodiment. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, fourthly, we must note that in the NT Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 resurrection also typically involves his exaltation and designation as the one who holds a unique status, both in relationship to the elect and to God. One of the earliest confessional formulae (Rom. 1.3-4) portrays Jesus\u8217\'92 resurrection as involving his designation as \u8216\'91the Son of God\u8217\'92.16 Acts 2.32-36 declares that God raised [\u7936\'3F\u957\'3F\u8051\'3F\u963\'73\u964\'74\u951\'3F\u963\'73\u949\'65\u957\'3F] Jesus and exalted him to his \u8216\'91right hand\u8217\'92, thereby appointing him \u8216\'91Lord and Messiah\u8217\'92. Another text that is widely thought to preserve an early Christian hymn refers to God\u8217\'92s supreme exaltation of Jesus and conferral upon him of \u8216\'91the name that is above every name\u8217\'92, for the purpose of Jesus receiving universal acclamation as Kyrios (Phil. 2.9-11). This universal acclamation of the exalted/resurrected Jesus was practiced corporately already in the early Christian worship setting, as reflected in Rom. 10.9-13, which explicitly refers to the confession of the resurrected \u8216\'91Lord Jesus\u8217\'92 (v. 9). The contextual appropriation of the OT expression which connotes worship, \u8216\'91call upon [\u7952\'3F\u960\'70\u953\'3F\u954\'3F\u945\'61\u955\'3F\u8051\'3F\u969\'3F] the Lord\u8217\'92 (vv. 12-13), clearly indicates that this confession of Jesus\u8217\'92 exalted status was a liturgical action that carried this meaning.17 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Although Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 message was focused on the kingdom of God, it is clear that very quickly within the period of his own activity he became \u8216\'91the issue\u8217\'92 on which people unavoidably had to decide. It was impossible to separate completely the question of his validity from the question of the validity of his own message. His teaching and other actions were sufficiently noteworthy and even controversial that people were required to judge whether he was or was not the valid spokesman for God, whether his actions represented the divine agenda to which assent must be given. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 43-44}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a previous discussion, I have emphasized the polarizing effect of Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 activities, some individuals drawn to follow him and others who set themselves against him.21 In the circle of those aligned with Jesus, he was unquestionably the leader (the \u8216\'91Master\u8217\'92) and the others his followers, his word authoritative for them, and some of them even willing to give up their livelihoods to join his itinerant ministry. It is reasonably clear that his followers (and wider circles of the Jewish populace) regarded him as bearing prophetic authority, at the very least comparable to one of the biblical prophets.22 He was for his followers not simply one inspiring, eloquent teacher, prophet and holy man among others. Instead, even within the time of his own ministry, Jesus\u8217\'92 followers clearly defined themselves as a circle gathered around him, and regarded him as the eschatological person in whom God\u8217\'92s kingdom was heralded and signaled. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Indeed, it seems to me entirely likely that during the time of his own activities at least some of his followers entertained the hope and expectation that Jesus would be revealed and recognized as (royal) messiah. The poignant statement in the Lukan Emmaus story is a dramatized but (I propose) an authentic reflection of this: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91We had hoped that he was the one to redeem Israel\u8217\'92 (Lk. 24.21). Moreover, this view of Jesus\u8217\'92 significance seems to be confirmed by the actions of Jesus\u8217\'92 enemies. As Nils Dahl argued decades ago, Jesus\u8217\'92 crucifixion must have been based on the charge that he was a claimant to (messianic) kingship.23 It is significant that Jesus alone, and none of those most closely linked to him, was seized and crucified. Clearly, the authorities (both temple leadership and Roman governor) regarded him in particular as the matter to be dealt with decisively, apparently believing that his execution would be sufficient to dissipate his following. So, the manner of his execution suggests that Jesus\u8217\'92 opponents were convinced that he was a royal-messianic claimant (or was intending to make such a claim). They were, thus, either massively and curiously wrong (to put it mildly), or (as I think more likely) were reasonably well informed of the enthusiasm and high expectations circulating among Jesus\u8217\'92 followers.24 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 46}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As I noted earlier, Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 resurrection is predominantly referred to as God\u8217\'92s action, with Jesus the recipient and beneficiary of it. Moreover, this divine act involved both the remarkable bestowal of eschatological existence upon Jesus and also the unique exaltation and glorification of him. So, the proclamation of Jesus\u8217\'92 resurrection comprises a strong set of christological claims and also an equally robust claim about God. Moreover, Jesus\u8217\'92 central importance in earliest Christian discourse and devotional practice is predicated on and framed by the conviction that God has raised and exalted him, and now requires the acclamation of Jesus\u8217\'92 exalted status. That is, the christological content of earliest resurrection discourse is linked indissolubly to God\u8217\'92s actions. Jesus does not become a second deity, but has been designated by God spectacularly as the Messiah, the Lord whom all creation should now revere, and the divine Son who bears uniquely the favor of, and intimacy with, the one God.29 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Furthermore\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Likewise, the striking way that Jesus features in earliest Christian devotional practice is justified with reference to God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s action. This emphasis that Jesus\u8217\'92 exceptional status and significance rests on God\u8217\'92s own action and will is indicated, e.g., in Phil. 2.9-11, where God\u8217\'92s exaltation of Jesus is to issue in universal acclamation of him, which in turn serves \u8216\'91the glory of God the Father\u8217\'92. In keeping with the more polemical tone of the Gospel of John, Jn 5.22-23 declares that God now intends \u8216\'91that all should honor the Son just as they honor the Father\u8217\'92, and the Evangelist insists that \u8216\'91Whoever does not honor the Son does not honor the Father who sent him\u8217\'92. Equating the honor to be given to Jesus with the honor due to God effectively makes Jesus co-recipient of worship, but this is emphatically so by God\u8217\'92s own fiat. In short, Jesus\u8217\'92 exceptional significance is rather consistently expressed with reference to God and God\u8217\'92s actions and will.30 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, although the impact of Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 ministry is an important factor, the proclamation of Jesus\u8217\'92 resurrection also involves God\u8217\'92s further, new action. This means that Jesus acquires a status and significance that surpasses, and cannot be accounted for by, his own earthly activities. The Jesusdevotion of early Christian circles is not adequately explained by, and did not arise simply from, his teaching or even his reported miracles. It was not the predictable or inevitable outcome of his ministry. Even if Jesus foresaw and predicted his own divine vindication, and even if this vindication involved his own resurrection, this would not have generated the specific conviction that he has been singled out for resurrection now, apart from the elect. Moreover, divine vindication of him as prophet, even as royalmessiah, would not automatically have generated the claims that he has been exalted to a unique heavenly status, given to share the divine name and glory, and that cultic devotion to God must now incorporate him as well. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, in addition to the impact of Jesus himself (and tradition about him) upon his followers, we also have to think of something additional, and also powerful in its impact. We must posit something sufficient to account for the strong specific convictions that God has raised Jesus from death to new eschatological existence, that God has exalted Jesus to share in divine glory, that Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 name now bears divine authority and power, and that Jesus is now the Lord to whom all must offer acclamation. These convictions cannot be traced back convincingly to the teaching of the earthly Jesus alone. They are, at the least, radical escalations and extensions beyond the implicit and explicit claims that most scholars would judge can be attributed to Jesus. In several publications over the last twenty years or more, I have argued that these convictions were also prompted and decisively shaped by powerful religious experiences that struck the initial recipients with revelatory force.33 The resurrection of Jesus is a case-study in this phenomenon of experiences generating innovative religious convictions. So, let us consider what earliest information we have about the experiences that generated the claim that he had been resurrected. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://larryhurtado.wordpress.com/2014/05/29/how-jesus-became-god-per-ehrman"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://larryhurtado.wordpress.com/2014/05/29/how-jesus-became-god-per-ehrman}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 /}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With probably the majority of NT scholars, Ehrman emphasizes that the exalted claims about Jesus reflected in the NT (e.g., that Jesus shares divine glory, divine rule, the divine name, and is to be given universal reverence)\~all appeared soon in the aftermath of Jesus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 execution.\~ These convictions were based primarily on experiences of the risen/exalted Jesus (\u8220\'93visions\u8221\'94 in Ehrman\u8217\'92s terms) by Jesus\u8217\'92 followers, which conveyed the conviction that God had raised Jesus from death and had uniquely exalted him as Christ and Lord. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ehrman (rightly in my view) also notes that these lofty claims about Jesus reflected in the NT seem to have erupted very early, so early that they are presupposed as widely shared already by the time Paul wrote his letters (from ca. 50 CE and thereafter).\~\~In a commendable example of changing his mind,\~Ehrman acknowledges that prior to immersing himself in the evidence and scholarly analysis for this book, he had assumed a much slower and more drawn-out process, but was driven to conclude that these remarkable Christological beliefs erupted much earlier and much more fully than he had thought.\~ It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s always reassuring when a scholar admits to learning something new, and even to changing his/her mind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As a final criticism, Ehrman posits that the key to Paul\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Christology is that he thought of Jesus as an (or the) angel (of God/the Lord).\~ That, says Ehrman, explains how Paul could ascribe \u8220\'93pre-existence\u8221\'94 to Jesus, and how, as a devout Jew,\~he could countenance worshipping Jesus.\~ As the key basis for this notion, Ehrman invokes a peculiar reading of Galatians 4:14,\~where Paul says that in his initial visit the Galatians received him \u8220\'93as an angel of God, as Christ Jesus.\u8221\'94\~ Ehrman insists that this is to be read as a flat appositive construction, in which \u8220\'93an angel of God\u8221\'94 = \u8220\'93Christ Jesus.\u8221\'94\~\~ But this isn\u8217\'92t actually as compelling a claim as he thinks.\~ Even Gieschen (on whose work Ehrman relies here) presents this reading of the construction as only a distinct \u8220\'93possibility.\u8221\'94\~ And most scholars (myself included) don\u8217\'92t think it really works.\~ The grammar certainly doesn\u8217\'92t require it, and it seems more reasonable to take it as a kind of stair-step statement, \u8220\'93angel of God\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Christ Jesus\u8221\'94 as ascending categories. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ALL THIS IS ABOUT YOU>}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://files1.wts.edu/uploads/images/files/Issues%20in%20New%20Testament%20Theology.pdf"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 http://files1.wts.edu/uploads/images/files/Issues%20in%20New%20Testament%20Theology.pdf}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {CONTEMPORARY HERMENEUTICS AND THE STUDY OF THE NEW TESTAMENT1 RICHARD B. GAFFIN, JR.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {THE question of hermeneutics (or how the Bible is to be interpreted) is at the center of contemporary theological debate. In fact, it does not go too far to say that today all theological discussion is, in one form or another, hermeneutical discussion. Particular lines of inquiry are seen to converge in a hermeneutical focus. Specific issues are considered to be reducible to a hermeneutical common denominator. In a word, the problem \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  for it is recognized to be such \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the problem of hermeneutics is felt to be the theological problem par excellence. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {To be more specific, hermeneutics and exegesis are related to each other as theory to practice. Hermeneutics is concerned with enunciating principles of interpretation derived, for the most part, from previously established epistemological and philological considerations, principles which, in turn, are to facilitate understanding of the text as they are applied in the concrete act of exegesis. This, for instance, is the conception of hermeneutics developed by Abraham Kuyper in the third volume of his monumental work on theological encyclopedia: hermeneutics is "de logica der ex\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9g\u232\'E8se. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {these three aspects: language, translation, and exposition \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  , the leading movement in current developments refers to itself as the "new hermeneutic" (singular) in distinction from hermeneutics (plural). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Nothing is more characteristic of contemporary hermeneutic than its attention to language, be it that of the text or the interpreter. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {(1) The first of these is the positive and indispensable role of language in understanding. Language is not secondary to meaning. Language is not the surface distortion of a presumably deeper level of meaning. Rather, one must make his point of departure, as Robinson puts it, "the unbroken linguisticality of understanding." }
\par\plain {(2) A second stress, correlate with the first, is that all language is itself interpretation. The significant implication of this point, so far as the text is concerned, is that as it points to the subject matter, the language of the text is not only in need of interpretation but is already itself an initial interpretation of the subject matter. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Hermeneutics has (of necessity, as we shall see) come more and more to deal with the phenomenon of understanding itself. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Contemporary hermeneutics is intelligible only as it is seen to have its proximate roots in the so-called "Enlightenment." That is, contemporary hermeneutics has its origin in that period (during the latter part of the seventeenth and during the eighteenth century) when the principle of human autonomy \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  which has always been latent in the heart of man \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  begins to come to consistent, well-worked-out, one may say, blatant expression. Man's reason is canonized as the final authority. The notion of an external authority of equal magnitude, be it that of Scripture or the church, is emphatically rejected. Coupled with the elimination of what has been referred to as the "God-hypothesis," is an assertion of unbounded confidence in the ability of man to penetrate the mysteries of the cosmic order. History and nature are presumed capable of a completely immanent explanation. The pointed hermeneutical significance of this Enlightenment principle of autonomy may be stated in a single sentence: "Man is his own interpreter." }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Several factors need to be noted here, factors which, it should be stressed, are inextricably related: (1) The doctrine of verbal inspiration, the notion of the divinely spirated, Godbreathed origin of the biblical text is abandoned along with the broader understanding of the nature of God and his activity of which this doctrine is a part. (2) A distinction begins to be made, an element of discontinuity introduced, between revelation, the Word of God, on the one hand, and the Bible, the words of men, on the other. (3) The methodological inference which is inevitably drawn is that no exceptions are to be granted to the Bible when it is dealt with as a text. It is to be treated like any other document which comes down to us out of the past. Scripture like all things historical has perhaps its relative right but no more than that. The presence of errors is a necessary methodological assumption. To put the matter more formally, the Bible (like any other historical document) is held to be the proper object of that methodology which in the past two hundred years has become more and more clearly defined and universally applied, the so-called "historical-critical" method. According to this method, the task of interpretation consists not only in explaining the text but also in passing judgment on the authenticity of what is reported and the Tightness of the views which are expressed. In short, the center of authority passes from the text of Scripture to the interpreter. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 The awesome, truly abysmal difficulties of this position were not immediately apparent. }
\par\plain {One may say that in its initial stages the "Enlightenment" was blinded by what is recognized on all sides today to be an incredibly naive, dogmatic Rationalistic outlook. However, it did not take long for the fundamental problem to surface. Because there are so many facets to this problem, it can be given various formulations. For our purposes it may be put as follows: if all historical phenomena (the biblical text included) are exposed to the corrosive effects of time, the relativity of history; then by what reason, on what basis, do the interpreter and his interpretation escape this same relativizing erosion and decay? }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {It is not inaccurate to say that this is the question which (in one way or another) has moved virtually all theological and philosophical reflection during the past 150 years. To express it again in the plaintive words of Ernst Troeltsch: "Where in life was support to be found, if all of its contents are historically conditioned and therefore fleeting and transitory?" Idealistic philosophy, in particular, gives special attention to this problem and seeks to secure the autonomous human subject by establishing that personality (or some aspect thereof) is untouched by and therefore impervious to the flow of history. The result, however, was a hopeless historicism which the periodic revival of a rancid rationalism could perhaps temporally suppress but not alleviate. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {On the whole, the twentieth century has been somewhat more sober and careful. To be more precise, the movements within the orbit defined by the axis between Barth and Bultmann have shown themselves to be more sober and careful. But this sobriety does not involve in any final sense a repudiation of Enlightenment presuppositions. It by no means includes a rejection of the "historical-critical" method of biblical interpretation. On the contrary, this method is applied with increasing refinement and rigor. It is held to be a common, extra-theological motive. Acceptance of the historical-critical method is made the price of admission to the guild of theologians. It bears repeating here that the principal developments in theology during this century are not an abandonment, only a more subtle recasting, a more shaded reassertion, of the principle of autonomy. Hence the designation of these developments (or segments of them) as a "neo-orthodoxy" is a misnomer whose inappropriateness becomes increasingly apparent. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Contemporary theology does differ from that of the nineteenth century, however, in that it has given up trying to secure man against history. On the contrary, it has come to assert \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  and to assert emphatically \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the historicness \{Geschichtlichkeit) of human existence. This notion of historicness is a difficult and many-faceted one. It has built into it the basic structural elements of the dominant theological outlook of our day. At this point in our discussion, however, it is sufficient to note in particular that it involves the idea of the radical temporality, the transitoriness, the unmitigated relativity, of man's being. Such an outlook is not without significant consequences for hermeneutics. The primary hermeneutical implication now is that both \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the interpreter as well as the text \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  are caught up and swept along in the relativizing flow of history. No longer is the interpreter held to survey the text in regal objectivity and presuppositionless splendor. Rather he, like the text he seeks to interpret, is limited in his outlook and restricted by his presuppositions, which are bound to give way and be replaced in another time and place. This "preunderstanding" of the interpreter, however, is absolutely essential. No interpretation can take place without it. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Hence that which gives distinguishing character to contemporary hermeneutic is its understanding of interpretation as dialogical in nature. Interpretation is dialogue in the most profound and fundamental sense of the word. The hermeneutical situation is understood as the interplay, the conversation, between text and interpreter, each with its definitely restricted perspective, each with its only limited validity. It is this back and forth movement which has given rise to speaking about the "hermeneutical circle.'' In dealing with the text, the interpreter is not a spectator in the balcony, but an actor on the stage. He too is involved in the flow of history. }{\f0\fs24\b1 Consequently, not only does he interrogate and interpret the text, but the text addresses, challenges, "interprets" him (the interpreter). }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {7 A favorite model us\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u231\'E7d to describe the nature of this speech event, this linguisticality, is the distinction between seeing and hearing. Man in his essence is not one who sees, but one who hears. He is not one whose concreated task is to subdue the earth and conquer it. He is not so much one who surveys and makes definitive statements about something or someone. Language can be used in this way (as it is for instance in science), but then it is being employed superficially, inauthentically. Rather man is one who is addressed and hears, who ever speaks to and is spoken to. (Here one comes upon the deeper motive for the current stress on preaching and proclamation.) Correlative to this view of man, history is not seen primarily as an ordered, connected sequence of events. Rather its essence is a dynamic, interpersonal reality, fluid and open in character. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {, I would underscore that the intensity of this preoccupation reflects just how pressing has become the dilemma created by the rejection of the divine origin and authority of the Bible. A crisis in understanding is the price paid for autonomy, for making man the interpreter constitutive for meaning and revelation. Ours is a day when, as never before, man has become a question to himself. Man himself has become hermeneutically problematic, and his entire existence is conceived of as one great interpretative endeavor. In a world in which it is held that the only absolute is uncertainty, he searches for norms.}{\f0\fs24\b1  From the aimless roll of time in which he is caught up he tries to wrest meaning. On the ever-drifting sands of historical theology he attempts the impossible task of erecting a coherent statement of faith. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norman_Shepherd"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norman_Shepherd}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {1) Opposition to the presuppositions of the "Enlightenment" must continue to be sharply focused and unabated. To put it positively, the consideration of most profound, most fundamental hermeneutical significance is very simply this: the Bible is God's word. That this is basic is obvious, but just how basic does not always appear to be sufficiently grasped. The Bible is God's word \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  one must say that this, strictly speaking, is a pre-hermeneutical or, if you will, a metahermeneutical consideration. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {that conviction may not be called in question or made hermeneutically problematic. Let me be crystal clear concerning the conviction I am talking about here. It is not a deeply rooted persuasion about the central message of the Bible; it is not a being grasped by the basic theme of Scripture, although this, to be sure, is involved. Rather it is a settled conviction, a firm belief, concerning the text as text. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The book of Romans, these words penned in ink on the papyrus (perhaps by an amanuensis!), }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But it appears to me increasingly necessary to insist that the conviction that the words of the Bible are the very words of God is an integral and inamissible component of saving faith. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {In other words, there is danger that, in one way or another, we begin to treat time as an enemy of God's truth and seek to secure ourselves against history. One must certainly share Professor Zuidema's recently expressed pique over the caricature that orthodoxy views the Bible as a book which has been dropped down straight out of heaven.9 Still, it is difficult to deny that in the orthodox tradition justice has not been done to the historical character of the Bible, either in terms of its origin or its contents. There has been and continues to be a tendency to view Scripture as a quarry of proof texts for the building of a dogmatic edifice, as a collection of moral principles for the construction of a system of ethics. That is to say, there is a tendency to force the Bible into a mold, to impose upon it a unity which, to a greater or lesser degree, is foreign to it. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 New Testament Theology }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.obinfonet.ro/docs/tbnt/tbrex/caird-tbnt.pdf"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.obinfonet.ro/docs/tbnt/tbrex/caird-tbnt.pdf}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {The argument against the holy spirit is guiding you, and him, as that you are coming to different conclusions as people who are also invested with the holy spirit. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 G.\~B. Caird}{\f0\fs24\b0 , was a British theologian, biblical scholar and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Congregational_church"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Congregational}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~minister.}{ }{\f0\fs24\b0 \~At the time of his death he was\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dean_Ireland%27s_Professor_of_the_Exegesis_of_Holy_Scripture"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 Dean Ireland's Professor of the Exegesis of Holy Scripture}}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~at the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Oxford"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0 University of Oxford}}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {New Testament theology is a historical discipline. It is not to be confused with either dogmatics or apologetics: for its purpose is neither to provide scriptural authority for modern doctrinal beliefs nor to make those beliefs appear reasonable and defensible to the unconvinced inquirer. Its purpose is descriptive. 2 We may indeed believe that in the New Testament we have a divine revelation valid for all ages. But that revelation was made in historical events, and those who first thought out the significance of those events did so in relation to the circumstances of their time and with a pastoral concern for particular congregations; even their general statements were made with reference to the particular. They never dreamt that what they wrote would, centuries later, be subjected to the microscopic scrutiny of modern biblical scholarship, providing in every unusual phrase and every unexpressed assumption matter for a doctoral dissertation. Nor did they imagine that it might be used as a rule of faith and practice in a world changed beyond their imagining. Yet for us that scrutiny is necessary, since we cannot be confident in discerning the relevance of their teaching to our day until by all the resources of historical research we have learnt its relevance to their own. Karl Barth once properly warned us to be suspicious of a biblical research which loses itself in details of antiquarian reconstruction and forgets that the Bible is a book about God; but the Barthian revolt against Historismus all too easily becomes an indifference to history totally incompatible with the belief that God revealed himself in events which happened sub Pontius Pilato }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The distinction between New Testament theology and other related disciplines is one which has all too often been ignored. Systematic theologians naturally wish their work to be regarded as biblical theology, in the sense that it is in harmony with what they find written in Scripture. But to confound dogmatics with New Testament theology is to assume that the New Testament writers had minds which worked exactly like ours and were interested in the same questions as we are. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {If, for example, we take it for granted that Christians in the first century attached much importance to the questions of church order which occupy the attention of modern ecumenical conferences, we shall certainly distort what little the New Testament has to say on this subject; for the Pastoral Epistles are more interested in the bishop's morals than in his authority. Romans 9-11 will certainly be misrepresented if we treat it as Paul's philosophy of history or as a treatise on predestination and free will, and not as a very practical wrestling with a problem of missionary policy. Paul, in Romans 13 was not merely airing his views on the state but communicating something to a particular group of readers, so that we need to determine not only what he could have meant by the words but also what the readers could have been expected to understand by them. If we not only ask what a New Testament writer said, but also what he was communicating when he said it, we shall be chary of giving the New Testament doctrine about a question which the New Testament writers themselves never raised. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {There is therefore an element of judgement in all history, not merely in the sense that the historian must exercise critical discrimination, but in the sense that we are judged by what we make of our past. This does not mean, however, that historians are hopelessly imprisoned within the walls of their own subjectivity or of the subjectivity of their time. The work of creation is never ex nihilo. It must be admitted that Winston Smith in George Orwell's 1984, whose task it was to 'correct' back issues of The Times in order to make them conform with party propaganda, has his counterparts in real life; and that even those who adhere to the principle 'Comment is free, but facts are sacred' are liable by inadvertence to impose on facts an interpretation they are incapable of bearing. But the moral of this long tale is simply that historical accuracy is the product of free discussion, honest criticism, and constant revision. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This method has one obvious advantage. If New Testament theology is to be of value, it must be of value to the ongoing life of the Church; and one of its functions is to supply 'raw material' for systematic theology. Theologians have with justice complained that the findings of biblical scholarship have too often not been presented in a form which they could readily use; 6 and the dogmatic method is, superficially at least, exempt from that complaint. But the objections to it are overwhelming, for it raises at least four types of problem. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {1. There is the problem of category, i.e. the confusion of doctrine with revelation. 'For the love of Christ leaves us no choice, when once we have reached the conclusion that one man died for all and therefore all have died' (2 Con. 5:14). Paul undoubtedly believed in the objectivity of God's saving and revealing act in Christ; but the impact of that event on his own life depended on his having reached a conclusion about it. Doctrines, ancient and modern, are the product of human thought about the revelation of God; they are not revealed truth. 7 We are saved by believing in God, not by believing doctrines, not even the doctrine of justification by faith. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {2. There is the problem of interest. The dogmatist assumes that the New Testament writers dealt with matters of perennial significance, and concludes that what seems important to him or her must equally have been important to them. But the New Testament shows, for example, little interest in those questions of church order which have engrossed the attention of modern ecumenists. Paul, like Jesus, is impatient of protocol; 8 it did not matter to him who administered baptism, and there is not a shred of evidence that it mattered to him or to anybody else who presided at the eucharist. James Barr 9 has effectively shown that, while the biblical writers frequently use words for time in talking about other subjects, they never, with the one exception of Qoheleth, make statements about time itself. and he has reasonably questioned whether there is any value in speaking of 'a biblical concept of time'. When the Second Vatican Council decreed that there are not two sources of revelation (scripture and tradition) but only one (scripture as interpreted in tradition), there was an immediate danger that conservative scholars would start ransacking scripture to provide authority for those dogmas which had previously been believed on the basis of tradition alone. 10 E. P. Sanders has convincingly argued that the traditional Lutheran interpretation of Pauline theology, together with the picture of Judaism which it assumes, is the projection on to the first century of a sixteenth century controversy. 11 Personal interest is thus a common intruder into the study of the New Testament academic. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {3. There is the problem of reference, i.e. the assumption that in the New Testament 'the speaker is referring to what we should be referring to were we speaking the words ourselves'. 12 When, for example, we read of a contrast between gospel and Law, we tend (if we are thinking dogmatically rather than historically) to suppose that the one refers to the Christian and the other to the Jewish religion. But Torah covers much more than what we mean by religion; it is also the code of civil and criminal law of the Jewish nation and the national ethos of the Jewish people, the Jewish way of life. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {4. There is the problem of authority. Modern Christians naturally wish their teaching to be regarded as biblical, in the sense that it is in harmony with what they find in Scripture. This is an aim which any honest biblical scholar will hardly wish to criticize. But if that harmony is guaranteed from the outset by doctrinal authority, whether by the explicit statement that the doctrines of the Church are ex sese irreformabiles or by the unacknowledged infallibilities which are more characteristic of the churches of the Reformation, 13 it becomes nothing more than a tautology. Human beings hardly put themselves under the authority of the word of God in the Bible--under its criticism and judgement, its illumination and renewing powers--unless they allow the Bible to speak, above all the voices of ecclesiastical dogma, with its own original, authentic voice. Moreover, the dogmatic approach to the New Testament is inevitably selective. Theologians of various traditions have all appealed to the New Testament to provide warrant for their conflicting views, and so have made themselves vulnerable to the cynical epigram of Werenfels: 'This is the book in which every one searches for his own opinions, and every one with equal success finds his own opinions.' }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 1.2.2. The Chronological Approach }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Those scholars who led the revolt against the dogmatic method, deeply impressed as they were by the variety of New Testament experience and thought, denied also that there could be a theology common to a collection of books which were the product neither of a single setting nor of a single generation, and undertook to substitute for the theology of the New Testament 'a history of New Testament thought'. The aim here is simple: we must trace the growth of Christian ideas from the seed-beds of Jewish or Graeco-Oriental thought, through the various stages represented in the New Testament, to the catholic }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Those who have contributed to the history of early Christianity have come to it from a particular field of research and with a predominant interest which has coloured their view of the whole period. Thus Professor Bultmann discovered in the New Testament evidence of Gnosticism, where the Old Testament scholar sees only the natural and proper development of Hebrew ways of thought; and the provocative writer Stauffer, criticizing Deissmann and Dalman for attempting to illuminate the first century by the use of Hellenistic or Jewish documents from later periods, represented early Christianity as merely one branch of apocalyptic. Just as the nineteenth-century quest for the historical Jesus, with its host of mutually contradictory lives of Jesus, ended in a horrifying form of scepticism, so the mutually incompatible histories of early Christianity have raised doubts about the validity of their method and the very possibility of their objective. Nobody will dispute that it would be desirable to possess an account of the development of early Christianity which would command general agreement. But do we have the evidence to make this possible? The chronology of the New Testament is notoriously problematic, even for the life of Paul, where the evidence is strongest. 17 The attempt of J. A. T. Robinson 18 to give an early date to the books of the New Testament has not won many converts, but it has demonstrated the precarious nature of the arguments by which dates have been assigned. And if it is hard to date whole books, how much more speculative must be the dating of their constitutive elements, the hypothetical sources and redactional strands of the Gospels and such items as the hymns which it has been fashionable to detect within the Epistles? Scholarly terminology has frequently disguised the difficulties rather than solving them. What, for example, does the term 'prePauline' signify? Is it that which antedates the conversion of Paul, or the writing of his first letter, or the writing of the letter which happens to be under discussion? And can we be sure that what is pre-Pauline in the second and third senses is independent of the influence of Paul? }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {-12- }
\par\plain {It was once generally accepted that in its doctrine of the person of Christ the New Testament displayed a steady development from the 'low' Christology of Jewish-Christian Messianism to the 'high' Christology of the cosmic Christ and the logos doctrine; but Dom Gregory Dix 26 has warned us against too facile an assumption that a Christology expressed in Greek terms of status is necessarily higher than one expressed in Jewish terms of function, and in any case there is no Christology in the New Testament higher than that of Phil. 2:6 ff., which is earlier than any of the non-Pauline writings. B. Lindars has argued that the use of Old Testament quotations in the New Testament underwent a logical development dictated by the changing apologetic and pastoral needs of the Church; but he is careful to point out that this 'logical sequence . . . can be linked to historical development at some points, but not always'; 27 and that, in one case at least, ' John preserves the oldest application, Acts the second, and Mark the latest'. 28 Whatever hypothesis we adopt about the 'primitive' beliefs of Christology or any other subject, we are liable to find that in some respects Matthew, Luke, and John are more 'primitive' than their predecessors. 29 In any religious community different degrees of development and different levels of profundity coexist; movements of thought rarely proceed in a single, straight line. Moreover, developments do not necessarily take place at the time when they are first recorded, nor are the processes by which new ideas are reached necessarily identical with the arguments by which they are subsequently defended. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The task of writing a history of early Christian thought is thus beset by at least as many pitfalls as the task of writing a life of Jesus, and scholars who attempt it are likely to find that their work commends itself only to their most ardent disciples. But even if such a work could be successfully completed it would in one respect differ from New Testament theology in that it would deliberately ignore the canon. If the apostolic age is to be treated simply as an important chapter in the continuously unfolding story of religious thought, or even of divine revelation, the books of the New Testament are not in principle different from any other book. According to this view, these books are normative for the life and teaching of the Church, not because of any intrinsic quality, but because the Church, after much wavering, has so decided. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {MODEL - 34}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }