{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her study started with the extremities, the fingers and toes. Then she worked her way up the fore-arms, her fingers tracing veins, and she worked her way over the ankles and up the lower-lower legs. When she got to the dead boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knees, she ordered Seb to take off the dead boy\u8217\'92s tunic. This Seb did with some difficulty, as Elrahet was not inclined to help or even move out of the way. Once it was done, and the boy was naked, Elrahet began her study anew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was an odd black birthmark on the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest. Elrahet squeezed it between her bony fingers as if to pop it off. Then she picked through his mop of black hair like a mother looking for lice. Then she cupped his uglies, but there was no great providence there, and next she tucked her thumbs into her palms and set all eight fingers to work in palpating the boy\u8217\'92s belly. When she got to jabbing her fingers up under the boy\u8217\'92s ribs, Seb\u8217\'92s impatience got the best of him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he needed to know what was going on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t ya just cut him open?\u8221\'94 he asked bluntly, though he\u8217\'92d forgotten to stop chewing his borcandi spine as he asked it, so his words were a little lost between squelches.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One day Seb realized that the only other person he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever known who\u8217\'92d had vision worse than his, was his old aunt Sesha. Old Sesha saw splotches of light and shadow and that was it. But if she stared at a person for long enough, and got all glassy eyed, then she would begin to see bands of radiant color resolving into the outline of the person. She called it aurasight. She saw red or black for killers and thieves and the like, green or blue for gentle folk, gold for the merely curious, and so on. It was an invaluable skill. Her weakness became a strength, and Seb figured that\u8217\'92s how it must work with eyesight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lose sight of the natural world to gain sight of the hidden one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whenever he tried to see auras, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d mimic what he\u8217\'92d seen his old aunt Sesha do. She would stand as still as a statue and stare without focus. She\u8217\'92d get all shaky and sweaty as if she were killing herself with the effort. Seb wasn\u8217\'92t sure what was going on inside her head. It seemed simple, like all she was doing was narrowing the world down to her and her target, and then, through vein-popping concentration, she\u8217\'92d will the auras into existence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stepped over and knelt next to the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head. There was a story written on the boy\u8217\'92s face that Seb couldn\u8217\'92t read. There simply weren\u8217\'92t enough clues. The boy\u8217\'92s lips were ashen and cracked, but overall he didn\u8217\'92t look water-starved. His skin looked like it had never seen a sun-blister. His dark brown eyes bore that calm expression of death, serene, the kind of rested ease that Seb desperately wanted but wasn\u8217\'92t willing to go that far to get. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wish I could figure what he\u8217\'92s doin\u8217\'92 here,\u8221\'94 Seb said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His body doesn\u8217\'92t look too spoiled,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Elrahet could always try and bring him back. Then he could tell us himself what he\u8217\'92s doing out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb looked to Elrahet with eager eyes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 watching the old witch work magic on a Spark was first and foremost amongst his desires. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, bring him back!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The suggestion sent Elrahet sneering all the deeper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why don\u8217\'92t you do it yourself?\u8221\'94 she said, each word laced with derision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, Seb, do it yourself. Meanwhile, the rest of us will be bagging a Mazid and remaking the world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was stumped. Moto wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the type to go in for intuition unless it was his own. He might listen to Elrahet, but she didn\u8217\'92t say squat. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}