{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quick!\u8221\'94 Salavan shouted as he pushed himself up off the dead brat. \u8220\'93A pellet! Quick!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A false wall opened up to reveal a hidden closet and a skinny slave woman, Lorba, who hustled out, bearing in her hands a small ceramic platter laden with black pellets the size and shape of finger bones. These knobby pellets squirmed like worms, and Salavan licked his lips as he pinched one and stuffed it into the dead brat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Water!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lorba ducked back into the closet and pulled from it a bag of water. Salavan sat the boy up, and Lorba held the waterbag above the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth while Salavan cradled the lolling head in his left arm. He clamped the flopping jaw around the waterbag\u8217\'92s mouthpiece while he constricted the flow into the throat with his free right hand. As the water dripped, Salavan wiggled the boy\u8217\'92s head forward and back, undulating the throat, trying to guide the black pellet down to the stomach where the Spark was quickly fading.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move away,\u8221\'94 Salavan commanded after he flicked the dripping mouthpiece aside. Lorba shuffled back, clutching the waterbag against her stomach as she watched her master pat the boy\u8217\'92s back like he were burping a baby. Eventually the boy\u8217\'92s stomach heaved and a cupful of water came spouting out of his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93White light!\u8221\'94 Salavan shouted in triumph. He let the dead body go limp and he stood up to observe his handiwork. \u8220\'93If I didn\u8217\'92t snag this Spark, I would have hated myself forever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he remembered Lorba was still in the room, he said to her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pick it up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lorba tossed the waterbag into the closet. She then hugged the boy up against the wall, and then crouched to let him fall onto her shoulders. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d become quite efficient at carrying half-dead bodies up and out of this basement. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have no time to waste,\u8221\'94 Salavan barked. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re leaving tonight!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Salavan ran up the stairs, two at a time, and Lorba hustled up after him. She followed him through the many white rooms and corridors of his great house, and she followed him out into the gray rain, across the white stone yard, and into his wagon-house, which was more of a sheltered porch that adjoined his western wall. Underneath this shelter was the horse, Jaggy, a calm, amenable beast who was happy to listen to the rain tap-tapping against the clay shingles of his shelter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s roof.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll get the horse hitched,\u8221\'94 said Salavan as he slipped the knot in Jaggy\u8217\'92s reins that tied the beast to the shelter\u8217\'92s post.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lorba sauntered around them towards the wagon, which was already full with bodies of half-dead, spark-snagged bodies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no room,\u8221\'94 Lorba squawked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it, woman, stuff it in!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lorba grumbled a curse and dropped the }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}