{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We need to stay here in the underworld. Doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter what he sees, or what he tells them. THey\u8217\'92ll have no idea where the hell we are, or where we\u8217\'92ll end up. If we go back out to the surface, then the chase is back on. If we stay down here, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter what he sees or feels or whatever - there\u8217\'92s just no way they\u8217\'92ll find us, or find out where we\u8217\'92ll pop out on the surface.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gone. We have no protection if we stay down here. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d rather take my chances with imperials than zombies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella interrupts the squabbling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re staying down here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence grips the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram is no longer in his body. But he is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 down here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd, trying to sympathise}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Empire is just a tool. We want the same thing. Murderers, rapist, thieves purged from the earth. The Empire was created for this purpose - a single culture that can bind the people together. For as long as there are other cultures, a suffuse of races, there will be excuses in the minds of men to murder, rape, and steal at demonic scale. That is Our purpose - to elimnate parochial altruism, to eliminate fear of the Other, by eliminating not \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91The other\u8217\'92, but the very notion of otherness. And the Empire is just a tool to do it - you must see that. If another, better way makes itself known, we would take it. But there is no other way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Getting rid of righteous indignation. Getting rid of good men doing evil.}}