{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The next morning, Mandri stole himself away from the march when he was sure no one would notice. He ducked behind a bush, tore off one of its thorns, and used it as a needle to poke a hole in the tip of his god-eye burgeon. He dabbed one meager droplet of its juice onto his tongue. He wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sip more than that because the idea was to escape himself and liven up the day\u8217\'92s journey, not end up catatonic like before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He hoped he timed it correctly. The morning sun was bobbing up above the horizon, and it would be grand if the burgeon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dissociative effects kicked in around mid-morning, right when the heat would start to get under his robes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He plugged the tiny hole he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made in the burgeon with the thorn, and he stuffed the blessed bulb into a pocket to save for later. If he rationed it carefully he could stretch the juice across the coming week. Then, when it was dry, he would roll the rest of it flat and from there he\u8217\'92d experiment to discover the best method of ingestion. Then he would steal another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rejoined the march, avoiding idle conversation. He was intent on documenting the peculiarities of the god-eye sight as it came.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This vast expanse was a fair place to be doing this kind of thing. Compared to a cave, there would be so much more to see, and much better light to see it by. There were no black splotches to fall into, as every shadow was suffused with a rich, deep-sea blue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He shuffled along in eager anticipation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A whole hand passed without event.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He began to wonder if he needed to double the dose, but he suspected that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t end well for him. If he fainted, Seb would guess why. She would search his robes, and she\u8217\'92d find the burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sun bore down on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The entire world was intent on wringing him dry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The cracked clay under his feet grew a few shades whiter with every step, reflecting the sun a few shades nearer unbearable. His face hardened into that familiar squint that every Outland poke wore. It pained him to look in any direction but down. This limitation added some difficulty to his quest of cataloging the effects of the burgeon, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to worry about this for long, because a few steps later, the sun fell out of the sky and the whole world exploded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He blinked in shock. This triggered another flash of light\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a purer, shimmering light which flooded his sight from the periphery. He gasped and shut his eyes tight against this burning scour, but even with eyes closed, his vision boiled with a whiteness which churned and split into an iridescent whorl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he opened his eyes again, the world was not the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sand all around was rooted through with white rainbow filaments, sticking up like grass. They covered the rocks, carpeted the landscape on towards the horizon. Every surface was tufted with these flighty fibers, mostly finger-length, but some of grew up into to the sky, as tall as trees, a canopy bending long in the soaring wind, wiggling like tentacles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a vision beyond any burgeon biter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And there was Ayram, marching through it all. His loping legs were roughing up this waving sea of white. And he was covered in the stuff. His giant pack bristled with rigid white fibrous spines which bulged with his every breath.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was covered in these filaments as well, though his were not so stiff. They looked more like a web. They stretched out towards everything and stuck to everything, his sister, mostly, but they also knotted up with the sand and rocks. So enmeshed was he in the world, that every time he lifted his foot, hungry threads stretched up from the ground and latched onto his boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was lifeless in comparison. What few magic threads she wore hung limply down against her, looking like spotty locks of mangy fur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was much cleaner, clothed in threads all brushed and groomed. Most of these wrapped back around her figure and stuck to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin. There he stared astonished, for he was not at all like the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could see he is bones; gray and ghostly. All his organs were there too, each of them dark. Darkest of all were his lungs, for each breath suffused them with the blackest Black. Yes, his lungs were two spreading wings of rot encased by ribs, with Black tendrils running out of them, running fast through him, down to his fingers and toes, turgid streams of ink. His stomach, too, was a Black void, wrinkled and squeezed by a severed hand whose heel was stitched with threads of purpose that lead back, of course, to Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark shimmered inside her stomach, a formless gray light, with edges glittering white, shifting into red, green, and blue. Thicker, more liquid lines stretched out of that Spark and traced a route towards Moto, Elrahet, Ayram, and Seb. All Sparks here were connected together in a mystic mesh, with the varying thickness of these strands measuring affection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Incredible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was struck by an overwhelming urge to paint the scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lamented the lack of materials. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If he had a stick of charcoal and a sheet of paper, he could start sketching right then and there. He knew that if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sketch this vision now, as he saw it, necessary details would be forgotten. One night\u8217\'92s sleep, and they\u8217\'92d be lost forever. That was terrifying, because this scene }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 needed }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 to be recorded, and recorded by him, for his sight was the spindle which joined all these threads together. Only his hand could give the scene a sacred body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an image in a frame\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one which could move about the world and inject the purpose of this exact moment into every future moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But how could he capture this light by scribbling with coal? Or even pigment?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Reality conspired against him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was hopeless to even try.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep walking,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled as she passed him. The wind flicked the hem of her desert-bitten robe, stretching and snapping white filaments which poofed into mist. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark outshone them all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her golden Spark nearly outshone the sun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And more than anyone else, she was enmeshed in a complex web of thread. Her black, puffy silhouette was almost cocooned in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A thread of hers stretched all the way up to a vulture wheeling overhead. Mandri could just make out its Spark. And down below, there were threads crossing underneath the sand. Perhaps these pointed out lizards, or snakes and beetles, as there were smaller, glimmering Sparks all around, all different colors, all manner of  desert creatures which he could not see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of these Sparks was more interesting than most.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It appeared to be an ordinary rock. A natural, red, sway-backed block of sandstone. The sand was littered with similar slumpy boulders, but only one had a Spark stuck inside its core. And it was an interesting Spark indeed, a twisted rage of color, dimly burning, red and pink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri walked towards it to investigate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when he noticed that sound could affect these threads. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His own humming vibrated a sparkle in front of his face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a fly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The faint screech of the vulture above shivered the threads dancing in the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A gust of wind blew, and the sizzle of sand grains sent the vast carpet of light in front of him buzzing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The thupping of leather-bound feet rippled it too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sound of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shout sent it all into spasms.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MANDRI!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder and yanked him back, forcing him onto his ass. Before he could complain, she began to drag him through this field of waving light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let go!\u8221\'94 he shouted, but Moteah only stopped when he twisted himself out of her grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you blind!?\u8221\'94 she shouted back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By now the others had turned and were hustling towards them. All of their threads were bristling now, like Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you we need to find another Mazid,\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was only trying to take a piss,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. He was an old hand at feigning sobriety. Instinct propelled him through a hearty scoff. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see what the big deal is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah picked up a loose pebble, then side-armed it at the Sparked boulder that he had been hunting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The pebble smacked into the boulder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The boulder flinched and hissed as it flashed its yellow fangs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A lizard!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a red lizard with flat scales that melted back into each other when the creature settled back into its hunched squat. It was a perfect camouflage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri squinted in a vain attempt to discern its features. An organic line of corded muscle roped around what he thought were shoulders. Almost human-like, those shoulders. Almost like a demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He strained to see more clearly, and as he did, the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s red head emerged from the wash of white like a flower unfolding in the sun. First came a scrunched-up snout laden with drooling flews. The rest of the head followed, an outsized human skull with deep sockets that framed yellow, snake-slitted eyes. The beast tried to hide those eyes behind its hands. Those hands were the most grotesque hands imaginable, all curled up and taloned like one of those long-lived pillow lizards whose claws are never trimmed, those favored pets of Outland kings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should kill it!\u8221\'94 Mandri shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a sword, don\u8217\'92t you? If you want to kill it, then run over there and kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could almost feel that demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s teeth sinking into his flesh, scratching another nick into his thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll warn you,\u8221\'94 Moto said. \u8220\'93Even small demons are difficult to kill. Easy to wound, but if that is all you do, then you\u8217\'92ll have to chase it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shuffled backwards and bumped into Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg. He stammered through an apology, but was unable to express a cogent thought at the moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93Them demons got no courage when they alone. An\u8217\'92 they dumber than the rocks they look like. The damn thing thinks we can\u8217\'92t see it. Shit, we all lookin\u8217\'92 at it, and it still thinks we don\u8217\'92t know it\u8217\'92s there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram reached down and grabbed an Ayram-sized throwing stone. He turned the heavy stone, fuzzy with purpose, around in his hand. Tiny little threads found grooves in his giant palm. All the while, more threads of purpose were spooling out of his shoulder, towards the demon, and when his grip was settled, he fixed his gaze, and all his threads drew taut. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His long arm whipped that rock straight at the demon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SMACK!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock exploded into fragments and dust. The demon shrieked and flew backwards into a tumble. Blood gargled out of its smashed up snout as it tried to scramble upright, but Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stone had robbed its legs of confidence. It juddered, slipped, and fell again. It was such a broken mess that Mandri almost felt bad for it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It eventually staggered up on all fours, then limp-sprinted away, zig-zagging as if unsure of which way to flee. Then it came to a sudden stop and squatted back down in the dirt, reassuming the shape of a rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was hidden\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or so it thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good target practice,\u8221\'94 Ayram muttered. Then a bright idea flashed in his wild eyes. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have Mandri try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He grabbed Mandri and lifted him up. He aimed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head at the demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah, come make him kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Elrahet, not Moteah, who waddled forward. This witch was little more than a cloud of white. With so many threads woven around her, she seemed to drag the world along with her every step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Focus,\u8221\'94 she said to Mandri. \u8220\'93Breathe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri sipped a breath to compose himself, but this was impossible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to play along,\u8221\'94 he said, knowing full well he was about to be enthralled. This fear was realized when Elrahet\u8217\'92s bony hand jutted out of her threads. Her fist was clenched around the handle of her accursed Black knife. She slashed the air in front of his cheek, and in one swift stroke, any errant threads which stuck him to the external world were severed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She swung again, and more threads were cut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind slumped deep into its seat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She swung again, and again, severing all threads save those connected to Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s severed hand. \u8220\'93Think of nothing,\u8221\'94 she grumbled as she began to circle, continuing to prune his figure. \u8220\'93Reach out with your arm,\u8221\'94 she said to Moteah, and Moteah set the stump of her wrist against Mandri\u8217\'92s back, as if she were reaching inside to reconnect her limb. Mandri could feel her fingers moving, squeezing his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then his shoulders suddenly crimped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His heart thumped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 An urge to scream swelled up his chest and spread to each of his limbs. As it did, a heat began to burn at the base of his throat. He opened his mouth towards the heavens and a searing pain shot through his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He cried out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93EEEEAAAAUGH!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He collapsed in a twisted heap of pain. His head seemed about to burst. Through the agony, he heard someone shout, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know!\u8221\'94 Moteah answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri writhed around for a finger more, clutching his head. By the time he was back inside his own skin, only Ayram remained. The rest had resumed their journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better play along next time,\u8221\'94 Ayram said with a frown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By the time Mandri found the strength to stand and follow, the god-eye sight had vanished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He walked the rest of the day in silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah was upset with herself, and very quiet too. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At some point, Ayram told Seb to not venture so far ahead. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From here out, we stick together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb became prickly after that, more so than usual. Whenever her name was called, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d respond with a despondent sneer.}}