{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sex.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing is more vile than sex.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Few women, and fewer men, can resist that corruption of love. Love is the noblest of virtues, and so it must be, as with all things, that one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s greatest strength is also it\u8217\'92s greatest weakness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So sayeth the Solitants, and so it must be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had heard these words from a Solitant mendicant. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A solitant mendicant will wander streets, shaking a bowl, praying for alms, and at any moment}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This young man, like Mandri, was in the flower of his youth. He was renowned for his unwavering faith, even going so far as to sit at the . He was a perfect target for Enhedawadeen.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But wht of}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Enhedawadeen sent forth a demon in the form of a whore to tempt Kasily to sin. This didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, so he sent another, fair of hair and skin. She, too, failed to win a shameless victory. Enhedawadeen tried one last time, send a man. This demon, too, failed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Enhedawadeen raged in the depths of Shis. This chaste man, this , was concrete proof that the king of demons did not know mankind as well as . Did the urges not persist? Did he . Enhedawadeen had to no for sure. So, he sent another demon, this time in it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s natural, visceral form. It chased down Kasily and, wrestled to the point of exhaustion.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wind making a sweet whisper though the leaves of the trees, where they made him lie down on a feather bed, and left him there, tied down with soft silken bonds to prevent him escaping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , fondling his manhood in her hands, in the hope of so inciting him to lust}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kisli, inspirited by the heavens, bit off his tongue and spat it in the temptress\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 face. Torrent of blood, he drowned.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some kind of flirting between mandri and purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Desert fathers story}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shameless victory over him. Bit down on his tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have needed any temptress.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sob Chapter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reveals him to be a traitor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meets up with Pella.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your brother\u8217\'92s sacrifice will not be forgotten.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He fills her in.}}