{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Point of chapter:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah and Moto}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah - cruelty of the mazydai first hand when she was young.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is like, seems like an alright guy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conversation about the ambush - mandri is like, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a tricksy dude. He can hear things hes shouldn\u8217\'92t be able to . He\u8217\'92s probably awake right now, listening to us. I wasn\u8217\'92t there, but, I just don\u8217\'92t see how. It\u8217\'92s like he can see through rocks. I mean, remember back in that pit cave and he was like, \u8220\'93they\u8217\'92re coming\u8221\'94, and then the scout whistled?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What do you hate about yourself?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just sakes her head at the stupid question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gonna be thinking about that one for a while, huh?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He believed that the reason for all this was that his life, prior to being killed, violated the aesthetic principle of contrast\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to see the Good, to appreciate it for what it is, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got to be put next to the Bad. White is only bright when it\u8217\'92s set against dark, and when one is living a life of relative luxury, as Mandri did, sheltered from the truly Bad, well of course he\u8217\'92s not going to be able to see the Good when it is there. The worst physical pain he\u8217\'92d ever felt\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 prior to being bit by a demon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was mere discomfort. When his parents pawned his talents from city to city they traveled in boats without cushioned seats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another part of the problem, he believed, was that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been instilled with the belief that everything can always be better. Most people who recognize the truth of such a conceit don\u8217\'92t let it get in the way of a good day. A birthday gift could always be better, but they don\u8217\'92t actually }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 say}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that out loud. Mandri envied these people. He envied their parentage, as no doubt they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had parents who played impressed at gifts they were given, mothers and fathers who would look at a mud sculpture wrought by tiny sausage fingers and ignore the fact that it looked like the cast of an intestinal tract. They\u8217\'92d say, \u8220\'93What a lovely gift, thank you so much for making that for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing was good enough for Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s parents. A sad state for little Mandrameen, but it wasn\u8217\'92t Bad, or Black, just a little bit Grey. Mandri could paint it Black if he wanted to, in fact he half believed that he couldn\u8217\'92t be happy because his mother didn\u8217\'92t play dumb enough as he aged from four to six. Those are critical years. Where else but a mother is a child supposed to go for acceptance? Mandri would draw a picture and his mother would say, \u8216\'91That\u8217\'92s nice, but it could be better\u8217\'92, and so of course he\u8217\'92d hate it too. And at that age, what is a drawing but an ambitious fling at self expression? His drawings weren\u8217\'92t good enough, and so he wasn\u8217\'92t good enough, at least not until he\u8217\'92d reached the age of eight. By that point, \u8216\'91Everything can always be better\u8217\'92 went from being a part of life\u8217\'92s milieu to an ingrained aspect of his Spark. This might have helped him become an accomplished painter, but it bled over into everything else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could find a flaw with anyone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These flaws weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t beauty marks or blemishes, flaws that when juxtaposed against perfection enhance it, they were the dirty things, they were the frustrating, stupid flaws that made people unredeemable. And this isn\u8217\'92t about physical beauty, this was about character, though physical beauty has always proved itself an apt metaphor for inner beauty. Mandri relied upon it. If one sits and stares at another human being for long enough, as a portrait artist must do, the features of the face start to look funny. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter how attractive the person is, how much woodnut ash they\u8217\'92ve drawn into their eyebrows to fix them, how much bug blood they\u8217\'92ve brushed onto their lips to sell the appearance of health, how much they\u8217\'92ve polished away the imperfections in their skin with the crushed up bones of children, when it came down to it, what the sitter was, was a bone-bitten bag of flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ears are ridiculous. What kind of shape is an ear? It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as if when Solraheen was creating people, he took a wad of clay, crumpled it up and then slapped onto the side of the head expecting to come back to it later make it work but just never did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The teeth, the mouth, the gums, these are truly frightening things. Mandri had to paint a young beauty once and she insisted on smiling wide. The longer he looked, the more powerful was the feeling that a ravenous beast was soon to emerge from her throat, and at any moment it would leap out and start yapping for his flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The breath\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not quite part of one\u8217\'92s physical appearance, but oh, the breath! If there was ever a sign of the shit that is a person, it is stench of breath. Cover it up with a swig of pango juice, you can, but that doesn\u8217\'92t last long. Little wonder that in Jeket there\u8217\'92s a whole market square dedicated to tinctures and chews that are supposed to suppress the smell of the curdled things hiding in between the teeth, or pasting the tongue, or tucked into tonsil folds. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But ignore all that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get down to the basics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Study the structure of the face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is not one person alive who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face is perfectly symmetrical. There is always, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , some feature of the face which started growing in the wrong direction as a child and just kept going. Or maybe it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grow fast enough to keep up with the rest of it. Titled noses. Slanted jaws. Most common is the uneven eyes, or uneven brows. Sometimes the whole face circumnavigates around to one side, and so you see more of one cheek than the other. Or perhaps it was smushed that way as it squeezed headfirst out of the womb, and then it stuck like that, leaving the mentioned with a lopsided smile forever. Look long enough at a person and, invariably, Mandri would find something that needed fixing, and while he could fix a face on a canvas, the inner self was always more resistant to his brush. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cringe at the of a young man who spends so much time finding flaws in people, but \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91finding\u8217\'92 is much too strong a word, because it didn\u8217\'92t take any effort. The absurdity, the strangeness, the ignorance, the stubbornness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the humanity of the Ayramun was on full display.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All of them would be easy to hate if Mandri really wanted to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Well, all of them except one: Moteah. But that was only because Mandri hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t spent enough time with her. He was sure that if he got to know her, if he got a whiff of her breath, so to speak, then the illusion of a beautiful woman would crumble as fast as a worm crumbles a dune.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like when Ayram announced the decision to leave and she was rudely left to deal with the indignity of handling Mandri and the Mazyd, what did she do? She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t complain, she got to work. And this wasn\u8217\'92t because she\u8217\'92d been cowed into it, she did it because it needed to be done. Like a mother cleaning up after children, She knew that the effort put in to getting someone like Moto to help would be greater than just doing it herself in the first place. To Mandri that was admirable. It was a sign that she knew what people were, but she soldiered on all the same. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about your people, though? Couldn\u8217\'92t you move elsewhere, to some other river?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Laughs like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d said the most ridiculous thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s telling that you didn\u8217\'92t ask, \u8216\'91Why didn\u8217\'92t you fight back?\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, how could you? This is the Hrks we\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not human.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We give names to dogs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dogs have feelings and empathy. All the Mazydai have is the capacity to know, but they can\u8217\'92t understand. They\u8217\'92ll never understand why we do what we do, or why we feel so strongly about things that they consider best left unremembered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walking}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eh, I\u8217\'92m still going to call him Obo. He\u8217\'92s too cleaver to not have a name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it were clever, we wouldn\u8217\'92t have been able to ambush it like it were a rat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did you manage to ambush him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With ease.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But how? Obo can practically see through rocks. He can smell things from miles away. Remember when we were in that pit cave, and he said there were Hrks coming? He knew before your scout did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mazydai can\u8217\'92t see through rocks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because if he could, he wouldn\u8217\'92t have been ambushed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe. Ehh, maybe I shouldn\u8217\'92t say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo is\u8230\'85Obo is a deceitful person. Like, no doubt he\u8217\'92s listneing in right now, . Every time you see him and he looks like he\u8217\'92s sleeping or unconscious, he\u8217\'92s not, he\u8217\'92s awake.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shook his pack to see if he could get Obo to stir, but Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head just bobbled side to side, before coming to rest in a dead man\u8217\'92s hang.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting woman.\u8221\'94 He was not at all surprised to discover that Obo had been awake the whole time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is. I should be falling hard for a woman like that, but I don\u8217\'92t really feel any way about her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because she put succor of salt in that bread you\u8217\'92re eating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that got to do with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Succor of salt is an anaphrodisiac. It curbs the libido.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It makes you impotent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri spits it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the only food you have. You\u8217\'92re going to need it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I have some of that Hrkan hardtack too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s succor in that, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}