{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb waved a hand over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sightless eyes. The boy was catatonic, limbs limp on the cold stone floor. She leaned over his face to watch his pupils flicker as his mind fell deeper and deeper into the trance of the God Eye burgeon. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What sights did he see?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb had taken God Eye only three times before. She could never recall exactly what had occurred. There was only the sense that her Spark had blossomed and then burst, and she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d woken up feeling like she\u8217\'92d died and risen again. What lingered was the shadow of a memory of a feeling of brushing up against omniscience. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t have a Spark, so what would happen to him?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb folded his arms over his chest so that he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look so much like he was dead. Only, that ended up making him look more like a corpse, arms crossed over like that, so she straightened the arms and sighed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Should she cross his arms, or shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t she?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This arms-crossing business was indicative of a deeper problem. If whatever she does is what she was meant to do, then why worry about it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She worried because she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help herself from worrying. Whatever she did was what she was meant to do, and that included worrying about what she was meant to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What worried her most was that she could do nothing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 never speak, never move, never feel\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and that, too, would be what she was supposed to do. She could kill herself and that would be right, even though it was wrong. It was a damned if she did, damned if she did situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She took a deep breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She thought about licking a slice of burgeon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not the God Eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Something simpler.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One lick. Maybe one drop on the tip of the tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She knew she shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, because Pel would be here soon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But what if she did?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If she did, then that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what was supposed to happen, and Pel couldn\u8217\'92t be mad about that. Pel }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 would}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be mad, but she shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be. If Pel was mad, that was fine, too. Seb knew she couldn\u8217\'92t be mad about Pel getting mad. Unless she did get mad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She sighed again, then sat back down in the blackwood chair and leaned back as far as it allowed, which wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t far at all. She let her eyelids droop and tried to empty her thoughts as she stared into the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She should try and be nothing, like a rock is nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Think about nothing }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No, don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think about nothing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 have no thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Avoid, at all costs, those bubbling expectations. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She began to hum. Humming helped to push the threat of thought into his mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crowded periphery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93HMMMMmmmmmmm\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hMMMmmmmm\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93HMMMMMmmmmm\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stayed that way in front of the fire, humming like a lizard in heat, almost as lost in the sauce of nothingness as Mandri was, and just as she began to nod asleep, an old, distinguished woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice echoed into the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My dear Seb,\u8221\'94 the voice said. \u8220\'93What troubles my troubled Seb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb jerked alert and twisted around in her chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The rock wall behind had parted to reveal a tall, thin woman draped in a black curtain of a robe. A ruffled shawl framed her stern face neatly. Her thin lips spread into a smile. She was Pel, terrifying and beautiful, smart and austere, a witch from which Seb could find her purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well?\u8221\'94 Pel asked. \u8220\'93What has so enthralled the mind of Seb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb jumped out of her chair and cast herself down at Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. Her forehead bumped hard on the rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothin\u8217\'92, my lady. I wasn\u8217\'92t thinkin\u8217\'92 of nothin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mm-hmm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice had a way of benevolence, even when she was suspicious\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 especially when she was suspicious, for she delighted in being deceived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see you\u8217\'92ve found the fool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As I predicted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel glided over to the catatonic Mandri. Recognition flashed in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should have seen this one\u8217\'92s face when I found him. He was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 barely}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  hanging on.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb scuttled around to face her mistress, and as she did, Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gentle hand came to rest upon her shoulder. At Pel\u8217\'92s touch, all the tension in Seb\u8217\'92s body evaporated, and she gasped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s better, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Pel said. Her voice could soothe the hardest Spark. When she turned her attention back to Mandri, Seb grew jealous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Found him in the Hias,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. You have been faithful, my dear Seb. Seb, Seb, Seb.\u8221\'94 Pel sang Seb\u8217\'92s name in a doting swerve, and her fingers alighted upon Seb\u8217\'92s bony back. Seb shivered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My child,\u8221\'94 Pel said as she kneaded with practiced care. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been too long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb melted under Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s touch. The witch\u8217\'92s hands pushed and spread Seb\u8217\'92s thin back like dough over spine and ribs. Pel knuckles built the pressure in waves, a rising tide of tenderness. When Pel\u8217\'92s massage came to a sudden stop, the comfort snapped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful,\u8221\'94 Pel murmured. \u8220\'93Right on time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sneaked a peek at her lady, who was eying Mandri on the floor as if seeing something for the first time. She then reached into her robes and pulled out a brown paper booklet. She flipped to a blank page and, her excitement grew as her eyes flicked between the book\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulpy pages and the body on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, you are perfect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank ya.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a wonder Elrahet still hasn\u8217\'92t seen it. I would almost suspect that she has given up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel knelt down beside Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip. She sat in contemplative silence for a whole finger, staring at his stomach. Then her arms flew into ritual motion, whipping a circle around his torso, scratching the air with splayed fingers, twirling her wrists as if clawing up tufts of wool. She ended by pinching a spot of nothing between her finger and thumb, then dragged it out. Though Seb could not see it, she knew what was there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Pel was pinching a thread of fate. She drew it out long, then with her free hand, she magicked her Black knife and cut it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Once done, she tucked her knife away and said to Seb, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want you to watch this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb had been peeking the whole time, but now she lifted her eyes. There was her lady, kneeling next to Mandri, but looking at her. Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s keen stare could penetrate right through Seb\u8217\'92s Self and perceive the mood of her Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not for you,\u8221\'94 Pel said as she drew from her robe a near-empty vial of shimmering, iridescent fluid\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the last few tears of Schisol. \u8220\'93I know I said you could have this. But this is not for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tears welled in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes at the sight of that precious fluid. The last remnant of her god was in that fluid. All the beauty of the world was in that fluid, such as she had never seen. Her sight would be cured. This blur which hid beauty would be lifted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 accident of birth ensured that she\u8217\'92d never truly see a buoyant sunrise, a vivid sunset, the fullness of a face. Never had the clarity of a landscape washed over her and grounded her being. Everything the poets promise would be hers if she were allowed to sip those tears. Everything and more, for she would be able to see, and never lose sight, of the divine plan. A single drop would do it. A single drop, and the comfort she felt in Pel\u8217\'92s presence would be hers, now and forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm yourself,\u8221\'94 Pel clucked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb wanted to arch her back and curse Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Selfish, are we?\u8221\'94 Pel chided.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb lowered her gaze in shame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel was right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel was always right, though that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make her feel any better. She felt worse. She wanted to smash her skull against the rock, and when she heard the pop of the vial\u8217\'92s cork she almost did it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Burshageet will assuage your sorrow,\u8221\'94 Pel said. She then administered one of Schisol\u8217\'92s gleaming tears to each of Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes. \u8220\'93Until that day comes, you will have to settle for my blessing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel stood up and resumed her graceful airs as she glided over to Seb. She stooped, reached all the way down, and lifted Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chin with her elegant finger. Her  unfathomable beauty shone through the blur of tears and accursed nearsightedness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The truth was in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The truth was in her kiss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The touch of Pel lips upon the forehead filled Seb with amazement, for a warmth was implanted there and it spread through the whole body like a wave, radiating out until every single inch of Seb was enveloped in a loving embrace. What Pel chased out was loneliness. What she undid was the knot in the stomach which Seb never could untie. Only her kiss could do this. And for the briefest moment, an exalted breath, Seb felt truly whole. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She could not contain her wonder, and her dirty cheeks ran wet with tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feel better?\u8221\'94 Pel asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The moment Pel removed her finger from Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chin, the spell was broken, and Seb returned her head to the floor where it belonged. The chill of the stone was startling. Like the come-down from the God Eye burgeon, the same-old Seb flooded in. She would have wept if it weren\u8217\'92t for her lady\u8217\'92s aura of resolve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Satisfied, Pel sat down in the chair and the fabric squeaked tight against its wooden frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, tell me, what has Elrahet said about young Mandrameen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girl, Moteah, she\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not ask of her. Elrahet is the one with eyes. Is she optimistic?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb scraped her head against the rock. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She don\u8217\'92t speak to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of her mood?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I try, and I try, and I try, but she don\u8217\'92t speak to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The silence that followed was frightening, so Seb felt compelled to change the subject. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks made things called Riga which can hunt a Mazid down to anywhere. They\u8217\'92ll catch Elrahet afore she ever makes the bones of Bullr.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have forseen this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The fire crackled, and Pel settled deeper into her chair. She crossed legs and set her sandaled foot bobbing up and down. All the while she stared at Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It would be best,\u8221\'94 she finally said, \u8220\'93If she reaches the Goree much sooner than she expects.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel let loose a deep sigh, and Seb cringed in embarrassment for asking a question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I worry about you, Seb. You are a weed. Each time I pull you out of your body, you grow right back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 Seb whimpered. \u8220\'93I mean\u8230\'85whatchya want me to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel thought for another finger more, watching the flames. Every now and then, she consulted her book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What I want you to do,\u8221\'94 she finally said, \u8220\'93Is convince Elrahet to change her plans. Have her head straight for the Goree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? I mean\u8230\'85Elrahet won\u8217\'92t hear me, not on somethin\u8217\'92 like that. Goin\u8217\'92 straight to the Goree would mean cuttin\u8217\'92 right by a Hrkan post.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You just plant the seed in her barren skull. I will make it blossom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about him?\u8221\'94 Seb asked, glancing at Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He is on the path, now. All you need to do is give him another taste of the God Eye when he asks for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will do what I say, whether you want to, or not. That is that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb winced at her own insolence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Seb,\u8221\'94 Pel cooed, \u8220\'93you are precious. In all my life I\u8217\'92ve never had a servant such as you, so close to the enemy. Even so, I wonder, can I truly call you mine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gentle voice was reassuring to Seb\u8217\'92s ear. Like an attentive mother, she could read every quiver in Seb\u8217\'92s body. There was no point in lying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanna die,\u8221\'94 Seb confessed with a sob. She then balled her anger up in her hand and punched the ground. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sick of these pokes!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, now,\u8221\'94 Pel said with a comforting pat. \u8220\'93You are special, Seb. Need I say it again? You are special.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not!\u8221\'94 Seb wailed as her whole body was wracked by shame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 That}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  is what makes you special!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Pel\u8217\'92s eyes were brimming with cheerful concern. \u8220\'93Your hatred for yourself is a subtle righteousness. You know how this life is a mistake, how our Sparks belong together. That is why you are who you are\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no one else would do. Only }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  could be right}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 here, right}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 now. So give thanks, and be glad. You could have been one of the nameless number doomed to be severed from the All, for all of time.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Nothing Seb could say or do could express the extent to which she appreciated these words, so she stayed low and prostrated herself further, then whispered a prayer to Schisol, then one to the Burshageet, prayers of hope and wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel was contented to hear them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 Pel said. \u8220\'93I have a storm to summon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stood up and walked over to the cavern slit and whistled. Her whistle awoke something in the darkness there, something which Seb could not see but could hear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an ominous thumping echo marching near. Then came a humbling growl, then a belly-rumbling snort, and then the scratching swish of a scales sweeping rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A giant lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snout pierced the veil of darkness near Pel\u8217\'92s thigh. As red as red can be. It swayed from side to side, forked-tongue licking the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come in,\u8221\'94 Pel said with a wondrous lilt, as if she were coaxing a frightened child. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bloody red head swung into the room. Its wide skull was long as an arm, and its slitted orange eyes were sunk behind an angry, ridged brow. Whatever teeth it had were hidden under jowls, but Seb knew what they looked like, for this was a man-eater, a full-grown keenkedra, and everybody knew what keenki teeth looked like\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 short, stubby, pointed domes that were barely there because anything longer would make it harder for the beast to swallow a wriggling man whole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aside from its dietary habits, keenkis were known for their size, their rich red color, and their characteristic short-armed shuffle. The crook of this particular lizard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back came up to Pel\u8217\'92s waist\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if it were any bigger it would not have been able to squeeze into the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel gave it a friendly brush with the back of her knuckles, and the creature nuzzled up against her leg. It raised its stiff neck for a good old scratch, which Pel was happy to provide. The room vibrated with the beasts humming growl of contentment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb thought she saw a smile. Then, suddenly, the beast was looking at her, bearing an expression akin to alarm, as if the creature had only now noticed her existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move the boy out of the way,\u8221\'94 Pel said. Seb did as her lady commanded, careful to make no sudden movements as she dragged Mandri off to the side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pel led the beast further into the room and lay it down, belly facing the fire. Its long whip tail swished excitement against the floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Seb marveled at Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s control. Elrahet could only dream of conjuring up such a beast for sacrifice, and even then, she\u8217\'92d have trouble with flailing limbs. Pel\u8217\'92s lizard didn\u8217\'92t flinch an inch when she drew her knife and stabbed its gut. It made no peep as she thrust her arm into its stomach and felt around for its burning Spark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The storm this sacrifice would conjure would be immense.}}