{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gave it a moment, and sure enough, an icy calm needled its way into his leg.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a holy site, it was called Minting Rock, and from the name Mandri could guess its true purpose: it was a place for these bandit Ayramun to mint counterfeit coins away from the prying eyes of the Hrkan royalty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, the Ayramun didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mint the coins right out in the open.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you were there, you would have\u8230\'85you know what? It doesn\u8217\'92t matter. That\u8217\'92s not what I want to talk about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What then should we talk about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to talk about how are we\u8217\'92re going to get back at these idiots.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo look of confusion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you planning to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not planning anything. But you are, and I want in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I don\u8217\'92t follow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe you\u8217\'92re not screaming in agony right now. Or passed out. I feel like passing out just looking at you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s one of the perks of being me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pain is optional.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unfair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85 I suspect that if I felt pain as you do, people would be less cruel to me. Maybe I would still have my legs.\u8221\'94 He wiggled his bloody stumps. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well, I think I\u8217\'92d rather be you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see what you\u8217\'92re doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What am I doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You may be able to fool these outland pokes, but you can\u8217\'92t fool me. I can see you scheming.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We Mazydai are not capable of anger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He threw me into a lizard pit. That\u8217\'92s how I got bit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did he do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why does a donkey do anything? Might as well ask the stars.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a need, here, to let Moto know what was going on. A need for language. Mandri availed himself of all the usual figures of speech.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Goddamnit it hurts!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You fucking shit!\u8221\'94,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop! For Sol\u8217\'92s sake, stop! It\u8217\'92s killing me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 None of these did the trick. Moto kept trotting along, unconcerned, eyes firmly set towards some }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since Common lacked the word to adequately describe the nature of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pain, he was forced to make one up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93EeeauuughhhGoddamnOhhhshityousonofahurlingsow!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It really rolls off the tongue, so long as one screams it. It was enough to get Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you understand that I have to hit you now, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll do what you want. But there\u8217\'92d be no point. We Seilsi do not feel pain if we don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So if I were to break your ribs, you wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to feel it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d feel it. Though it wouldn\u8217\'92t be painful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well now I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 have}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to punch you.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Bullo, eager to test it out. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo punches him the side. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Little effect.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Seilsi don\u8217\'92t lie,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on. I didn\u8217\'92t hear a crack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo punches again. Clear, loud crack.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Instead of doubling over in pain. Sharp exhale, seemed to knock the wind out of him, but little else.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo is like, wtf.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m curious to see what you\u8217\'92ll do next, Seargent,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said. \u8220\'93Seems the long years of thinking with your fists has cowed you. All you need to do is promise me some small pleasure in exchange for cooperation. Incentivize good behavior. Did the comissars not teach you this when you came up the ranks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Pleasure? I\u8217\'92m not}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 giving}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 you anything.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is there anything you want me to give you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I want you to shut up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sargent -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t fucking call me sargent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sargent Bullo, bigger things than your peace of mind are stake. I know all the strategies, logistics, and capabilities of the Imperial machine. Don\u8217\'92t you want that information from me? Doesn\u8217\'92t Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll tell me how you plan to find the Jandri?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing is off the table.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93So what, I give you freedom, and you tell Ayram everything he wants to know? Actually that brings something to mind - why aren\u8217\'92t you having this conversation with Ayram? I\u8217\'92m just a foot soldier. I can\u8217\'92t give you anything even if you wanted it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The reason I\u8217\'92m having this conversation with you, not Ayram, is because there }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  something you can give me.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And what is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your protection.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Protection from anything or anyone that tries to kill me out here. For now, that means protection from the rest of the Ayramun. I know you\u8217\'92re not a barbarian, but the lot of them are. In fact I\u8217\'92ve heard how they plan to murder me before we reach Jughgar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who threatened you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well, they didn\u8217\'92t know I was listening. I am not human. I can hear better than -\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Mandri interjected. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure they were just\u8230\'85 expressing themselves. Ayram has said what he wants to do with you. He won\u8217\'92t allow them to kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think they intend to get your leaders permission,\u8221\'94 Mazyd said. \u8220\'93In fact, one of them said, 'I hate the bastard more than I fear Ayram\u8217\'92. That sentiment seemed to steel their nerves together. By all appearances, they intend to go through with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They said the feared Ayram?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t believe you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Mazyd description. Huge and grand in the eyes despite the pitiful body. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sargent, you know that one of the many reasons why we Seilsi do not lie is because it helps us treat with our enemies. We can get somewhere in negotiations if they }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re telling the truth. I\u8217\'92m not saying you have to trust me. I won\u8217\'92t insult your intelligence. But you can trust what we}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  say }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 as sure as you can trust the sand in the Hollow to blow east.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo tenses up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well if an Ayramun is plotting against Ayram, then that\u8217\'92s something I would want to know. It\u8217\'92s not Mandri here, is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do we have an agreement?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If an Ayramun wants to kill you, there\u8217\'92s not much I\u8217\'92m going to be able to do about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If these were men were like you, Sargent, men of resolve, then I would agree. But these are men of opportunity. Simple countermeasures should suffice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We Ayramun lack many things, but one thing we\u8217\'92ve got buckets of is conviction. Really, that\u8217\'92s }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not so sure about that. Irregardless, you are my best option for protecting myself. I can\u8217\'92t exactly ask them for forgiveness for whatever they think I\u8217\'92ve done to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What they }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 think}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve done to them? You don\u8217\'92t have any idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You feel no guilt?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Virtue without terror is impotent, Sargent. Do you not agree?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Expected equivication, shifting of blame. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you think I\u8217\'92m out here? Sick dicks like you running things in the empire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t expect you to like me, Sargent. I do expect you\u8217\'92ll fill your end of the bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll talk to Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Keep our agreement between us. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I keep nothing from Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I would feel better about our relationship if you didn\u8217\'92t - and that\u8217\'92s ultimately your goal here, no? The game within the game. It\u8217\'92s not about getting what you want from me, it\u8217\'92s about developing a working relationship, because only then you\u8217\'92ll get what you want from me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What about Pyetle?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I trust Pyetle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Bullo gives odd look, but then, like whatever.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Well Pyetle, go run off and help someone do something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t need to go and do anything. Mandri led Pyetle up to the front of the column, where Ayram walked. Ayram carring Pella on his back like swaddling babe.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle followed along behind. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Sun setting. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Far away, the minting rock.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess that\u8217\'92s good advice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s not all the advice I\u8217\'92ve to give.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s hear it then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay away from Purl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The girl. The one missing her hand. My Minder. Her name is Purl. Stay away from her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t have any intention of going near her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re best friends Mandri, you can\u8217\'92t lie to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is like wut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about? I have no interest in her at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Obo let the name hang in the air. Mandri confused as to why Obo thinks there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s something there. Then Obo hit him with a knowing smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri protested. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t put one thought towards that girl.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you say so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do say so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then it\u8217\'92s no matter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course it isn\u8217\'92t. And if it was, I wouldn\u8217\'92t take advice from you on something like that. What kind of human would I be, taking advice from a sparkless Mazydai about women. You don\u8217\'92t feel pain, you don\u8217\'92t feel anger, I bet you don\u8217\'92t feel passion either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not if I don\u8217\'92t want to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah. Not if you don\u8217\'92t want to. And that\u8217\'92s exactly my point.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, there\u8217\'92s a very good reason why I\u8217\'92m urging you to stay away from Purl. You see, Purl has got\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram amble over to the disappearing pile of discarded things, grabbed the large iron pot by its rim, and lifted it up with ease. Then he brought it over, set it down next to Mandri, picked Mandri up by the scruff of his robe, and then dropped him into the pot. The pot was so spacious that there was room enough in it for another whole Mandrameen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, with nary a grunt of effort, Ayram carried that Mandri-stuffed pot all the way over to Minting Rock. When they came to entrance to cave, which turned out to be a narrow slit in the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s base, Ayram set the pot down and then kicked it, spilling Mandrameen into the dirt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to say. Obo had suggested he tell the simple truth, but Mandri found himself cowering there in dirt before Ayram, and anything a cowering man says might be misconstrued as )____. He didn\u8217\'92t have to say anything, and so he didn\u8217\'92t}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}