{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Creationists like to make a game of reinterpreting every gain of function caused by mutation as a loss of function. Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s review a few examples:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lactase Persistence (LCT gene)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gain Framing: Mutations in regulatory regions upstream of the LCT gene }{enable the digestion of lactose (milk sugar) into adulthood. This genetic change provides a metabolic advantage in populations with dairy consumption.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Loss Framing: These mutations result in a loss of the regulatory shutoff mechanism that normally silences LCT after weaning \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a loss of developmental repression. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Citrate Metabolism in E. Coli}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gain Framing:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A gene duplication and rearrangement involving the citrate transporter gene (citT), grants E. coli the new ability to transport and metabolize citrate under aerobic conditions, providing access to a new nutrient source and a significant growth advantage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Loss Framing:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This mutation represents a loss of the regulatory mechanism that normally prevents citrate uptake in the presence of oxygen. The genes for citrate transport and citrate metabolism are typically regulated to be active only anaerobically (when oxygen is absent), as this prevents wasteful expression of proteins not needed in oxygen-rich environments, saving cellular resources.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Antifreeze Glycoproteins (AFGPs) in Antarctic fish}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gain Framing:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A Trypsinogen gene was duplicated, one copy mutated, thus allowing the production of a repetitive glycoprotein that could }{bind to ice crystals and inhibit their growth, thus allowing the fish to survive in subzero waters. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Loss framing: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The active Trypsinogen gen was disrupted, thus resulting in }{a loss in}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  protease activity.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Human brain expansion (ARHGAP11B)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gain Framing: A single nucleotide substitution in the human ARHGAP11A gene results in a truncated protein that increases basal progenitor proliferation, increasing neuron production.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Loss Framing: The mutation causes a loss of the RhoGAP activity found in full-length ARHGAP11A, resulting in reduced inactivation of RhoA signaling. This unchecked signaling can drive dangerous overproliferation and abnormal cytoskeletal remodeling in neural progenitors, potentially leading to disorganized brain development or pathological growth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It certainly appears that one could, with the right mindset, reinterpret every \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91descent with modification\u8217\'92 event as a \u8216\'91descent by destructive mutation\u8217\'92 event. This is obviously a purely semantic argument, because if evolution is going to \u8216\'91turn a crocodile into a duck\u8217\'92, as per the creationist\u8217\'92s request, it is going to have to, by necessity, destroy many of the things that make a crocodile a crocodile, and repurpose them into a things that make a duck, a duck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But what about mutations in non-coding (functionless) regions of the DNA? If a de novo gene mutation leads to some new functionality, it would certainly be difficult to reframe this mutation as a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91loss of function\u8217\'92.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I could list out many examples ( [}{BSC4](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18493065"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/18493065}}{/) in budding yeast, [~12%](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC2527705/?utm_source=chatgpt.com"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC2527705/?utm_source=chatgpt.com}}{) of all new genes in fruit flies arise de novo, and also, interestingly, [some AFGPs](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11403476"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11403476}}{/) may have roots in de novo genes, etc.).  But it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not really worth taking the time to detail these because creationists will frame the \u8216\'91loss\u8217\'92 the same way for all of them. They\u8217\'92ll say, \u8220\'93just because we don\u8217\'92t know what function that non-coding region has, that doesn\u8217\'92t mean it doesn\u8217\'92t have a function\u8221\'94. Some even go so far as to express the certainty that we will soon discover the function of these regions. Some believe we already have discovered it. They claim that non-coding regions play regulatory or architectural roles; this is, [to some extent](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/r/biology/comments/xwcnjp/what_exactly_is_the_function_of_noncoding_dna"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.reddit.com/r/biology/comments/xwcnjp/what_exactly_is_the_function_of_noncoding_dna}}{/), true.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {This gets to the heart of what \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91functional\u8217\'92 means, and how we go about quantifying it. The most effective definition (imo) of whether or not a sequence of DNA is functional is if the phenotype is affected when the sequence is mutated. The logic simple\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if you have a sequence, say ACGT, and you mutate it to read GTCA, and this mutation has no effect at all on the organism\u8217\'92s phenotype, then those nucleotides carry no functional information. There is some nuance to this, for example, some genetic elements may only reveal their roles under specific conditions, but this is about the best we can hope to do when it comes to quantifying functionality. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {I know there are those who are fans of using evolutionary conservation as a measure of functionality, but check this out: [Genomic and Genetic Insights into Mendel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Pea Genes](}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-025-08891-6"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-025-08891-6}}{). This monster of a paper (more of a summary of the book-length supplement), details how a g}{\f0\fs24\b0 enome-wide association study (GWAS) mapped out the relationship between the pea plant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s phenotypes and genes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Gain framing: }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line The Godzilla gene in Drosophila melanogaster }{is a well-studied example of a gene that originated de novo. This gene has acquired essential functions in the fruit fly, particularly in developmental signaling and intracellular trafficking. Godzilla (also known as CG9122 or RNF146) has no detectable homologs in other insects or non-insect lineages when standard sequence similarity tools (like BLAST) are used.}
\par\plain {This absence suggests that the gene does not descend from an older, conserved gene found in ancestral lineages \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a hallmark of de novo genes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91more functional\u8217\'92 is entirely dependent upon context, the term \u8216\'91function\u8217\'92 has no real definition in evolutionary theory. We use, instead, the term \u8216\'91fitness\u8217\'92. The answer to the question, \u8220\'93does this mutation generate new or better function?\u8221\'94 is entirely dependent upon the context in which the mutation takes place. However, the question, \u8220\'93does this mutation bring about an increase in fitness\u8221\'94 is not. Unequivocally, the answer is yes. There is no \u8216\'91loss of fitness\u8217\'92 framing for any mutation which results in a gain of fitness. In short, number goes up, or it goes down. It cannot do both.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, can }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }{A single nucleotide substitution in the human ARHGAP11B gene creates a novel splice site, leading to the exclusion of 55 nucleotides from the transcript. resulting in a truncated protein. This truncated version of ARHGAP11B promotes the proliferation of basal progenitor cells in the developing neocortex, leading to a substantial increase in neuron production. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every LoF can be interpreted as a GoF.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Every GoF can be interpreted as an LoF.  Yes, with one exception: functional de novo genes arising out of junk DNA. Creationist, believing there is no such thing as junk DNA may cry foul, but unfortunately this view is not supported by the evidence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 May say, gain-of-greater-function, but this gets the heart of the issue; function is not a quantifiable thing in the core of the theory. In evoltion, there are three basic types of mutations; deleterious, neutral, and beneficial.}}