{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No one moved save for Ayram, who unshouldered his great pack and tossed it to the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Though the scribe was far away, all could see that in his hand was a sword, for he held it high, and the silver blade and golden guard caught the glare of the pre-noon sun. He barked some indiscernible word, and then, with a sweeping flourish, threw his sword onto the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto saw the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sign and gaped in disbelief. \u8220\'93He wants to bargain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrkan horn sounded out again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEoooooooooooooooooooooo}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From around the Pass\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s northern shelf came a column of white robed soldiers. At their head was a small child robed in black\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Mazidariga. They spread out into a line just behind the scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl asked everyone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do we do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo perked up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That Riga out there could have whistled out my will-less Spark by now, but it hasn\u8217\'92t. Those soldiers could be charging towards this tower, but they aren\u8217\'92t. There\u8217\'92s not much to read into this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these people actually mean to bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The same reason anyone bargains\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they think they have something to lose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe they think the Greskalun are here and on our side.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your guess is as good as mine,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay here, and stay hidden,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to see what they want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He began to march through the tunnel and out of the gate, spear gripped tightly in hand. The Hrkan scribe, upon seeing Ayram marching out into the Sand, set his horse to trotting towards the tower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram paused a few yards outside the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gate, forcing the scribe to cross the greater distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the horse and rider finally neared the giant, Ayram laid down his spear. And though the scribe was high in his a saddle, they met almost eye to eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you Greskal?\u8221\'94 The rider asked, impressed at Ayram\u8217\'92s size.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The answer took the scribe by surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you the master of this tower?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram glanced behind him and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This tower has no master. As you can see, it is empty, save for me and mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse was becoming fidgety. No doubt it had caught wind of the terror that lay in the courtyard. The scribe mistook it for fright at Ayram\u8217\'92s height.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The stern man said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We know that the Mazidobo resides in this tower.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So it does,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then bring it forth. I wish to speak with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can speak with me,\u8221\'94 said Ayram gruffly. \u8220\'93I will pass your message along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not the time for games,\u8221\'94 he warned. \u8220\'93We found the body of the Mazidariga of Shuls out in the desert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, has the Mazidobo lost its flame? We saw no scorch marks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are welcome to test that interpretation, should you wish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe sneered and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We know the Mazidobo has acquired some means of reversing the Mazidariga\u8217\'92s charm. We know that it escaped the leash of his Minder. We wish to come to terms with it, so as to avoid any further loss of life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse was growing more perturbed by the moment. Its eyes were wide and its nostrils flared and it kept trying to resettle its rider, as if preparing to bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell the Mazidobo, that as we speak, a battalion of Hrkan Skulsi marches into the eastern mouth of the Goree Pass. At their head is the Mazidurn. Behind me, as you can see, is a column of swords, and coming up from the south, from the Solgi, is the Mazidban, who shall be with us shortly. As such, you are all surrounded, and should it come to it, you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be overwhelmed. There is no way out excepting the event in which you and yours peaceably disarm yourselves, and the Mazidobo offers itself up into my charge. In exchange, all lives will all be spared, and the Mazidobo shall be allowed to retire from service after submitting to examination. We do not need violence here, nor do we want it. More than anything, we want the Mazidobo alive, for we wish to learn from its malfunction.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t much like those terms,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe frowned and his horse bucked slightly, sharing its rider\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not a matter for you to decide,\u8221\'94 the scribe said. \u8220\'93Bring my terms to the Mazidobo, or bring the Mazidobo and I\u8217\'92ll tell it myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram stroked his beard. He looked up at the sky, arced his shoulders, and he drew in a breath that could fill an ox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach, enough air to think for a good long while. In the intervening silence, the scribe\u8217\'92s horse began to clip-clop its agitation, bouncing the scribe uncomfortably in his saddle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Settled down you crooked beast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gave his horse a foul kick in the ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram finally said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid and its Minder will only treat with their own kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazidobo\u8217\'92s Minder is dead. His body was found two weeks ago in the Junei hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid has a new Minder. An old witch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow jumped in surprise, and that quickly turned into elation. He mused, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s good. An unleashed Mazid would be no good for any of us. But if it will only speak to a Mazid, then we will have to wait, for the Mazidban will not be here for at least another hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazidobo will treat with the Mazidariga.\u8221\'94 He nodded towards the Hrkan line behind the scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe bit his lip in frustration. He looked up, took in the tower, then spied the long distance behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93But I won\u8217\'92t do this business in the shadow of this accursed place. We\u8217\'92ll meet where the tower\u8217\'92s shadow meets the light of Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With the sun approaching its noontime zenith, the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow extended out into the desert a mere forty yards or so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before the scribe and his horse ran off, he said,  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no sense in playing me, poke. There\u8217\'92s nowhere to run if you resort to trickery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram picked up his spear. The scribe sneered, then barked at his horse and yanked on the reins as he jabbed its flanks with his heels. Off they went galloping, back towards the Hrkan line.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram spun around, and nested inside his beard was the biggest of all possible smiles, considering the size of his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen shines on us!\u8221\'94 he declared as he stepped back into the tower\u8217\'92s tunnel. Moto was the first to greet him by saying, \u8220\'93This will be easier than I ever dreamed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram nodded and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That scribe won\u8217\'92t know what hit him. Can you believe it!? Hrks think they\u8217\'92re gods when they\u8217\'92re stuck up on a horse. Who says the Goree is cursed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He marched over to his giant pack, untied the bindings that kept it shut, then lifted it up and dumped its contents on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Split this up between you,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93And make sure that everyone is ready to run.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Run where?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once I strike that scribe down, we need to run. I\u8217\'92m not going to stop to help any of you get yourselves together, so if you\u8217\'92re not ready, if you fall behind, you\u8217\'92re forgotten.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram then stepped over to Mandri. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Turn around,\u8221\'94 and Mandri turned, and then Ayram pulled Obo out of the litter by his skull again, as if handling a melon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo dangled in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip, looking like a pale worm. He said to Ayram, \u8220\'93You know, I could ruin this for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood soured at the suggestion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to ruin it,\u8221\'94 Obo said. \u8220\'93I just wanted you all to know that I could have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grunted and tossed Obo onto his emptied pack. Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pale, bald head and bony arm were almost glowing in the tunnel dark, but most of all, his saucer eyes were bright and shining. They scanned the world for something, probably they were looking for something he could use to rescue himself. Mandri knew no rescue was coming and that, for Obo, this might be the end. Then those eyes settled on Mandri, and Mandri felt his stomach knot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was nothing he could do for Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and yet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85and yet\u8230\'85odd that he should feel this way for so strange a face. Some mothers love children with faces much worse off than Obo\u8217\'92s, not that Mandri was feeling something so pure. It was just the sense of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 pity}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Obo was going to be snuffed out for no other reason than he was what he was, and what a shame. Born almost yesterday, enslaved and tortured all his short life, quartered by desert bandits, and he was still holding out hope, still looking at Mandri like Mandri was important. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had to look away. But he could not quell the budding sense that something was being uncovered here, and that was horrible, because as any self-watcher knows, finding things out about oneself is the worst kind of finding. And Obo was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right there}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , and this was a permanent goodbye, Mandri knew it. Then that pang of pity came back fierce and welled up in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could not speak for fear of sobbing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He swallowed it down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He glanced at Obo and the sob of pity rose again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then a small miracle occurred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb, in an attempt to reorganize her pack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interior to make room for a bundle-up lizard skin she\u8217\'92d found, pulled out a woolen blanket, and in so doing, she unwittingly pulled out her pouch of burgeons as well. The pouch hit the ground and out popped three beautiful God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons. Two of them spiraled harmlessly in little circles, but one burgeon hit the ground rolling as if flicked towards Mandri\u8217\'92s toes by Solraheen Himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri covered it up with his foot. When Seb finally noticed that her burgeons had spilled, she snatched them up, quick as a fox, none the wiser that she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d missed one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The feeling of that burgeon under Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heel was brighter than any morning. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t even hear Obo\u8217\'92s final parting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never let it be said that I didn\u8217\'92t do anything for you people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto yanked the L-frame litter right off Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back, because Moto had made a makeshift bag out of a blanket, and he\u8217\'92d filled that bag with the stuff that had tumbled out of Ayram\u8217\'92s pack\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 liquid skins, knotted ropes and strings, and odd-shaped dried mutton lumps wrapped in linen cloth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Where had any of that meat been during the long journey through the Tib?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No matter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye under his foot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But even this thought was not enough to last, for when Moto handed the litter back to Mandri, it was twice the weight that Obo ever was.}}