{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ###1 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Avoid roller coaster of emotions above all things - this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So if you ever feel this way, tell me. If I feel this way I am going to tell you. Probably this is directed my fault, but maybe im saying that because im always trying to ascribe fault to me. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not that they don\u8217\'92t want love, its that love reminds them of dependency, vulnerability, and the helplessness they felt long ago.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So when you try to love them deeply, they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see it as affection, they saw it as a threat. The more you try to hold them, the more they needed to pull away.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They move on to someone who is easier. Someone who doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ask deep questions, someone who doesnt\u8217\'92 challenge their walls. This new person might seem perfect on the surface, calm, detached, maybe even emotionally unavailable themselves. But that\u8217\'92s the key. Avoidants end up with people who don\u8217\'92t require much. They often choose partners who mirror their own avoidance, emotionally cold, or secretly anxious but too afraid to show it. It\u8217\'92s not love that draws them in, its safety through distance. This is why so many avoidants end up in relationships that look stable from the outside, but are emotionally dead on the inside. There\u8217\'92s no chaos, no deep connection, no growth. Just routine.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The avoidant feel safe because they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not being asked to show their heart. They can exist not exposed. But over time that same safety turnes into emptiness. Because deep down they crave what they fear most, real intimacy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Exhausting cycle of craving closeness, but fearing it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some avoidants end up with anxious partners. The kind who chase, please, and overgive. It feels like a match made in dysfunction. The anxious partner feeds the avoidants need for distance, the avoidant feeds the anxious\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 needs for validation. It\u8217\'92s an emotional dance where both receive just enough to stay hooked, but never enough to feel whole.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The anxious partner thinks, if I just love them harder, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll open up. The avoidant thinks, if I can keep them chasing, ill never have to face my fear of intimacy. And so they both mistake tension for connection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Emotional distance is not power. It is protection. Protection that is permanent, is a prison. When they realize this, they no longer chase easy relationships.  They start to crave authenticity. They want to feel safe and seen. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when they can finally love deeply. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They fall in love with someone who doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t chase them. Because love isn\u8217\'92t about begging for crumbs. It\u8217\'92s about creating emotional safety that allows both people to unfold, not hide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line Calm, grounded, patient but not self-sacrificing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A quiet companionship with someone who doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t trigger their fears, but doesn\u8217\'92t awaken their heart.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not seeking a soulmate, they\u8217\'92re seeking a relief from the intensity of their own emotions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fear losing control of themselves in love. So they build relationships where they never have to risk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Love without vulnerability. Affection without depth. Commitment without surrender.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Avoidant prioritizes self protection over relationship connection}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But you have to have a healthy balance of both.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When presented with an opportunity to expose themselves emotionally, they retract.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Attracts savior men - you can feel that she is stuck in the tower, that she wants something that she is not getting. She wants intimacy, desire, to be loved, to be known and understood. She craves those things. Creates this deep spark, this yearning, of, I will save her from herself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When that happens, men get stuck in the dance with her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Also attracts guys who fill up more than their share of emotional space. They fill the void with their own emotions. So he overtalks, overcommunicates, becomes more anxious than he normally would be in other relationships. Starts to chase her and pursue her, and all that does is it reinforces the avoidant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s behavior of, I need to protect myself from you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So you need to step away. She needs to save herself by choosing a relationship and connection over self protection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The healing happens in a relationship. We are hurt in a relationship, it takes a relationship to heal it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Most avoidant women dont believe that anyone wants to learn about their inner experience. Other people just generally don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care about who I am, and so ill never be understood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) Ladies, communicate your needs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -all the things that the other person is going to reject you for, or punish you for, those are things which need to be shared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -start small, I would like to go on a date night}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -work up to big needs}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If I ask, how was yoru day, and they say \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91fine\u8217\'92 they need to choose emotional connection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A letter about what the avoidant seeks in a relationship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I need ask to what extent she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s healed from avoidance, and to what extent she needs me to help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was never a, what I need from you, moment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lean into conflict, and not away}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Conditioned to believe that conflict is dangerous useless, unproductive, etc. But there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no change without confrontation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Did not learn how to do conflict effectively \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  she mentioned this.  This could be a first.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) do not wait more than 24 hours before reconnection. Healthy conflict is one that is not left to linger. Lean into the repair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) for me, create more space for her emotions. Take up more space of emotional expression, and talk about their internal experience a lot more. Create more specific opportunities for her to share her internal reality, her experience.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) move from questions to statements. Instead of asking, do you want to tell me about your day, say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93tell me about your day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Be firm in saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to hear about it\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Give thanks instead of criticism. Never say, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93your not opening up\u8221\'94, its, \u8220\'93thanks for opening up here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thank her and give gratitude for the breadcumbs. Her internal reality is welcome in your relationship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Clearly communicate your expectations, gives her an opportunity to do the same.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Asking to have more regular texting or dates}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With avoidants its classic that they show up in your life whenever its convenient for their schedule, and its few and far in between.  Anytime you ask for closes it can trigger response taht I am about to describe}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The second thing is when some sort of disconnection has happened with conflict or arguments, and the two of you have had time to reconnect, and youre hoping for some kind of mutual accountability for the disconnection in the first place. Both of these can cause what I call the flip: The flip is when an avoidant acts like you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re crazy for wanting normal connection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re crazy, your abnormal, but no, you\u8217\'92re just wanting a healthy normal connection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Avoidants stay in this position because it is a power position. They have a lot of control, and a lot of security in this place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Avoidants have one thing they rely on to feel safe: emotional availability without commitment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I see you, I accept you, I choose myself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Avoidant expects either compliance or chaos, never quiet self respect. They either expect you to stay and suffer silently, or leave loudly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Courage is not the absence of fear, but the judgement that something else is more important.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Motivate yourself by what you want in life; positive goals}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Start by noticing when you are catastrophising:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Challenge those thoughts}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SO eager to get out of this moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line Why?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 WHat if this is the best feeling any human being has ever had, and I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m here feeling it, but then drop it because I\u8217\'92m worried about income.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Keep reading wives loving their husbands to death, but worried about their mental health. Like, what!? Never wanted to be that guy where there is a girl right there and looks past it. Not going to be that guy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A lot of late nights realizing patterns of thought, and fears. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CODEPENDENCY:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2 roles - might occupy one, or both at different points, depends on the other individual that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re dating.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The  giver - the person who is trying to find belonging and security, worth, value, confidence, connection, intimacy, by disregarding their own wants and needs, and over prioritizing the other person.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The taker - the person who is on the receiving end of that. Receiving needs being overly prioritizing, abundance of praise or affection, having things done for them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The hallmark of a codependent relationship is that you are upset with the other person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s role. If you are the giver, and you are constantly deprioritizing your own needs your own wants, you villainize them for always being selfish or bad. The main piece to getting out of this is to realize that the giver and taker are amoral, neither good nor bad. That moralizing is a part of what keeps couples in codependent dances, because generally what happens is that the taker will take on an entitled attidude; \u8220\'93you should be doing this for me, you should be saying yes to me, you should be taking care of this for me, how come you\u8217\'92re not meeting my expectations.\u8221\'94 And the giver will take on this sort of victim mentality of \u8216\'91how come I have to take care of everything for you, why wont you take care of my, why wont you prioritize my needs\u8217\'92, and so the giver takes on a sacrificial lamb martyr attitude, and sees the taker as the oppressor. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What causes codependency?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Byproduct of childhood}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Men who with emotional absent parents tend to chase emotionally absent women. Can have a sexual charge to it. Trying to prove, inadvertently, to the woman that we are pursuing, that we are worthy of their attention. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I can get you, I can disprove the pain I\u8217\'92ve been carrying around since childhood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Emotional abuse as a child - you will have developed an overprioritization of trying to stay very close to other people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s needs and wants and a hypervigilance of catering to other people as a protective strategy. As a child became obsessed with thinking about what is going to keep me safe and out of trouble, and out of harms way. Will try to comform behavior, identity, and choices to what they think is going to keep them out of abuse, out of harms way. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  produces behaviors in you that are hypervigiliant into what does she need, what is she thinking, what is she expecting, how can I cater to her needs, how can I be sure that she is okay, above and beyond me, so that I am safe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This is the skeleton in the closet that is fueling codependency in the relationship. If you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never dealt with that trauma, it is very unlikely that you will shift out of that codependent behavior, until you address the abuse/trauma. They are unequivocally interconnected.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  If you were abused, a couple things happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) very common for it to get personalized; will likely have felt or thought that the abuse was happening because there was something inherently wrong with you. Become a man who feels like all of the problems taht unfold in the relationship are your fault. This puts you in the role of constantly being in the wrong. May even cause you to actively self sabatoge, to be the person who is in the wrong, person who is constantly wrecking the intimacy, damaging communication, or creating disconnection. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m always the one that is creating problems in the relationship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) Emotionally unavailable parent; some people say this is trauma; when you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve had an emotionally unavailable parent; }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Almost always, these men took it to mean there was something fundamentally flawed within them. What bubbles up internally is: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They must not be giving me attention because there\u8217\'92s something wrong with me\u8221\'94 So, these men chase their partners. Chasing, pursuing women who are unavailable, hot and cold, leave them on read.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 /neglect, avoidance, abandonment}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Overindex the parents needs, constantly trying to figure out how to get affection. Becomes an adult and trying to problem solve. Constantly peppering her with those types of questions, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93what does she need, what is she feeling, are you okay?\u8221\'94 Constantly asking her that two or three times a day.\line Those are the boy in you constantly trying to figure out why wont this parent give me some attention.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \line 4) caretaker as a child for caregiver; can become caretaker as an adult, or they go down the path of opposition, where there person they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re dating starts to have larger needs, or struggling emotionally, or insecurities, they bring those problems to the partner, he may meet that with a kind of disgust and revolt\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I am not dealing with your shit, I am not taking care of you. So as an adult, when the person brings the other their challenges, I dont\u8217\'92 know what to do with this, im struggling with x, it can cause a lot of reactivity because it feels like a threat, like he\u8217\'92s going to be put back into that position of being that person\u8217\'92s parent or caretaker. That can cause a lot of men to push relationships away. If you are in that position, it\u8217\'92s likely that you are the taker.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Unable to say no to her, unable to stop chasing, unable to really emotionally connect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Signs of codependency}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Low self esteem, over people pleasing, poor boundaries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Reactivity. Overreactivity; very high tendency of both the taker and the giver to overpersonalize things. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Denial; denying that there are problems in the relationship, that the partner isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t treating you well. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Investing a lot of a lot of time and energy into a relationship and sacrificing your own needs wants and relationships. Investing a lot of time and energy into caring for your partner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dysfunction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Making excuses for other person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bad behaviors.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Not allowing your partner to take responsibilities for their own lives. They bring you a problem, and you immediately try to take over solving that problem for them. You get frustrated when they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want your help. That can cause tension. Not allowing partner to maintain independence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If you are the giver, your partner doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like if you make plans with friends, or go camping, or watch the sports game. All of a sudden they\u8217\'92re making a big deal about how you don\u8217\'92t prioritise them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There are levels to this. You might not be stage 5 code red codependency, but there may be some in it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ask youreelf.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) do I feel obligated or compelled to help my partner above myself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) do I tend to over prioritize my partners needs and wants}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) do I let my partner overprioritize my needs and wants above my own.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 4.) do I on a regular basis feel ashamed of who I am?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 5.) Do I consistently or regularly try to control the outcomes of other people when I feel helpless or guilty?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 6.) do I have a hard time asking for help?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 7.) do I often avoid talking about my problems in an open and honest way.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Co dependenet- one person is a giver, one is a taker.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fixing:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) do not villanize codependent behaviors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - its like a chinese finger trap, wanting desperately to get out tightens the trap. Shaming your behaviors enforces the codependency. Instead, contextualize behavior. They are an adaptive survival strategy. So ask yourself, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93how did this adaptive survival strategy help me feel safe, connected, and valued, and attention.\u8221\'94 A big piece of shifting out of codependency is seeing how needy behaviors were there to help you stay safe in an unwelcome environment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) Little acts of selfishness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - things you know you need to do in order to feel safe, independent, sovereign, and confident.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - write down a list of acts of selfishness on a daily or weekly basis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \tab - daily workout, meditation, hanging out with friends, signing up for a hobby, learning about finances.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - more robust qulity of independence}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - a secure, healthy relationship is two independent sovereign people choosing one another actively, choosing to respect their own sovereign and independent choices, and choosing to support one another in that development. Its not, im responsible for you, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re responsible for me, its we\u8217\'92re resonsible for ourselves and we choose to do that together with one another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - I need to figure myself out. I am putting this shit on blast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) expose yourself to disappointement}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Exposure therapy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab People in codependent relationships have extremely low threshold for disappointment. The giver has low threshold for disappointing the other, and the taker has a low threshold for being disappointed by the other person. Its both people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s responsibility to elevate and expand that level of disappointment. In a healthy secure relationship, its okay to be disappointed by your partner. I\u8217\'92m okay when she\u8217\'92s disappointed. Saying no to her wanting to go somewhere to see a show. Can be helpful to talk about with partner. Here are some specific ways about how in the past, ive been been saying yes to you, when really it was a no, I wanted to go watch a game with my buddies.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 4.) go on a journey of discovery}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - what the hell are your needs?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t actually know what your needs are. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t actually know what I want or need.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Relational needs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Perfection is the fuel for codependency- both people get caught in expecting perfection. The taker will expect perfection from the giver, the giver will expect perfection from themselves. If you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not perfect at understanding what I need, what I want, then its a sign and a signal that I don\u8217\'92t matter to you. Perfection is where punishment happens.  Start to look at where you and partner are starting to look at where you are competing, or keeping a tally, a battle of fairness, a scoreboard, perfectionism is right there. That fairness competition is what reinforces the codependent behavior, and gives the two of you something to argue about, fight about, and reinforces giver/taker mentality. Any times one of you is using \u8216\'91always\u8217\'92 \u8216\'91never\u8217\'92, thats a good sign you are scorekeeping. Instead, move to relational language. How do we want to approach this. How do we as a couple want to approach this?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 5.) get to know the signs of backsliding}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Make a bunch of progress - and then after 2-5 months, old behaviors will creep back in. You will start to deprioritize your needs, deprioritize your wants. You start to run the story in the script that the other person doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care about what you want or need, and you will start to backslide. Get to know the signs as a couple of the signs of codependency, because one of you will be able to catch it. \u8220\'93Ive noticed that both of us as not been prioritize the little acts of selfisheness. I\u8217\'92ve noticed that I\u8217\'92ve been saying yes to things that have actually been a no for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 6.)Enlist someone else in the relationship to support you in letting go of this codependency. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 -}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yesXC_ibRKE"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yesXC_ibRKE}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {Addiction to a person is a greater thing}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The greatest cause of relapse is codependent relationships. It does so much damage. One of the hardest things to deal with because it plays off natural human needs, realtionships, love, belonging. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everybody that is codependent has complex trauma.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Damages sense of identity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The reasons why im being negelected is because something is wrong with me. Core identity called shame. Makes a child survive and try to stay safe \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  it makes a healthy relationship impossible because of shame. They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how to make them healthy, and so they get wounded over and over again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because they are obsessed with keeping safe, they are setting up the opposite- relationships where they keep getting hurt.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Codependent: one person supporting or trying to solve the other person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s problems. Meet their self esteem and emotional needs. On person or both persons ends up becomes an enabler of the other persons unhealthy behavior. So you try to support them, but what you are supporting is their immature and irresponsible behavior. Cleaning up their messes. But you\u8217\'92re giving them permission to never grow up. It ends up being like a parent and a child. Supporting unhealthy behaviors.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Enabler becomes totally occuppied with solving the other person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s problems, and trying to meet their needs, and they totally lose track of their own needs. Living without their own needs being met. They\u8217\'92re dying inside, trying to give life to someone else, who doesn\u8217\'92t want life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like addiction, it gradually gets worse and worse, and those in it get sicker and sicker and sicker. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Acouple things about addiction that apply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) codependency can be you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re addicted to a person. They\u8217\'92re your crackpipe. Make me feel alive. Solve all my pain problems. Solve all my emptiness. Give me life. Even when it gets to the point where you know the crackpipe is no longer giving you positive experiences, and is giving you hell, you can\u8217\'92t let go. Same is true in codependency. This person is becoming more and more toxic and destroying you, but can you get rid of them? No.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) addiction to a relationship style that isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t healthy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab - if you look at the necessary ingredients for a healthy relationship - honesty, trust, respect, you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find those in a co-dependent relationship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) Codepenency is how a shame based person approaches relationships.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Complex trauma always happens in a situation, usually home, where the person with the most power is a narcissist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Codependent relationships usually always have a narcissist\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Narcissist \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 You\u8217\'92re selfish for having needs\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t be convinced that you love me unless you have no friends and no family. Im going to start cutting out your friends and family and activity so I am the only person in your world. So you go ahead with it. Then he\u8217\'92s gonna say, you should put up with my anger, im just having a bad day. The line in the sand keeps moving to sacrifice your values and your morals. Now you start lying for them, covering for them, to keep them happy. You are getting sicker and sicker to accomodate their growing narcisism. Narcisist is the superior and you are the inferior.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like yourself, you are uneasy with who you are.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I have these painful feelings, what do I need to do to fix it. The brain doesnt go, I need to fix my inside, because its concluded my inside is bad. So where is the solution going to come from- only way I can feel good about myself is if others have positive feelings about me. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll piggyback on their positive feelings. This is where codependency begins. Looking outside yourself to deal with shame, without dealing with it internally.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How do I convince myself that I am lovable? I have to be in a relationship with somebody and that proves that they want to be in a relationship with me, can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be alone, because being alone proves to them that they are unlovable.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Either going to be a helper who rescues and gets validation, or a needy person, who is rescued.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Helper and a needy person as a basis for a relationship. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be happy unless they\u8217\'92re happy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Therefore, my priority now is im going to be responsible for their emotional world, and so if they have a problem im giong to try to fix it, if they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re angry ill try to calm them up so they\u8217\'92re happy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m plugged into them, I don\u8217\'92t have a clue what I think. My identity is a reflection of theirs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Healthy relationship - both parties make sacrifices about 50% of the time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Child didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have emotional honesty taught to them, it was punched down inside. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Codependency devlops in an emotional abusive environment with the narcissist being abusive, and it develops in an emotionally dishonest environment, because the enabler is never going to be honest about how things really are.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Soul wounds do not heal if ignored. They continue to shape and govern our emotions, self-image and our ways of interacting in relationships, long beyond the childhood in which they were received. Shame does damage far beyond the original dysfunction because it is damage the wounded souls unintentionally continue to perpetrate on themselves. It is a kind of soul murder.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Codependency is a defnece system that cuases us to wound ourselves- it allows people to survive physically but leaves them feeling dead and empty inside.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Complex trauma - phyiscally alive, soul dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Strictly control relationships so that no conflict appears.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Original DSM entry attempt:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Person who gets their self esteem from enduring an unhealthy relationship, and they keep others in it. They do this even though it is hurting everyone. Putting the needs of other people ahead of the person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own needs. Anxieties that arise from separation. Enmeshment which can arise. Unwillingness to draw appropriate boundaries. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Denial, holding back emotion, hypervigilance, anxiety, and they are stuck in it because they have no desire to get out. Clipping their own wings to stay in it. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Some people believe that narcissitic relationships largely remain in place because the partners are codependent enablers who participate in the toxic spiral because the narcissist feeds their vulnerabilities. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Theres a danger in all this of pathologizing a person for simply wanting to make a relationship work. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I do believe that a certain percentage of narcissitic relationship dynamcis do reflect a co-dependent partner. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I believe that a substantial subset for whom education about these cycles, namely that narcissistic individuals are not going to change, and that they are indeed classical cycles that play out the same way, that you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to personalize tham, it tends to set you free. So many people that are stuck in a narcissistic relationship, they are not stuck in codependency they may not be in denial, and they are aware of what is going on. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Co dependency is two people with shame issues trying to solve their shame problems.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Enlist someone outside of the relationship.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Codependncy isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a viallain, a bad guy. Its not, im such a piece of garbage im in a codependent relationship. What happens for a lot of guys is there is an immediate tendency to want to shame. What\u8217\'92s wrong with me? How do I kill that part off?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The reality is that codependency is not the enemy; what causes it is childhood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzQqR15zvog"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzQqR15zvog}}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {24: giving chase is how the narcissist responds to rejection. If you say no, then no means try harder.}
\par\plain {Hoovering - when you say no to them, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to try to suck you back in.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Dosing - they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t go fully back to the idealized stage, they give you enough dose to make you think they\u8217\'92re  serious about changing.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Codependency is a spectrum, mild to severe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In order for a narcissist to be in a relationship, theres got to be a conarcissist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Holllly shit:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Complex trauma is living in danger all the time. You are constantly in survival mode - What happens in survival mode is you have to make your needs and your survival more important than the needs of others. So you put yourself in a narcissistic place. Your needs now matter more than anything else in the world. In event trauma, you put your need in front of everybody else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, until the danger passes, and then you come back down to feeling equal to everybody else, and you enter into loving relationships again where you value them and they value you just as much. The tragedy of complex trauma, is you are constantly living in danger, so you are constantly living with you mattering more than anybody else. So complex trauma sets you up to become a narcissist. Thats what survival mode 24/7 looks like. Your needs have to become more important than everybody else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The other effect is that the child is abused/abandoned/neglected, and they conclude its their fault. That develops shame. The greater the abandonment, the more child personalizes that they must not matter at all, zero value. They develop a belief about themselve that they are less than. The greater the trauma, the greater the shame. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So, narcissism is a response to severe shame. So when a person is in a place where they feel totally like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re nothing because of severe trauma, that is no fun to live with. That is way too depressing to live with, so the brain begins to develop ways of trying to get rid of that. So narcisissim is the brain doing everything possible to either deny that it has  any shame at all. It goes to the place that I am better than everybody. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A narcissist needs somebody adoring him all the time. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how he\u8217\'92s fed. That creates a co-narcissist or a mirror, or an echo that reflects back to the narcissist. Feeds the narcisisst.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Co-narcissist is a shame response as well. They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t try to compensate for their shame, they give into it. They\u8217\'92re depressed, feeling terrible, the live with that feeling all the time. They want a narcissist to be the sun of their world to come in shine their light on their world and say, I like you, I want to fix you, to let them know that they do have value. This person noticed me and wants to help me. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Now you have the sun and the planet working together. That is a narcissist and a conarcissist.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Children get neglected because narcissist is all wrapped up pursuing their selfish endeavors. The children get abandoned if they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cooperate with the narcissist. Children dont like living like that. Children in their own mind are trying to solve the family problems that arise when the narcissist is the sun in the family system. ANd so children will adopt different roles to fix the family and try to make the narcissist happy. So each child will try different things as a way to solve family problems and try to get the narcissist to meet their needs and validate them. So you get children who try to be the perfect child, do extra chores, etc. The comedian child, theres a whole lot of pain in this family, be funny and laughing all the time. The invisible child, ill have no needs, I will fade into the background, never ask for anything so that I don\u8217\'92t add any extra stress. What they\u8217\'92re going to find as they get older is that it didn\u8217\'92t fix a thing. The narcisst wasn\u8217\'92t happy, didn\u8217\'92t meet their needs, and they took it personally, and developed their own shame. And that creates the next generation of co-dependent people. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Eighteen criteria of a narcissist - meet at least half of them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - they believe they are special and unique, a little bit better than everyone else. Think they can only be understood by special people. If you call them on their stuff, they have a comeback that says, you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get me because you\u8217\'92re not special.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - deep down, they believe they are more important than other people. Smarter, more capable, better.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - exaggerate their achievements.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - expect to be recognized by you as being better than you. Look up to them and adore them. In their private fantasy mind, they have fantasies about how successful they are and are going to be. That person said hi to me, they must be in love with me. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Insatiable appetite for praise or validation. Always looking for a pat on the back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Thinks everyone is jealous of them. Thinks everyone wishes they could be like them. All about image. Dont feel good inside, but never admit that. Their focus is looking good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab -associate with a high status person. A good looking woman. I know the president of this and that, and drop names, and try to hang out with influential people.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Try to control how you think about them. If they do something that you think wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t appropriate, they send you emails to explain away what they did, and what you should conclude about them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - Arrogance. Nose is a little in the air. A bit of snobbishness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - They must never be wrong. Their image says they always have to be right. They will never admit they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re wrong, but rather they will take what happened and twist it to make you wrong. Take what you say and twist it to make you wrong.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - at first very caring, but as true colors come out, you find they dont have much empathy or care for other peoples needs or feelings at all. They feel entitled. A relationship is never 50/50, it is always lopsided.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think rules apply to them. Rules apply to you, but not to me. I can go through your phone, you can\u8217\'92t go through mine. They are the exception to every rule.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - They are exploitive of others. All about manipulating you to meet their needs. They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how to love people, they know how to use people. In their minds they\u8217\'92re being loving, because they\u8217\'92re giving and kind in the early days, but they\u8217\'92re grooming you; giving to get. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - They must feel control and always get what they want. They can be the sweetest nicest people in the world 99% of the time, until they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get what they want. Then you got world war three. They will explode and there will be hell to pay to anyone who has crossed them. They can act very healthy until triggered, and it is the triggers that reveal their true stuff. They can no longer hide their deeper stuff once they get triggered. The masks come away. Main triggers are percieved rejection; if you say no to them, watch out. Not getting what they want, not getting enough attention, or anything that messes with their image. Usually they go to anger, and then they get cruel abusive, lash out, say hurtful things, and can be destructive. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  they always have to be fed because they have a lot of jealousy issues. The only ways they can be convinced that they are the sun of the universe is if there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no one else in the universe but you. Jealousy kicks in and they get really cruel. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 extreme sensitivity and feeling of rejection over the slightest things. They pick up hurt easily because of all of their shame issues. But as soon as they feel hurt, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not their issue, its yours, and call you selfish.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  need a mirror. Need constant reflection.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A lot of shame deep down that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never acknowledged. Pretty sure that if people get to know them, no one will ever want to meet their needs. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Narcissist become master manipulators. So good at manipulating, your not aware. Usually a hidden agenda. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3 different types of narcissist}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) exhibitionist narcissist - outgoing, always talking about dreams and accomplishments. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab Put everybody else down a little bit or a lot.\tab Positive to themselves negative about everyone else.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) Toxic/malignant narcissist - put themselves up , put others down - sadistic. Feel alive when they cause pain to other people. Bullies who thrives off of causing pain. Loves to create chaos. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) Covert narcissist - the person who you dont think is a narcissist. Never put themselves out there. They seem deperessed and seem to hate themselves. Thats the co narcissist. They are saying please make everything all about me. If I love you enough, will you make your world about me for a little bit. They give and give and give hoping to one day be the center of your universe. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re still giving to getting. Their still narcissitistic. You just don\u8217\'92t see it until they\u8217\'92re in a relationship for a long time. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What are the diffeences between a falsly empowered codepednet and a narcissist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) awareness}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) addiction}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 3.) consistency}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYNfaL_EWc8"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYNfaL_EWc8}}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 DSM 5 of 9 characteristics}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Having grandiose sense of self importance - exagerrate achievements and talents. Expect to be recognized as superior even if they haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t achieved that superiority. Obsessively references others for self-definition and self-esteem regulation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Is preoccupied with fantasies of unlimited success power brilliance beauty or love.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Believes that he or she is special and unique and only can be understood by or associate with other high status people or institutions.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Requires excessive admiration. Excessive attempts to attract or be the focus of attention of others.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sense of entitlement. Has unreasonable expectations of favorable treatment}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Is interpersonally exploitative. Relationships are largely superficial have very little interest in others experiences and have a predominance need for personal gain.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lacks empathy. Is unwilling to empathise with the feelings and needs of others. Is excessively attuned to reactions of others, but only if perceived as relevant to themselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They over or underestimate their affect on others. They are often envious of others, or believe others are envious them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shows arraogant, haughty, behaviors or attittudes. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1.) not addict}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2.) these behaviors are stable across time and consistent across situations. In other words, they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have moments of these things. Its all the time. It would be extremely rare for them to not have these traits. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One subtype of codependents look very similar to narcissist, but the key difference is stability in every situation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Codependence: }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 2 different personality times. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The most successful people on the planet are certain kind of codependent, and they are that. Severe codependents. Falsely empowered codependent. Look and sound just like a narcissist. Arrogant, grandiose, invulnerable, perfectionist, anti-dependent, etc. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re seeking others esteem through career, social status, and achievements. Minimise their own feelings and see feelings as a weakness. They lack empathy or interest in other peopels feelings. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Anyone struggling with codependence, and I believe its all of us. Less than nurturign dysfunctional parenting. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Okay, deep dive today was a huge mindfuck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At one point I was starting to try and pathologize myself, thinking like, am I a covert narc or just codependent? Am I love bombing? Am I only behaving the way I am to try and extract some sort of concession later? But then one dude mentioned that he thinks basically everyone is co-dependendent to some extent, because ultimately no parent is perfect, and that thought sort of brought me back down to reality. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The covert narc thought came from the following quote:  the covert narc thinks, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91If I love you enough, will you make your world about me for a little bit? They give and give and give hoping to one day be the center of your universe.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve found myself, in moments, thinking thoughts like that. But then, the fact that they are only moments is reassures me, because on the whole I think my fascination with you is very much a result of the happiness it gives me, which is healthy. So to that end, I want to say that I think I have the basic tools to deal with this. And I can rely on your awareness and experience to notify me of any red flags in my behavior. I want to put this out there because one of those tools is completely open communication. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And so I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m going to give this bit a rest for now. So close to the 19th, I would much much much rather think of the joy im going to feel waking up next to you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}