{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 These lessons were held at Vigram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s countryside estate, a good way away from the must and crust of Meskalim. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The days started with breakfast, where Vigram, a burly old man with a bald head and a belly-beard, oiled and trimmed,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember what I said last week?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that I need to study hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And have you done that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram laughed at his own impertinence. He had avoided the hands altogether. Under Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supervision, Vigram attempted to paint them. It was like watching a child stir food around on their plate, and when Vigram pulled his brush away, there were no hands, there were two bundles of sticks sticking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri gave a meager smile to encourage the man. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only things that matter are the face and the hands,\u8221\'94 he said. He was struggling to stay useful. \u8220\'93You could give Lora a hundred ribs and a single breast and people will forgive you for it, so long as you\u8217\'92ve drawn a perfect face and delicate, expressive, anatomically correct hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do better with the hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram laughed again and Mandri rubbed his frustrated brow. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bless this food,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So that it can be,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Consumed by the body,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So that it can,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feed the Spark,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So that it can,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move the flesh,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So that it can be,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Consumed by the body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A Solitant priest hears the word \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91gold\u8217\'92 and thinks of the radiant glow of Solraheen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a golden light so bright it bursts out of itself and splits softly into rays of red, green, and blue. A Hrkan slave hears the word \u8216\'91gold\u8217\'92 and pictures a cup full of golden coin. An outland poke hears \u8216\'91gold\u8217\'92 and thinks of sparkling sand, the sun, or the sunrose sign of Hrk emblazoned on a pure white cloak. As it is with \u8216\'91gold\u8217\'92, so it is with words, they mean different things to different people. It is some wonder then, that Solraheen would choose to use a word to create the world. He was there in the void, spoke one word, the world emerged, and people haven\u8217\'92t stopped arguing about the meaning of it all ever since.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , crying out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri\u8217\'92s ox is eating the apples!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pointed an accusing finger to the hill beyond the trellis. All eyes peered through the vines, where some twenty yards away stood Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s one true possession\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a skinny yellow ox named Gil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gil was stretching his head up high to reach a sweet red apple. His long pink tongue was stuck out and twirling, but all it was doing was batting the ripened fruit around in circles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Vigram turned to Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you insist on bringing that ox along?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gil has a right to go where he wants,\u8221\'94 Mandri said firmly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well he\u8217\'92s not got a right to my apples! I\u8217\'92ll have my man butcher it up if you don\u8217\'92t tie it aside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never go after the person, no.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Artists were the best people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It takes the best kind of person to put themselves in front of others and push through the barbs. It takes tough skin, unreasonable confidence, a flair for the dramatic. Other things besides. Without any of that, an artist is doomed to a life of sad obscurity. Above all, they must be direct.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How should I describe you?\u8221\'94 Vigram asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With admiration.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed. Mandrameen is the humblest humble that ever humbled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri did not disagree with this caricature. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had long given up trying to explain that financial success has little to do with skill. Novelty plays a role, but mostly it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about preening tongues and critic\u8217\'92s pens. It\u8217\'92s about how many people knew the raw fact of his existence. }}