{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Art in the Age of AI Reproduction}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I thought it was fitting, for the title of this post, to borrow from an existing work. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Work of Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction\u8221\'94 by Walter Benjamin was a famous essay written during the Nazi regime, when art and mass production were kicking off their fevered affair. Benjamin was a Marxist and he begins his essay with a short preface about how industrialized production will be \u8216\'91useful for the formulation of revolutionary demands in the politics of art\u8217\'92. In other words, he\u8217\'92s all for it. The essay itself is an attempt to pin down how art\u8217\'92s aesthetic character would change now that posters could be printed. His analysis isn\u8217\'92t really important for my ends, and I don\u8217\'92t really recommend reading it because Benjamin\u8217\'92s style has that Continental fluff that probably turns most of you off to reading philosophy. Perhaps if you thought NFTs were a good investment, then maybe you should give it a peek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What was happening in Benjamin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s time is not at all dissimilar to what is happening now. More than a new medium, a new economics of art is on the horizon. Unfortunately, I\u8217\'92m not an Orthodox Marxist; I wish I could be confident that this development will inevitably bring about a new utopia, but I\u8217\'92m not. I\u8217\'92m not a Orthodox Libertarian either, so I\u8217\'92m not convinced that letting the markets cook is the best of all possible worlds. I\u8217\'92m also not a Orthodox Doomer. I\u8217\'92m not scared of AI. I think it can be a useful tool. What I am is a working artist, a generalist in the video game industry. I do everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 concept art, 3d modeling, minimal rigging and animation when necessary, shaders, post processing, etc. etc. etc. I\u8217\'92m quite good at it. I\u8217\'92m not going to show you guys my shit because I don\u8217\'92t want to be outed as a degen neolib to my coworkers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Personally, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not worried at all about AI taking my job. I\u8217\'92m writing this because I read a lot of bad takes from tech bros about what it is that artists do, as well as the aesthetic value of AI art.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bad take #1: AI art is going to be so good that it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going to replace human artists.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It will put a lot of artists out of work, but never *all* artists. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Until *actual* artificial intelligence is reached, there will always be a human at the wheel. Today\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s AI (and tomorrow\u8217\'92s) most useful function will be to revolutionize workflows so that an artist can work much more efficiently. I once worked at a studio where an intern\u8217\'92s entire job was unwrapping and managing UV sets for 3D models. Presumably, this process could be automated with AI, and some efforts have been made in that direction. I suspect that job won\u8217\'92t exist in the near future. It probably shouldn\u8217\'92t have existed in the first place because it caused it\u8217\'92s own workflow problems, but that\u8217\'92s another matter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s important to remember that AI is not actually \u8216\'91intelligent\u8217\'92. It is not creative. I know \u8216\'91intelligence\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91creativity\u8217\'92 are ill-defined words, but these waters really aren\u8217\'92t so muddy \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a creative solution is a less a predictable solution. Put another way, there are an infinite number of ways to draw a cartoon-style head, and a creative solution is one which hasn\u8217\'92t been tried yet. AI is simply not capable of exploring the vast breadth of that space as it\u8217\'92s basically one-step removed from a simple markov chain, trying to determine the next predictable state based on the current state and it\u8217\'92s own input}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and this prediction}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is restricted by the data }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 on which it has been trained}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . (Forgive me if I haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t put that accurately.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, i}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 t is possible that this generative method is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91creative enough\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  for most consumer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tastes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Most people aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t immersed enough in the arts to have seen AI\u8217\'92s solutions before, and so it seems novel to them}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and because of this, they think that the entirety of art is doomed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I suspect that this downplaying of the importance of creativity in the making of art leads to bad take number 2.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bad take #2: All artists copy other artists, and they aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t required to pay compensation}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , so AI should be able to do it too. }{\f0\fs24\b0 There is no functional difference of feeding a computer the MOMA's catalog or a person studying those works to learn techniques and get inspiration.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 First off, the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91functional difference\u8217\'92 here is so blindingly self-evident that I\u8217\'92m honestly surprised this take ever gets uttered. An AI is not a human being. It does not process information the same way. The output is not the same. It is not intelligent. Human consciousness is not roughly equitable to Chat-GPT. It\u8217\'92s like asking, \u8216\'91what\u8217\'92s the functional difference between a caterpillar eating your bush and my chainsaw doing it?\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beyond that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are certainly artists who copy solutions from other artists. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll find alot of them in the world of cartoons. There are hordes of teens busy tracing lines from Naruto or whatever  weebs are into.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Probably the reason for this is biological}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , as}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  copying other people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s behavior is just what humans do for the first 20-ish years of their life. Monkey see monkey do. Mirror neurons. etc.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But once we reach a certain level of maturity, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 some of us}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 pretentious assholes become}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  more and more interested in crafting our own solutions to any given problem. In the art world, the most famous example of this }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Picasso - he was trained in a certain style when was young and he was quite good at it, but then realized that nothing of himself was in these paintings, that he was just copying solutions down which other people had figured out, and}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  so he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  decided to put a lot of\~effort\~in to developing his own style. And\~effort}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is key}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . It }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 takes many,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  many years of effort. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When you go to art school to learn how to draw, the first lesson is, don't draw from photos, draw from life. Cameras have already interpreted the world into a 2D plane, and in copying }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a photo,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  you are not figuring out your own solution to this particular problem. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 f people wanted a camera\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interpretation of events, they\u8217\'92d }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 simply }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 take a photo. "All artists train on the work of others", is the usually the exact opposite of what an artist wants to be doing. If an artist wants to paint just like Picasso, then sure, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll spend some time copying his work, but generally, the whole point of art is to figure out your own solution to problems, because fundamentally it's about personal expression. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fact that some people are inspired by Picasso was never a problem requiring intervention because the economics of the situation did not demand it. People are willing to a pay a whole lot more for a painting by Picasso th}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 n a painting by some guy who paints like Picasso. Every so often a pre-teen \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91little picasso\u8217\'92 gets hyped up in the art world by galleries trying to make a few thousand off of rubes, but that doesn\u8217\'92t at all affect the market for the genuine article.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Picasso}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s time, the economics of art has radically changed.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  vast majority of working artists today are nameless}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . People know the brands\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Magic the Gathering, Star wars, Marvel, but only nerds read the artist credit, and nobody}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  stays in the theater when the credits roll}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  unless Thanos shows his buttcheeks afterwards. M}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ost }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 consumers}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  just do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  not give a fuck}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 about }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 who makes the art, only that it gets made. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 care about the difference between}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  James Jean}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  illustrating a new graphic novel and John Doe using an AI trained on }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jean\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  work. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe some even think that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  John Doe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s AI does James Jean better than James Jean.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t we praise John Doe for his ingenuity and hard work in fleshing out an economic niche? After all, if AI is just a workflow tool, then Doe would have a lot of his own creative input in the final product. I don\u8217\'92t think that anyone could reasonably deny that it\u8217\'92s transformative. He\u8217\'92d need to have a decent sense of storytelling as he uses StoryTellBot to craft the narration and dialogue. He\u8217\'92d have to be a decent illustrator to compose compelling images using PhotoshopBot. Maybe he has a technical background, and his skill with AI tools gives him a leg up on James Jean even if James Jean wanted to compete. Jean is now a market loser despite his many years of labor being absolutely critical to the production of Doe\u8217\'92s line of graphic novels. Unlike Picasso\u8217\'92s imitators, Jean\u8217\'92s imitator has decimated the market value of his labor.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And this says nothing of the difference between a human copying their work because they are inspired, and an AI model copying their work because there is an economic incentive. Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 unless you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re trying to supplant the original.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In my own personal experience, I was 21 when I realized I was an absolute hack and was just aping other people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s art, and had a bit of a mental breakdown over it. It\u8217\'92s been many years since then, and I\u8217\'92ve been richly rewarded for putting in the effort to go my own way, to find my own creative solutions to .}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The most important is that this position views art solely as an economic product, when it isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is, however, a segment of the industry which it will replace.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Let the market cook}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Art belongs to the category of words which label methods for exploring existence. Science, religion, among them. The difference between them lies in the method used for exploration - science employs scientific method, religion employs revelation/spiritual experience, art employs the making of an object. The difference between artist and the craftsman is the difference between the scientist and the engineer, or the prophet and the priest - one is exploring, the other are memorizing signs and symbols and repeating them for effect.}}