{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The two demons looked at each other. A whispered word was shared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first of them asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The other asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatchu gawtta knife fur?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked down and saw that he was gripping his knife so tight that his knuckles were white. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh...uh\u8230\'85sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The demon from Iskabat pulled his short sword from its scabbard and he brandished it at Mandri. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cuhm an get dem feengahs cut.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stepped back and waved his hands in clear submission. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here because Pel sent me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pel sent you?\u8221\'94 the Jeketian demon asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandrameen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Iskabati demon grunted and the Jeketian slouched back against the gate. Evidently, they had been expecting him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Iskabati waved his sword and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Poop thuh lil\u8217\'92 hippy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Drop the knife,\u8221\'94 said the Jeketian.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you dumb? You\u8217\'92re not getting inside with a knife.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It seemed unwise to give up the knife. If Mandri handed it over and passed through the gate he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be ambling into the clutches of a Salavan without the means to defend himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Probably, he would die. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But what good was a Mandri wielded knife against a demon king?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d die with or without it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could run away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But where would he go? He would probably die in a gutter within a week.}}