{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rude, scraggly }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 man walking in front of Mandri, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  man }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 carrying}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91unconscious\u8217\'92 Mazyd Obo, his name was Seb. The man walking behind Mandri, the short and stout man who carried the torch, his name was Hill, and according to Hill, these were the only two things that Mandri needed to know. Don\u8217\'92t bother with \u8216\'91why\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91what is going on\u8217\'92, or \u8216\'91I can\u8217\'92t see where I\u8217\'92m going\u8217\'92, no, the only thing that mattered was that Seb was in front and Hill was behind and that was the way things were going to be. If Mandri did so much as breathe too loud for Hill\u8217\'92s comfort, well}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that was sufficient cause for an open handed smack on the back of the head, and it was impossible to not }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 make too much noise}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  because sound carried well in that pitch-black tunnel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 nd Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s once-dead-legs were as stiff as rods so every step begged a groan. Every }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bend of knee felt like a trigger exploding his thigh.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Instead of striding through the dark like Hill wanted him to, Mandri shuffled through it on sensitive feet, doing what he could to avoid the trash that littered the floor, and that was hard to do too because the tunnel was a dumping ground. There was a horde of trash piled all the way up the low ceiling}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . It was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  not a place for unshod feet. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The torchlight shadows of the p}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 icked-clean bones of small animals, splintered balkanut shells the size of skulls, curved clay shards of shattered jars, and all manner of organic waste, the worst of which were the cold and gooey lumps of muck that glistened when they welled up in between Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s toes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mandri }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t figure}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  w}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hat this substance was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  until Hill stepped in it, too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Godsdamned it be! Seb, was this you?\u8221\'94 Hill was pointing down at dark }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 globby }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stain }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 souring the toe}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of his hard leather boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb paused his walking and turned around. He shoved Mandri aside so he could get an eye on Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Course not,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  protested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why can\u8217\'92t you shit in the hole like everyone else?\u8221\'94 Hill asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you, it wasn\u8217\'92t me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s always you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Chopp}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill let loose a long a frustrated sigh and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s always either you or Cho}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 p}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 per, and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 since this shit is }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 green, that means its you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb rolled his eyes, turned a cold shoulder to Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s indignation, and started off again into the dark. Hill nudged Mandri to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 said, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t play no blame games with me. W}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ho\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the one }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 pilin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 up}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  all this trash up in here, huh? Ya know there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a pit for all this, too, but ya}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  too lazy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Get yourself together fore you come and pick on my habits.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb wrapped up his }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 complaint with a snort before it blossomed into a }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 harangue}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  readjusting Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dead weight }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to accommodate it}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri followed along, eyes searching the ground for a clean edge of stone to scrape his shit-stained foot against. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This tunnel was the most loathsome place that }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  had ever seen}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Black moldy growths pickled the ceiling}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , cramped}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  tight with trash,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  not one thing in it was whole, yet with each step Mandri was becoming more and more certain that this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t truly Shis. This was life in all it\u8217\'92s lived-in-ness, and Mandri could think of no surer a sign of plenty than a deep trash heap. But maybe every nation\u8217\'92s trash found its way down to Shis as a kind of punishment that the dead must bear for not cleaning up after themselves. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until the trio left this rubbish tunnel and spilled out into a }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 cleaner, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 roomier tunnel that Mandri was sure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  regular old }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 cave system,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 not some corridor of Shis. It was d}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ark and foreboding,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  yes,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  but the objects that lay strewn around the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 brown}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  rock floor were too banal to be }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 instruments of some grand design}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On o}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ne side }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of this tunnel }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 was a store of chopped lumber, and stacked cross-wise on the other were plump }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 canvas }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bags}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  branded with a black Hrkan compass rose. Strewn on the floor in between this stolen grain and the firewood was all manner of idle obstructions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 beer pots, holey-soled and stringless leather boots, a bundle of arrows propped up inside a beer pot, more beer pots.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Th}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is dark passage emptied out into a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  yet}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  bigger one, where the ceiling was twice Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s height. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb picked his way around all this junk as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d placed each piece himself, like a pampered toddler waddling through scattered toys. The pain in Mandri\u8217\'92s legs flared up as he struggled to keep pace.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stubbed his toe on a, and it was in that moment that he accepted the fact that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  truly had been brought back to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It remained to be seen if this was positive development.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the very least it was an interesting development.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Interesting}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been raised from the dead}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Perhaps more interesting was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that these ratty bandits had somehow captured a Mazyd. The Mazydai were beings of storied power, cornerstones of Hrkan Lordship, yet there was Mazyd Obo, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 his pale form }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 limp and shoulder-slung like a freshly slaughtered sty-pig}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , his bald head bobbing with Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s every step}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . It was hard to believe anyone could bring a Mazyd down so low, and that these two ratty bandits were involved was inconceivable. Seb was as unimposing as an outland man could be, dirty and hungry looking, with sunken eyes. He looked like desperation more than a man, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 not the dangerous desperation, the sad kind of}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  desperation }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  could defeat by simply looking away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri snuck a look behind at Hill. Hill had his plump pinky finger stuck halfway up his own nose, digging for gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri grimaced, then got an idea of questionable .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave some for me,\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  he said as Hill}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill eye\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flashed in surprise}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , his cheeks flushed, and}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  he gave Mandri a rude but pulled punch in the ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get going!\u8221\'94 he shouted}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri got going. He took two steps, and when that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hurried enough, Hill}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  shoved him in the back}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  as if that would help. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stiff legs couldn\u8217\'92t cope with the unbalancing and he tumbled forward into Seb\u8217\'92s hips. Seb went sprawling, and so did Mazyd Obo.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The three of them tumbled together into the glinting darkness, much}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  yelp}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ing and groaning split.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whore\u8217\'92s breath!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted. \u8220\'93You a pokey ol}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 d}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  tacko, ain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ya?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 pushed himself}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 up}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to his feet}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . He glared down}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 at}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and said in the most matter-of-fact tone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a got-damned idiot}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , too}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rushed by them, torch flame whipping like a flag}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and Seb both }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 looked after Hil}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 l in bewilderment}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and just beyond him was the bald, pale, and naked Obo fleeing into the darkness}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Hill wavered briefly at the sight of Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  exceptional agility}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , for the Mazyd looked part-frog as it leaped from}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  rock to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wall to rock}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hill shouted back}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go get Ayram!\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and then charged on again into the .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stood still, dumbfounded, and watched the chase until Hill\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s torchlight disappeared around a bend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  A robe-swish later and Mandri felt the cold iron point of a dagger prod his back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you think about tryin\u8217\'92 nothin\u8217\'92 stupid}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  said Seb}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92d I say about talkin\u8217\'92? }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now get movin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stood up and he started to move in the direction he supposed Seb wanted him to go. He figured his way was true because Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knife didn\u8217\'92t correct him. The two of them walked like this, bumbling through the pitched-black dark, toes and knees crashing into whatever happened to be in their way, clank of fired clay and the . Eventually they came to yet another tunnel, one which gave way}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , some fifty meters away,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 o the blinding light of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One quick glance at this spot of sunlight was enough to imprint a white circle into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vision}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that stayed true wherever he looked}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  It was so  that was effectively blind when they stumbled out of the cave. He only knew he was outside because of the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 warmth}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of sunlight that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  wash}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  over }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 his }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 skin. Seb let go of his arm, and Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s aching legs}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 took this as a to collapse. He sank}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to his knees, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and instead of meeting rock his skin met warm, soothing sand}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . He dug his hands into it. It was so damn comfortable. He wanted to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wriggle into it like a sand flea}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is Ayram!?\u8221\'94 Seb shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s not here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then where is he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s back inside with Elrahet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri felt a brush of air as Seb darted back into the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri tried to blink out the burned-in image of day which occluded the world from view}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Soon it faded into a color that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the blue of a midday sky as he\u8217\'92d been expecting. He looked up, and there was a circle of blue above him, and when he looked back down at the world around it became clear that he was encircled by tall walls of stone that rose up by a good thirty feet. He was sitting at the bottom of a colossal white limestone bucket, a pit cave, and t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 prenoon s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 un}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 angled }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 down the sides of this bucket, leaving }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s half of the}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  pit in a dusty, radiant glow, and the other half in a }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 crescent }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 shadow which seemed to glow }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 with warmth from }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 from all the reflected light}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  bouncing around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were dark figures milling about in this warm shadow, some standing, some sitting against the rock. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Self-awareness. He was kneeling like an idiot in a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  spotlighted}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  splotch of}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  sand, he on one side, the shadow of bandits on the other. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see their eyes, but he could feel their glares descend upon him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of them stepped forward and into the sunlight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a Zosan woman. Her smooth, dark face was framed by }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a tight}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  white scarf that was loosely wrapped around }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 neck}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The rest of her figure was shrouded to the ankles by a beige }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 robe}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . It was a clean and simple look, and despite the wear and tear that spoke of }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 life }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 roughing it }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 out in the Sand, the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 woman}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  wore it with a hint of regal bearing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shoulders }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 held }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 in a kind of self-important sw}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 oo}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 p that showed she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 been }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 trained in the art of woman-standing-still. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her voice was as imperious }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 and}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  uncompromising }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 as her posture}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the dead boy,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes, Mandri was the dead boy. It was such a simple matter of fact, but the way she said it made it seem like it was some keen insight that was obvious only to her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who are you?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. He was anxious not to appear ruffled. He sat back on his heels and contemplated standing up but decided against it because}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if his legs could manage it without}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  wobbl}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am Moteah}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  said the woman.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This declaration was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 announced with}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  degree of }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 puffery}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , like this, too, was a revelation. She}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  even }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wrinkled her nose as she looked down at Mandri. She could no doubt smell the death on him. Then }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 she shook}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  some thought out of her head, and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That man who brought you out here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Seb. Do you know why he was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 in a hurry}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, well\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Should he nod? \u8220\'93I think your other prisoner escaped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazyd escaped?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The word was hardly out of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth when three scraggly men, all wrapped up in deep desert fashion, leapt to their feet and sprinted across the sand towards Mandri. In five strides they brushed right past him, and on the sixth they disappeared into the dark tunnel, leaving behind cloud of sparkling dust swirling }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 against the blackness of the cavern depths}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah marched after them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get the boy fit for the Sand.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A grumbling voice shot of out of the dark. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Get}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  him }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 fit for }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a dog\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dick}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shut up Spiddy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You shut up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s to mess with the boy until Ayram\u8217\'92s sussed him out.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name\u8217\'92s Forty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  whatever.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah puffed herself up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I shouldn\u8217\'92t have to say this, but thing\u8217\'92s being what they are\u8230\'85 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 n}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 o one touches a hair on his head unless Ayram says so.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She gestured wide towards Mandri. A few unconvinced grunts followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 Moteah said, continuing to address the shadows, \u8220\'93Who}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Papi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  stamped her foot. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy needs }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 robes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  before we set out and Papi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 will fit. So, who}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got \u8216\'91em}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Papi\u8217\'92s not been dead two days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So? }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Do you think he cares what happens to his clothes?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you take his clothes, then, Pelt?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Tob did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  turned to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a lounging shadow near the shadow\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob, Do you have Papi\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob did not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  answer}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and Forty took this silence for confirmation. She}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  motioned for}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri to}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  follow her into the shade and so he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Tucked right inside the bottom swerve of the pit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crescent shadow was a burly man stretched out amongst a couple burlap sacks. This man\u8217\'92s head could be best described as a wiry bush of black, for between the beard, brows, and hair there was hardly a splotch of skin. There was a mouth in there somewhere, because sticking out of it was a smoking pipe of freeweed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Th}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  man, Tob, was propped up on one elbow. He took one look at Mandri and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The bastard can freeze and burn for all I care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty sauntered over to the limestone wall and sat down next to}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  this irascible bush of a }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is Tob,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob is an idiot,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come off it,\u8221\'94 Tob moaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are those Papi\u8217\'92s clothes?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 she}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  asked as she pointed to the bundle of clothes }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that lay between}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Tob}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s elbow and armpit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob patted the bundle with care and said. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are. Make a nice pillow, don\u8217\'92t they}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s have \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The only way the boy here is gettin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 them is if Ayram commands it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give them here,\u8221\'94 said }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , undeterred. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Woman. What did I just say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want to explain to Ayram why the boy isn\u8217\'92t ready to go when he gets out here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob took a long, thoughtful drag from his pipe, let the smoke swirl around with this thoughts, then finally relented.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 lright.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man pulled the bundle of clothes out from under his bushy bulk,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and made to undo the string }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 that wrapped it all together}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , grumbling as he did it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, last I checked was the Ayramun}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , not the Fortyun.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Never said it was.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob gave up trying to undo a troublesome knot. He tossed the wrapped bundle of clothes at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet and said, \u8220\'93Go on. But you need be remembering who those clothes belong to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard,\u8221\'94 said}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re Papi\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 Tob scowled. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything is Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s here. Clothes on my back. Those clothes there at your feet. The food that\u8217\'92s coming to your belly. It\u8217\'92s all loaned out, if you like. Everything\u8217\'92s Ayram\u8217\'92s, not yours, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 not Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 not }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s either. So don\u8217\'92t get confused by the way }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the women }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 act.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri picked up the bundle. He pulled at the plaited hemp string and unrolled the clothes onto the ground. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 here was a thin brown woolen robe that was crumpled with salt and sweat, and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a loose fitting cowl, brown}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 with a diamond pattern of beige sewn down the sides. There was also a pair of rawhide boots that, when he put them on, seemed cut perfectly to size. It was all in good shape, too, though the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 robe}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  had a blood stain around the collar and the}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 re was a splotch of blood running along the length of the left arm and all down the left side to the hem}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When finally had it all on, Tob looked him up and down with a peculiar stare and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Papi wore when he got killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I figured.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Anoyed.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are you all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  comfortable }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 with me }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wearing this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like the woman said, Papi\u8217\'92s dead. He don\u8217\'92t want em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stares of death from other Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. It seems, uh, it seems a bit rude to be wearing these.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t it, though?\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  said a voice in the shadow behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh screw off,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Forty. \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri looked down at the bloodstained sleeve.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really, I\u8217\'92m fine wearing }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 my}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  old blue tunic,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be fine when we head out into the Sand}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That tunic would leave your legs in sunboils.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hell of a lot wrong with those}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  robes too}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Tob said}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Those clothes have got bad luck knitted right into them}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 D}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 on\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 start}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This ain\u8217\'92t a matter of startin\u8217\'92 and stoppin\u8217\'92. Those clothes are plain bad luck. That\u8217\'92s how it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah groaned and }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s caterpillar brow winked at Mandri and he said, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Women don\u8217\'92t know about luck, do they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t either,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  said Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wrong!\u8221\'94 Tob said}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no such thing as \u8216\'91no luck\u8217\'92. There\u8217\'92s only good luck and bad luck. No luck at all is just bad luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  rolled her eyes and said}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  derisively}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob knows all about luck, don\u8217\'92t you Tob.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right I do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side was a leather shoulder-strap pack and he}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  reached down into }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 it and pulled out}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  bright yellow }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 pouch the size of his fist. He loosed the string that kept it closed and revealed to Mandri an assortment of rocks and pebbles}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  inside}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take one of my rocks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 said Forty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shutup }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 bitch}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Grumbles, not just from Forty. Which told Mandri there was some social fuckery about. A complete stranger, he was already being figured in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These are lucky rocks, boy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Tob. \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Count yourself blessed. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They be s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 mall measures of luck, but they do in a pinch. They won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t balance out them clothes, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 though}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know they\u8217\'92re lucky rocks?\u8221\'94 Mandri looked over the stones with a skeptical eye}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . This inkling of doubt}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  seemed}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  offen}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 d Tob. The man was clearly accustomed to being taken as unserious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve been tested}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he said.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And if I say they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been tested,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  then }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been tested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tested how?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You dumb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you test anything? You pick it up, try to do somethin\u8217\'92 with it, then see what happens. If it works, good chance the thing is lucky. If it works ten times over, then its been tested.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I keep the unlucky rocks, too,\u8221\'94 Tob continued. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not as good as a curse pot, but if someone gets to pesterin\u8217\'92 you, slip one of these bad boys into their pocket.\u8221\'94 Tob then took another pouch from out of his things, and opened it to reveal another bunch of rocks. Each of these had a white \u8216\'91X\u8217\'92 carved into them. Tob picked one of them up and smiled at Moteah while he thumbed it\u8217\'92s grooves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Little stones of retribution. Ever seen one of these babies, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get it. If a rock is lucky, how does that make me lucky. It\u8217\'92s the rock that\u8217\'92s lucky, not me.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t get him started,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  said, but Forty\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question had hooked Tob with ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s like }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 peelin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 paint,\u8221\'94 said Tob.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mechanics to it. There\u8217\'92s little quirks you got to learn by experience. Like you may wonder why I was restin\u8217\'92 on Papi\u8217\'92s clothes, considerin\u8217\'92 they\u8217\'92re unlucky. I do it because when your sleepin\u8217\'92, unlucky things will drain the un-luck out of y}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ou}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , and good luck things will drain the good luck out of you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 b}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ut that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s only when you\u8217\'92re sleepin\u8217\'92.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 The man\u8217\'92s stubby finger was jamming the air, trying to direct the understand into Mandri\u8217\'92s Spark.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 ;}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cause when we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re sleeping we become like rocks. Like how if you\u8217\'92re awake in a river you sink, but if you sleep you float like log.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ever try swimming while sleeping?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh...no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well you can\u8217\'92t. When we\u8217\'92re awake and moving about and decidin\u8217\'92 things, it\u8217\'92s the normal mechanics of luck and things rub off onto you. But like I say, there\u8217\'92s quirks to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s putting you on, Tob,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not, he gets it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tob}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , any old fart can see that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  unluckiest bastard }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 in the world}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She turned to Mandri and pointed at Tob\u8217\'92s head like it was a .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hides his face in }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 all that }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hair cause it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s so damned ugly.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Guess how he got those scars.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head got chewed up b}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 y a Keenkedra.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I survived!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Tob proclaimed.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  has touched tongues}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 with}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a full-grown Keenki}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and live to tell about it}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one. None but me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . And why?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91C}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ause }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 my bones are made of luck}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I admit that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re lucky you survived, but you were}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 u}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 nlucky as balls to ever get swallowed in the first place.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 T}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just the thing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Tob said, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 his }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 left eye wide with excitement}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , revealing to Mandri that under all that hair, the right side of his face was paralyzed. Something like that is usually obvious from the way the lips skew when a person speaks, but Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth was little more than hole in the bush that was his beard, and while that hole did skew, the right side had an excuse for not moving as it was busy supping on his pipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need some bad luck to really know about luck}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Tob. \u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the always-lucky that don\u8217\'92t know a thing about luck because they don\u8217\'92t need to. They }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 tep in any holes, and so they }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 get to believin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that holes don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exist.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  I warn you, boy, n}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ever trust a lucky man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ways. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 omeone like me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve stepped in all the holes}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  I know my way around them by now. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got Luck mapped out as well as anybody who ever lived.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe you,\u8221\'94 said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You shouldn\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 said Forty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob brushed her off and said to Mandri, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 f I shoot an arrow at you, what says whether or not it kills you?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 L}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 uck}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  interjected}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , saying, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Luck has nothing to do with it. It\u8217\'92s skill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s luck!\u8221\'94 Tob retorted. \u8220\'93Skill says whether or not you hit the target.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  You a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 im at the neck, and if you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re skilled, you hit the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 neck.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Luck says whether it }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rips through the blood pipes, or only scratches the throat.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  As proof of his words, Tob}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  brushed up his beard reveal}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , lurking under a scraggle of neck hair,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a long white scar that wrapped round }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 his throat}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like someone tried to chop your head off}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  said Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been dozing off perks up }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wielding a pokey cleaver}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chop!?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 said Tob.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No chop. No chop today.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 He was kinda drool, a dumb look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chop?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walks away disappointed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say the word chop around chopper. Unless you need something chopped. And if you need something chopped you better find him and let him do it}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  or else.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Anyways, like I was sayin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92, the a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 rrow that did this was shot from }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 only }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 twenty paces.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Busted right through my }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 neck. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  mercenary from Sc}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 wee}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  no less; as skilled as any here with a bow. But }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 he was }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 unlucky. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At least, he c}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t beat my luck, and half my luck is these stones. I\u8217\'92d wager more than money that my stones is what saved me. Like Forty says, my natural luck is shit. It\u8217\'92s only cause of these stones that I\u8217\'92m here talking to you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 See he talks all this shit, but he won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ever back it up with a bet.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bet,\u8221\'94 Tob said.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 t\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not morally correct for me to be takin\u8217\'92 advantage of others in matters of luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what he said}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri is like, gotta choose who to upset here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stepped over to the cave wall and pulled a little white shard of rock from it. He chose that particular piece because it flaked out from the rest of the sandstone. It was shaped like a short, fat, carrot, fitting quite comfortably in his palm. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So this stone has got some natural luck in it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure does. Might be bad luck though, so you got to test it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I feel like if rocks had luck in them, people would be mining them like gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty laughed, bright eyes, made a good point.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see it cause people like Seb go around preaching that everything that happens is already planned out, like this is all some big . But that\u8217\'92s not how it is. Go on, test that rock.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Keep in mind}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it takes time to get a feel fer these kind o}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 f}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  things. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expect}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  quick results.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stuffed his new stone into his pocket. Then he pointed at Tob\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pouch of rocks. \u8220\'93What if Ayram wanted those?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob cocked his ear. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, they\u8217\'92re not your rocks, right? They\u8217\'92re Ayram\u8217\'92s. You said everything was Ayram\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that everything was Ayram\u8217\'92s,\u8221\'94 Mandri repeated. \u8220\'93 You said that everything is \u8216\'91loaned out\u8217\'92. That includes your lucky rocks, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tob glared at Mandri}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  as if Mandri had just insulted his mother.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now why would you want to know about that?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just wondering. You said that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No hold on. I want to know what you\u8217\'92re on my lucky rocks for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just wondering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be out here wondering,\u8221\'94 Tob said. \u8220\'93Wondering about other people and what they\u8217\'92ve got will get you into trouble. So you just worry bout your rocks and I\u8217\'92ll worry bout mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I warned you not to get him started,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forty}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Come off it, no one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s getting started. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m just tryin}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to keep the boy focused on what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s he needs to be focused on, and that\u8217\'92s his own damned luck.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, alright,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, trying to calm Tob down. \u8220\'93What should I do then? How should I test my new rock?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri thought for a moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92d like to get up and get out of this cave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how it works,\u8221\'94 Tob said. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t wish-upon-a-stone. You\u8217\'92ve got to use the stone to do somethin\u8217\'92 like -\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah hands Mandri off to Forty and Tob. Comes back and shushes people up. Fin chapter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah comes and Ayram comes.}}