{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His servant, Salavan, was quick to clarify, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please do not struggle. Stressed meat tastes foul.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then, with the natural grace of a man made king from birth, the Amalgamete twirled his scrawny arm, snapped his fingers, and waved his minions onward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both Moto and Moteah threw down their packs and shielded Elrahet behind them. Mandri held out his sword and assumed responsibility for watching their backs. He turned once more towards the exit. He suddenly regretted not paying more attention to Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fighting lessons, though they might not have helped to prepare against five eight-armed, black-shelled, needle beetles from Shis arrayed above that square doorway. He would have to fight off all of them all at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do I do!?\u8221\'94 he screamed at siblings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just stab the damned things!\u8221\'94 Moteah cried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged off his pack and let Obo fall heedlessly to the floor. The beetles fluttered their shells against their backs, preparing to jump. Mandri readied himself to stab. Then the world flashed with the white light of purpose. The God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye sight had blinded him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not now!\u8221\'94 he screamed as his vision plunged into a swirling sea of iridescent light. He ducked low to the ground and swung his sword wildly in the air. He prayed for Solraheen\u8217\'92s protection\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he spoke no words, it was a stronger prayer than that, it was a burst of raw emotion. When the white light bled away it revealed a world in which the hag-beetles had yet to jump. Mandri could see their Sparks floating inside their shells, Sparks of saturated yellow. Shimmering white threads of purpose stretched out of them and wound through the net of fate which fixed the world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 four beetle threads ran up to the ceiling. One arced through the air straight at Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He would have taken it for his doom, but it stopped right in front of his nose. And there was another shimmering thread of purpose arcing there, one which wound out through the doorway and disappeared into the darkness of the throne room. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The hag-beetle jumped. It sped through the air and its shell parted to let loose its spike, but Mandri did not duck, for he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d caught sight of a giant running through the doorway\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a wild eyed giant with a bread-loaf beard. Mandri sighed in awe as Ayram swung his iron spear right through its guiding thread to break the hag-beetle\u8217\'92s back. An eye-blink later and beetle smashed into the ground with a tremendous crunch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There stood Ayram. His Spark shone brightly because of course it did, this was Ayram, glorious Ayram, the conquering hero. He even had the Mazidariga child underneath his arm. When he yanked his spear out of the beetle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, the beetle spasmed, its Spark dimmed, and its eight legs and many fingers twitched feebly a moment more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The four other hag-beetles, seeing this, scurried up to the ceiling and fled back down the hall, following their threads of purpose back towards the Amalgamete.}}