{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The red sun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bottom lip kissed the west, and Ayram set out into the Sand. He never announced it was time to leave or that everyone should think about heading out, he simply gathered up his enormous backpack and started off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice Ayram walk off because the colors in the sky were darkening into the most unusual reddish tint. It was a shade he\u8217\'92d only seen in rotting berries. The whole sky in the west was flush with this startling purplish red, and he followed the gradient arc around to the east, and there, suddenly, some hundred yards away was Ayram\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a giant lumbering towards a featureless horizon. Beyond Ayram was a much smaller black dot named Seb. Seb had set out even earlier after complaining about how slow everyone was and that she was going to do what she wanted to do. Nobody tried to stop her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Elrahet was good and ready to leave, she told Moto to bring the cursed Mazid with him, and she waddled, packless, out into the Sand. Moto turned to Moteah and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You heard the woman, bring the Mazid with you,\u8221\'94 and then he jogged off after the others. The clank of iron and wood inside his own heavy pack was as good as teasing laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At this point Obo had been gagged by a gray rag, put there at Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s command. Obo gave a muffled plea to be free of it, but Moteah ignored him as she finished reorganizing her backpack to fit in a few extra sheaves of Hrkan hardtack. Mandri sat down on a bump of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s rubble and he studied her features.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah fit the standard rule of thumb for beauty that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s taught to artists at an early age\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 don\u8217\'92t make too many marks. People start to look ugly if one makes too many marks to bring out the features. If Mandri were to paint Moteah with as few marks as possible, he wouldn\u8217\'92t be lying all that much. A few swipes to capture the sheen of the redding light that defined her high arched cheeks and the youthfulness of her lips and that was it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was attractive, no doubt, but if one sits and stares at another human being for long enough, as a portrait artist must do, the features of the face start to lose the illusion that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re working together for a purpose. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter how attractive the person is. The strangeness creeps in all the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Usually it starts with the ears. Moteah had ears. Peeking out underneath her sun-licked, frazzled bush of wiry hair were tiny ears. Mandri hated ears, those odd, fleshy protuberances. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as if, when Solraheen was creating people, He took a wad of clay, crumpled it up, and then slapped it onto the side of the head expecting to come back to it later to make it work but never did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The worst part of the face is the breath. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not quite part of the face, but the breath! If there was ever a sign of what a person is, it is the stench of breath. Cover it up by gargling pango juice, but that never lasts long. Little wonder that Jeket has a whole market square dedicated to tinctures and chews that are supposed to suppress the smell of the curdled things hiding in between the teeth, or pasting the tongue, or tucked into tonsil folds. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But even ignoring all that, and counting only the basics, the structure of the face, everyone is still ugly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There is not one person alive whose face is symmetrical. There is always, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , some feature which started growing in the wrong direction as a child and kept going with age. Or maybe it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grow fast enough to keep up with the rest when puberty hit. Titled noses. Slanted jaws. Most common is the uneven eyes, or uneven eyebrows. Sometimes the whole face swivels around to one side, and so one cheek gets slapped more than the other. Or it was smushed that way as the head squeezed out of the womb and it stuck, leaving the mentioned with a lopsided smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The only parts of the body Mandri liked to look at were the ones he generally wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allowed to look at\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a cosmic cruelty, but one he didn\u8217\'92t fret about, because the only reason he liked to look at those bits was because he wasn\u8217\'92t allowed to. He used to be fascinated by the depths inside the eye, but his brush spent so much time nibbling them that they\u8217\'92d lost their sparkle. Now, they were nothing but squishy wet orbs squelching around in sockets. And as it is for outer beauty, so it is for inner beauty as well. Mandri was certain that if he got close enough to Moteah, that if he got a whiff of her breath, so to speak, then the illusion that she was something to be cherished, something more than a walking, talking sack of Sparked meat, well that would crumble. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Still, she had no obvious tells. Her hawkish features were tailor made for serious moods, and that was Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s preference\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a frowning, serious woman. She was even frowning right now. She stood, hands on hips, that timeless pose of the woman waiting for an idiot, and she was frowning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She was frowning at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, what?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re carrying the Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He stood up and walked over to where Obo sat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or stood\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite sure how to define Obo in his vertical state. He was standing on his legs, but his legs were little more than his ass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Use the frame,\u8221\'94 Moteah said with a sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a wooden, L-shaped frame fitted with straps sitting next to Obo. It was the same device morning walkers used to haul sacks of grain to work off drought debt. Mandri tied Obo into it, and once done, he lifted it up and put it on. Thankfully, the frame was the perfect size for his scrawny back, and it even had a waist strap that pulled fast around his stomach, keeping Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s slight weight resting kindly on top of his hips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri bounced up and down to test his chewed up leg, and he was delighted to find that it was making a remarkable recovery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thought he\u8217\'92d be heavier,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you can carry more...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no. No. It\u8217\'92s more than heavy enough.\u8221\'94 Mandri made a show of shifting the weight on his shoulders. Moteah\u8217\'92s own pack was a huge, canvas wrapped lump in the shape of a giant bean, with the head of it looming over the puff of her hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How far is it,\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Bullr basin lies a hundred miles east of here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One hundred miles? That far?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was to start walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri followed after her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what, ten days?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It depends on Ayram,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Ten days for him would be slow. Have you ever walked for ten days straight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked to see if they were following one of the old charnel roads. If it was there he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see it, as there was no gentle hump in the earth stretching off into the horizon. It was flat, and even flatter further on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri returned to the subject of Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ugliness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her inner ugliness. He hadn\u8217\'92t seen it yet, but was determined to find it out, and an easy way to capture a thing like that was to ambush it. He waited for her to settle into the inertia of the journey, and then he pounced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who do you hate most?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face scrunched up in bewilderment, exactly what Mandri wanted. This was a tried and true method of finding a thread to pull. Everyone hates someone. Sometimes the question proved too open-ended, he\u8217\'92d have to ask about a specific person, and that would get anyone gossiping, which always tells as much about the person speaking than the person spoken of.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why would you ask that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems like there\u8217\'92s someone bothering you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair. But you know I\u8217\'92m talking about Moto, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She glanced at him, perhaps expecting to find a sense of shame, but Mandri had none.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a good thing that you\u8217\'92re out here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because the Sand is going to lick your spit until you\u8217\'92re dry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what that means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They walked in silence for a finger, and Mandri brooded over his failed attack. He supposed that what had gone wrong was that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d let her get away with pretending to be someone that she wasn\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, you don\u8217\'92t seem like you\u8217\'92ve been stuck out here long enough to be talking about the Sand like that. How did you end up out here anyways, you and Moto?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Amalgamete.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a different Amalgamete than the one we now hunt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s more than one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There will only be one in the end. There were many in ages before, and likely more will be born as the ages come, but as they find and swallow each other there will be only one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does that mean you\u8217\'92ve killed an Amalgamete already?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It hadn\u8217\'92t yet grown into godhood. This was five years ago, back when my grandfather\u8217\'92s tribe lived on the left bank of the Ganni.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A tribe called the Lamargi lived on the other side of the river. They were our enemies. We fought them every year when the redtrout swelled underneath the matted mudgrass which grew in the summer flood. We killed the Lamargi, and they killed us, all over fish. Thinking about it now, I can\u8217\'92t believe it. It was senseless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that uncommon a story,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Lamargi were Old, Old Jandri. They walked naked at night. By day, they wore nothing but hole-cut blankets. On the river they wore bark armor to ward off our slings and arrows.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A constant war,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered, as if he\u8217\'92d seen it himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was constant ambushes,\u8221\'94 Moteah corrected. \u8220\'93That breed of fight is worse than whatever happens in war. It was nastier, it was personal, and it never ended. It was always there. You didn\u8217\'92t feel safe washing your robes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s how blood feuds work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. Destructive, evil, horrible, it was all those things, and everyone knew it. It was a shame for all of us, though I suppose I was too young to ever truly hate the Lamargi. I never knew my uncles, and I never saw them die. My parents did. Moto did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does this have to do with an Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The only time we ever talked with the Lamargi was if either side sent a messenger across the river bearing the leg bone of a dead relative, and that leg bone had to be painted as white as Solraheen. To harm this messenger was to harm Solraheen. One day a Lamargi man swam across the river bearing a painted skull. We could hardly understand what he was saying, because the Lamargi spoke a sister tongue to Old Jandri. He only knew one Hrkan word, and that was \u8216\'91demons\u8217\'92. He\u8217\'92d brought the skull, pointed to it, and said, \u8216\'91Demon ugi\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 demon did it. He wanted us to follow him back across the river.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We sent Moto to go with him. Moto came back with a story we couldn\u8217\'92t believe, and so more of us went over. I was one of them. Two days of travel took us to the Lamargi village. The first of the dead I saw was an old man pinned to a thick wooden post. He\u8217\'92d been pinned by his own bones. Something had ripped off his arms, defleshed them, sharpened the bones, and then used them as pins. That was only the start of the slaughter. I won\u8217\'92t go into the rest of it. The children weren\u8217\'92t spared. The Lamargi man pointed each of his dead kin out, at least two hundred of them, and each time, he said, \u8216\'91Demon ugi\u8230\'85demon ugi\u8230\'85demon ugi\u8230\'85\u8217\'92 The last hut we entered was his king\u8217\'92s. The Lamargi throne was a plain wooden chair that sat a little higher than the others. It was empty. Our guide pointed to it and he said, \u8216\'91Demon agi\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which means, \u8216\'91demon is\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was saying his king was a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The story we pieced together was that his king had been ill for some time, and nearing death, the man made a pact with evil to destroy my tribe, but as always happens, evil worked against him. Elrahet says that an Amalgamete is born when a man sells himself to hate, and that is what happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We set out with the last Lamargi to hunt this evil, but we never found it. We should have, but we were stupid. We didn\u8217\'92t know at the time what an Amalgamete was. It didn\u8217\'92t occur to us that the creature hadn\u8217\'92t finished its mission.  We had no idea what waited for us when we crossed the river and returned home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered, fearing what was coming next. Moteah paused her story to push down the sob rising in her throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My village was destroyed,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Dead everywhere. Half the people were missing. Any hope for survivors was dashed when we found\u8230\'85I can only describe it as a man with a belly as big as he was. It was the Lamargi king. He was passed out near the center of the village next to a pile of bodies. Each of those dead bodies was missing their stomach. The Lamargi king had eaten them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were able to kill him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto cut off his head. When Elrahet heard the story she said that it would have been the smallest Amalgamete she\u8217\'92d ever seen. An Amalgamete consumes Sparks, and as it does, its stomach grows, and the big ones can birth demons. The Amalgamete we killed was too small to give birth, and good thing too, because if it were any larger, we might not have been able to pierce its skin. If an Amalgamete gets big enough, it can\u8217\'92t be killed. It takes the power of a god.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But the gods are dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why we need the Mazid, and that\u8217\'92s why we need you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri mulled the story over, and he felt a sense of solidarity with Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cause rise inside him. Her story was a human story, a tragedy hard to hear, and even harder for her to tell even if she had pulled through it admirably. But there was still something gnawing at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo tells me that I\u8217\'92m not cut out to be a Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He would say Ayram wasn\u8217\'92t strong enough to wield him. If no one can Mind him, then the only solution is for him to receive a Spark. Don\u8217\'92t worry about what a Mazid says. Don\u8217\'92t worry about what }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 I }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 say. You need to focus on yourself. Stop worrying about what everybody else thinks.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You people cut off my hand. Elrahet threatens to kill me if I can\u8217\'92t do it. How am I supposed to not worry?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, that\u8217\'92s the dumbest thing I\u8217\'92ve ever heard.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah stopped walking, and when she huffed, Mandri did the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 she said sharply. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been wronged. What do you want to do about it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I\u8217\'92m honest, what I want to do is leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She smiled in mild amusement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve always been allowed to leave, but you haven\u8217\'92t and you won\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can walk away? Right now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s what you want to do, then do it. The Sand is yours.\u8221\'94 She gestured wide to the empty landscape. The sun was half-set behind them, and their long shadows jutted out into the west like knives biting at Elrahet and Moto\u8217\'92s feet. \u8220\'93If you want to walk away, then do it. Assert yourself like a Minder. Maybe you\u8217\'92ll wander into the Amalgamete and kill it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More likely I\u8217\'92ll die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not why you won\u8217\'92t leave,\u8221\'94 Moteah said confidently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She then pointed over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, to an isolated patch of nearby scrub bush. Zooming around the bush\u8217\'92s wild branches was a swarm of pinprick dots. There were so many tiny flies that it looked like the bush had a misty, black aura. He could hear the faint hiss of their flapping wings from where he stood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only Solraheen knows how many hook flies are over there. Why are they over there? They can go anywhere\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they can crawl into any hole, they can fly in every direction, they can explore the entire world and see sights unseen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but they don\u8217\'92t. They hover in that small, boring spot of air out here in the desert. Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he braced himself for another bit of folksy outland wisdom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hook flies swarm like that because that\u8217\'92s what they want to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah gave Mandri a considerate smile of unquestionable sincerity. Then she resumed her journey, leaving Mandri standing stock still, gawking at those stupid flies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like most figures of speech, Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s analogy had a surface charm that suggested a deeper truth, but it completely broke down upon further investigation. There must be a reason those flies were flying around in a ball, a reason which went beyond base fulfillment. Perhaps there were more primal interests at play. Maybe they\u8217\'92d found water there in that bush, or food, or the bush broke the breeze making it easier to fly in the first place. Most likely it was about sex. They bunch up into a cloud like that because it is the easiest way to bump their stiff little uglies into something that makes them feel alive. Maybe one could say that still lines up with Moteah\u8217\'92s notion of want, but Mandri didn\u8217\'92t get the feeling that\u8217\'92s what she meant. In fact, these Ayramun were the least lascivious group of people he\u8217\'92d ever known\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92d not seen a single lip-licking wink between any of them, and he had been looking carefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She called back to him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t fall behind!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He called back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to pee.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah hiked her bean-bag pack further up on her shoulders and continued on. Her pack was so large that it had its own momentum, and she had to move slowly and build up speed until the pack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s forward motion began to sustain itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The very moment she was out of whisper range, Obo started wiggling around in his seat, and he issued a muffled plea to have his gag removed. Mandri groaned and reached back and slipped the knot that kept Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gag fastened tight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t she interesting,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not really,\u8221\'94 said Mandri, lying. \u8220\'93What makes you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re all interesting. I wonder if they\u8217\'92re a death cult.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A death cult?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked, concerned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bright voice tilted with excitement as he explained. \u8220\'93They match the pattern\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the way they handled those giant corpses inside of Minting Rock, and the way they gathered up those who fell in battle, Hrk and Ayramun alike, into one big pile. Most would keep them separate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That pile of bodies was supposed to be a sphere,\u8221\'94 said Mandri as he recalled the back-breaking work he\u8217\'92d done to make it happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That fits. Compress them all into a tight ball, for in death all Sparks will be joined together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri shrugged and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killing everyone would bring peace on earth, wouldn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 And suddenly, he had to pee. As he relieved himself, a small brown lizard came crawling out of the sand to lick at the beads of urine that splashed down. As soon as it realized the liquid wasn\u8217\'92t water, it scurried back down into the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But if they want everything to die, then why try to kill the Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because Death cults will kill each other as much as anyone else. I\u8217\'92m sure that even amongst the darker forces, there are schisms. They probably kill each other for the right to kill everyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many Ayramun did they start out with? Fifty?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I believe it was forty-three.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scanned the horizon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was wide open space in every direction. There weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any hills to hide behind, but the shadows behind every bush were dark as Fabled Black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you say to walking off in a different direction?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think you are actually allowed to leave, and if you were, I doubt they\u8217\'92d be happy if you took me with you. I think the correct decision here is to continue on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri wiggled his member and dropped his robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it be said that I think this is all a bad idea.\u8221\'94}}