{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When humanity was young and most were living in dens like lizards, the people who called themselves the Solgruin were building civilization. They built the first canals and the first sustenance fields, and they measured these fields six by one against the banks of the Solket river, all plotted out in the first cadastral texts. They domesticated the first plow oxen, grew the first harvests, relished in the first age of plenty, and this was all followed by the first catastrophic drought, and then the first stretch of worn-out land, and then came the first law of fallow. This was all a long, long time before rest of Old Jandri toddled to its feet, and it was a time that history would have forgot if not for the fires that burned Solgruin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s city down, for among the buildings burned that day was a warehouse that held thousands of scribal tablets whose clay was set to be repurposed for practical use. The fire baked those tablets into bricks for once and for all, and so an accidental library survived the crumbling ruin. One of the stories that survived  was the story of the creation of the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One day, Solgruin petitioners went to the temple of Solraheen, for He dwelt among them then, and outside the veil of His bedchamber, they sang their complaint to Him in structured verse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was proper etiquette to address the Creator with song, even if all you were doing was complaining about how the Goree mountains were too difficult to hike. The Solgruin were set on the western side of the Goree, and eastern Jandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t far away by land, yet because of the Goree\u8217\'92s impenetrable physique the only way to get there was by boat, a five day journey around the southern horn. The ferrymen charged extortionate prices. It was too great a burden. The petitioner\u8217\'92s song ended by requesting, humbly, for Solraheen to part the mountains and join the two halves of the Jandri world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When Solraheen asked why they would want to go to eastern Jandri, and the Solgruin were too ashamed to answer, for it was gold that they sought. Solraheen had seen through their pretensions and denied their request.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A few hundred years later, the Solgruin forgot that Solraheen refused their forebears, and they went to Him a second time to ask, humbly, if He might part the mountains. This generation was more honest in their request, as they made clear their desires\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they wanted to walk their caravans into eastern Jandri, that they might trade with the budding cities of Jeket, Shagota, and Zos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Again, Solraheen denied them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Time passed, the Solket river dwindled,and the Solgruin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crops failed, and worse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Solraheen dwelt there for only one month out of every year. Again, a new generation rose up and went before Him and asked if He might part the mountains.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This third time, Solraheen answered with action. He walked to the mountains, climbed the tallest peak, and there he stomped on the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back and broke it. A great fissure opened up in the earth, making the way traversable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yet the Solgruin did not rejoice, for when Solraheen showed them what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done, He said to them, \u8220\'93Look upon this scar which mars My creation and lament your selfish ways. This mountain impeded your comings and goings, and so you sought to destroy it. Now, it is destroyed and so is its beauty. Cursed are you who pass through it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This story is taught in every Solitant church because the story\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 true}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  lesson is not obvious, and the process of discovering that lesson is meant to be a stepping stone to prepare inquiring minds for the more unintuitive theologies, where common sense and logic will only arrive at the incorrect conclusions. On the surface it seems the story is straightforward\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it warns against self-centeredness. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how a child understands the story\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s a warning to never put your own desires above Solraheen\u8217\'92s, else you might become cursed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But that understanding was wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Selfishness is good.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This might tangle up the quest to abolish the self, but again, logic and reason are deceitful things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A venerable old priest tried to explain it to young Mandri once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are making a category error,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Our Spark\u8217\'92s desires }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desires. We are His tools, and a tool is an expression of purpose. So long as they are not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  desires, but your }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 Spark\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  desires, you are free to be as selfish as you wish.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri would have asked how the old man distinguished between the two, and why the old man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark felt compelled to visit a whore house every evening, but he was too young then to see through the masks of the elderly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandrameen liked the story of the Goree Pass for completely different reasons. There was something special in it for him, because for him, it justified the act of ripping up a painting to spite a client, just as Solraheen ripped up the Goree to spite the Solgruin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only ever done it once, but what a glorious once it was. He\u8217\'92d spent a week and a small fortune painting this particular painting, and he destroyed it because the woman who\u8217\'92d commissioned it said she wouldn\u8217\'92t pay unless he put a dog in the foreground shadow. The painting\u8217\'92s subject was the rape of Belsurnag, set in the receiving room of the barbarian King Huldoloon. The client wanted Mandri to put a smiling dog in the foreground. This wasn\u8217\'92t some clever metaphorical bent, she wanted Mandrameen to paint her own, small, shaggy lapdog as a kind of private aside, a conversation starter, so that when people would go to her house and see the beautiful Belsurnag being ravaged by a proto-Hrkan Lord on the richly patterned carpet, their eyes would stumble over the brown, shaggy creature sitting there on a lacquered chair and say, \u8220\'93That looks just like your Pookum!\u8221\'94, and the woman would say, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because it is my Pookum!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri could have found a different buyer, but in the moment he was overcome with resentment. As his fingers tore the canvas an unfamiliar euphoria coursed through his veins. He tore the painting completely in half, right there in front of that cursed woman. The shock and horror on her face was cathartic. Then came her anger. Her voice pitched up into the hysterics.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 wrong }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 with you!?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If Mandri had the power, the gumption, he would have killed that woman, just as Solraheen killed all those who journeyed the Goree Pass. Well, He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t kill them, He cursed them. Curses, it turns out, does little to dissuade people. After all, here they were, the Ayramun, Mandrameen himself, venturing south in the cold morning shadow of the Goree mountains, headed for the pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 According to Moto, the Greskalun made their home inside the pass itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Either there was no curse and the story was only a story, or maybe the Solitants were right about not taking the surface meaning too seriously. Or, and this is what Moto believed, the curse was only meant for the Solgruin. Everyone else could do what they want.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb gestured grandly to the brightening sky and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could such a place be cursed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Aside from the morning chill, it was clean, easy going. To the right was the open desert, further out was the black sea that was the Tib. To the left were the Goree mountains, though they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really mountains in the traditional sense, they were smooth, swooping, terraced walls of red sandstone, a thousand staggered plateaus looking like squat redoubts, each a link in a continental fortress built by Solraheen to hold back the Tib from spreading out of control. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The further south they walked, the clearer Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spite became, for the ground under Mandri\u8217\'92s feet grew uneven, and rocks popped up out of the sand like roots to trip him. The Goree\u8217\'92s walls grew more worn and pitted, and soon, there were jagged, fern-like cracks which radiated up from the ground. These cracks had long been rubbed smooth, an eon of blasting sand had rounded their edges, pillowed the seams, giving them the appearance of bloated infection. Mandri\u8217\'92s bright mood dimmed at the sight of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was quite apparent that the place was truly cursed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Soon the Goree Pass was sighted in the distant south. It was a dark and sloping cut in the face of the Goree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wall. A black splinter poked up out of it, and Ayram informed the rest that this splinter was a tower, a central column in an ancient fortification which spanned the breadth of the pass\u8217\'92s mouth, protecting against ancient evils. The Greskalun lived in it now, and had done so for centuries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram led them straight for it, or as straight a path as he could manage considering they were wandering through a debris field from a mountain cleft exploding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is rock vomit,\u8221\'94 said Seb. He was walking alongside Mandri and Obo. His gums squelched on a borcandi spine. \u8220\'93Solraheen punched the gut of the mountain, and the mountain spat these big rocks out. Can ya believe it? Like pissin\u8217\'92 stones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a peculiar talent for imagery,\u8221\'94 said Obo as he bounced along in his litter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scattered boulders were indeed a disquieting sight. The amount of power needed to lift them up, let alone toss them this far out would have been indescribable. It would have been unbelievable if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Solraheen who\u8217\'92d done it. Mandri imagined Solraheen standing up there on the tallest plateau, His figure a radiant white speck outshining the sun, his rainbowed rays filtering through the dusty wind, and, well, a god such as He wouldn\u8217\'92t need to strike the earth to split it, it would be enough for Him to stamp His intention into the dirt, and the rest of creation would manifest His will. All it would take is a tap of the toe for Him to set the fount of creation under the earth bubbling, the mountains quaking, and then the earth\u8217\'92s crust would burst open, sending stones the size of houses miles into the air. A long sliver of the mountain reduced to rubble and spat out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 vomited out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 onto the desert plain in the blink of an eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri supposed he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the only one feeling small, for most of the Ayramun walked in reverential silence. Even Ayram walked with a bowed head, though this pious bend could be attributed to the strain of his pack and the long journey bearing on him. Moteah\u8217\'92s face was alight in anxious wonder as her eyes took in the scale of it all. Purl was ashen-faced whispering to herself. There was a spring in Moto\u8217\'92s step, like his feet had found their home. Elrahet was the same as she\u8217\'92d always been\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 angry and quiet. Meanwhile Seb was chewing his borcandi spines so hard that his jaw was going stiff and he had to sort of rub them between his teeth instead of chew. And the man wasn\u8217\'92t paying attention to where he was spitting his juice. Halfway up a light scramble up to a shelf of rock, he hocked a particularly dreadful wad of spit onto Moto\u8217\'92s heel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do that again,\u8221\'94 Moto said, \u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92ll be scraping your face off a rock with your kneecaps.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb lifted himself up onto even ground. The two shared a long, sizing stare. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you disrespect me like that,\u8221\'94 said Seb. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me disrespect }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You threaten a man with his kneecaps, that\u8217\'92s disrespectful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You spit on my foot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was an accident!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m telling you, if you do it again, I\u8217\'92m going to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quiet!\u8221\'94 Ayram barked. He doubled back to make sure he was listened to. \u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t want the Greskalun to think we\u8217\'92re idiots, do we?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both men shook their heads.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said sternly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody talks from here on out. Except Elrahet. When we\u8217\'92re done with what we came to do, you two can stab each other in the belly as many times as you like.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So the Hrks are coming today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said nobody talks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s deep voice rumbled Mandri to his core, but Obo was not so affected. He added, from behind Mandri\u8217\'92s ear, \u8220\'93Oh, the Hrks will be on us today, I\u8217\'92m sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram startled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can sense the Hrks? They\u8217\'92re here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can, but the Hrks aren\u8217\'92t who you should be worried about. It\u8217\'92s the Greskalun. Something\u8217\'92s happened to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The creature seeks to stall us,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled. \u8220\'93This is its final hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grave visage lingered on Obo, then he muttered a curse under his breath and he set off again towards the pass, this time more cautiously, peeking out from behind boulders, and climbing upon them to look for the Hrks, who should be behind them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By now the curse of the Goree was getting to Mandri. He could not shake this foreboding feeling that this once living mountain was now dead and rotted through. The closer to the pass they came, the more the rock of the mountain was split into smaller shards and scattered about like the leavings of flies beside a carcass. Most of these shards could hardly be called rock because they were as friable as the hardtack Mandri was munching on. They crushed easily underfoot, and the larger stones were as diseased\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when Mandri set his hand to brace himself against a boulder, his palm punched a dent in it, as if the stone were a giant lump of crusty, moldy, hollowed out bread. And though the depths of the pass were hidden around a bend, the curse was there all the same, marked by that black tower poking out into the air like a splinter stuck in a wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 If that tower had a truer name than \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Western Tower\u8217\'92, Mandri did not catch it among the nervous whispers of the Ayramun. An uneasiness had settled in amongst them ever since Obo\u8217\'92s grim pronouncement. Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t worried as much about the Greskalun, he just didn\u8217\'92t like towers. Towers, as a general rule, were evil. A tower could be built of the purest marble and haloed by the sun, but there was always the question of what someone could be doing to warrant such elevated privacy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing good. A short, makeshift wooden watchtower on tribal frontiers was the only legitimate use of a tower. Everything else was a cover for ill intention, or otherwise monuments to human hubris, and this Western Tower, black and dreadful as it was, was a striking example of both.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ill intentions?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was black. No bright Spark ever builds in black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Monument to hubris? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The central task of a monument is to look like it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t belong. The tall spike of a tower did this quite comfortably.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri thought he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d die on the approach, for the brittle rock slopes threatened to come galloping down upon him every time a lizard stirred from its nook. And it wasn\u8217\'92t possible to keep away from the rocks. Ayram was too concerned with not being seen by their invisible Hrkan pursuit. He pioneered a course that led up into these crumbling mounds. Mandri wondered why keeping out of sight mattered if the Hrks could track Obo without seeing him, but he didn\u8217\'92t ask.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He kept quiet because that was the rule.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everyone kept quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whatever cheer they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d mustered for making it out of the Tib was well and truly gone. All eyes and ears were preoccupied with finding proof that Obo was wrong about \u8216\'91something happening\u8217\'92 to the Greskalun. They went on like this for half a hand, until they rounded a red-shale strewn corner and the Goree pass opened up before them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Tall, black stone walls sprawled across the gap. The great tower stood proudly, right in the middle. There was no sign of any people, no trickle of caravan hands passing into the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth, though the gate in the tower\u8217\'92s base was wide open. There were no lights in the tower\u8217\'92s windows. There were no heads peeking over the walls. There were no banners hanging on poles or smelly black smoke from cow dung fires. It seemed, at first glance, that Obo was right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something had happened to the Greskalun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram summoned Moto with a brusque jerk of his bearded chin. A few whispered instructions later, and Moto climbed down onto the road proper and hustled off towards the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow, hand clasping his scabbard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe they all retreated into their sanctuary.\u8221\'94 Seb was so stressed out that he was chewing two spines at once and his words were garbled by a slosh of spit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Retreated from what?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Seb said defensively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe it's pox,\u8221\'94 said Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went bright with revelation. \u8220\'93That could be it! It\u8217\'92s happened before, right? That\u8217\'92s what they do whenever the pox gets on them, they run back into their sanctuary and stay put \u8216\'91til it all blows over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s the sign of fire?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked. \u8220\'93If it was the pox, they would have burned everything they could, not carried it off.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think we should go in,\u8221\'94 Purl said, before stating the obvious, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You guys know the story about how the Goree Pass was created, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we know,\u8221\'94 Moteah groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wasn\u8217\'92t sure. It just seems plainly obvious to me that this place is cursed, and has been since forever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not cursed,\u8221\'94 said Ayram with all the certainty of a big man who knows. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only cursed if you\u8217\'92re Solgruin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As if to prove him wrong, a black vulture, which had been sitting in the shadow of the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pointed roof, squawked and took flight. It spread its long wings and soared, caught a thermal, and rode it high up into the air, where it wheeled around in circles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only a bird,\u8221\'94 Ayram muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two more vultures melted out of the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow and wheeled up into the air. They joined their brother in his holding pattern, and their wheezing screeches filtered down through the distance to reach Mandri\u8217\'92s ears like hissing whispers. If he didn\u8217\'92t know any better he would have thought it was the haggard voices of the rocks echoing Solraheen\u8217\'92s ancient curse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s turn to say it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The place is cursed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If curses worked, the Hrkan Lords would have choked in their sleep a long, long time ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The mood was affecting even Ayram, though this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a great surprise to Mandri. The strongest men are perhaps the most frightened by magic. A curse from a god was not something he could kill with his spear. And now that the Greskalun were missing, so was the illusion of his control. He marched over to Mandri, and Mandri flinched, fearing he\u8217\'92d done or said something wrong. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take off your pack,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled. Mandri did as he was told and swung Obo\u8217\'92s litter off his shoulders. Ayram grabbed it, set it down, and he squatted next to it so he could get a good clear look at Obo\u8217\'92s face. He said, \u8220\'93Did the Hrks kill the Greskalun?\u8221\'94 There was no room in his tone for games.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram growled a disbelieving grunt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should stop blaming the Hrkan world for all your problems. I know you outland pokes abhor personal responsibility, but really, there comes a point when\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Hrks are the only ones who could have pushed the Greskalun out of that tower.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All the same, the Hrks didn\u8217\'92t do it. The Goree pass is not yet in sight of the Hrkan Lords.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl snapped at that remark and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything is in sight of the Lords.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe so,\u8221\'94 Obo sighed. \u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t suppose that any of you have an appreciation for how much grain it takes to sustain a fortification of that size? This surrounding area isn\u8217\'92t exactly fertile land, is it? If any of you were students of history, you might know that anytime there\u8217\'92s a drought in the river plain to the south, this tower is the first to feel it. I suspect that\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s happened here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Greskalun began to starve and simply moved on to greener pastures.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stirred from where she leaned against a boulder. The journey had truly worn her down. Her words came from her throat against their words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gresh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hghhmmm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Greskal would not abandon the pass,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As may be,\u8221\'94 Obo said, \u8220\'93But hunger makes people act out of character.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Greskal\u8217\'92s line has a sacred duty. They would not leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo looked at Elrahet with a challenging glare. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think a person }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  willing to do when hunger sets in?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram, still squatting and staring intently at the Mazid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s visage, said, \u8220\'93Greskal and his kin aren\u8217\'92t soft-bellied Hrks. They know hunger. They know suffering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then you should have no issue accepting that \u8216\'91soft-bellied Hrks\u8217\'92 would never come for a place like this. If there was an extensive system of support, perhaps\u8230\'85If you are asking me if there are Hrkans waiting behind those walls to ambush you as soon as you step through that gate, I can say with certainty that they are not there. But I do think your instincts are correct\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what lies behind those walls is not something we should wish to encounter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb spat in Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s general direction. The loogie just missed Obo\u8217\'92s litter and splatted harmlessly in the dirt. \u8220\'93Them Greskalun could still be those mountains. Pox, or drought, it don\u8217\'92t matter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when things go bad for them, they run to Shulgi. That\u8217\'92s what they do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 said Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or maybe not,\u8221\'94 Obo said, suggesting he knew better. Instead of explaining, he wriggled around in his litter, his elbows stretching his swaddling fabric as he twisted around. Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t help but chuckle at the sight of it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he looked like a toddler trying to roll over, trying to get comfortable for a nap. With effort, Obo poked the stub of his arm up and out of the neck of his tightly wrapped robe, and he used it to widen the opening so that he could stick his whole handless arm through. Once done, he reached out behind him and nudged something into view. It was a bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where did you get that?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was sitting here,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93Not the first one I\u8217\'92ve seen. Honestly, I\u8217\'92m surprised you all missed it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo pushed the bone out before him, so that all could see. It was the upper half of a leg bone, ball-jointed, broken roughly in the middle, distinctively human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93Is a clue to the fate of your Greskalun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stomped over and nudged it with his toe. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You find one bone and you think them dead? One bone on the ground? A bone on the ground ain\u8217\'92t unusual. Where else are you expecting to find a bone? Find it floating in the air and maybe you\u8217\'92d have something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let him speak,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo nudged the bone so that it tipped over. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is an unusual fracture, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He rubbed his pale, nubby wrist along the length of the fracture. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a clean fracture, it was a splintered fracture which stretched almost along the whole length of it, leaving the upturned half to look like an open tube.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It's a broken bone,\u8221\'94 Seb said, unimpressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Breaking a bone lengthwise like this is not easy. If it were snapped in two like a dry twig, that\u8217\'92s how bones naturally break. A break like this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s not likely to happen accidentally.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram reached down and picked it up. In his giant, probing paws the bone looked like a child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. He said, \u8220\'93If your point is that this person was killed, that\u8217\'92s not unusual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought violence wasn\u8217\'92t allowed in the pass,\u8221\'94 Mandri said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not in the pass,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo shrugged and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoever it was, however they died, that\u8217\'92s not what is significant.\u8221\'94 He pointed to a purplish discoloration nearer the joint. \u8220\'93See this splotch here? This bone is not old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what?\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93A recent killing. It doesn\u8217\'92t explain why a thousand somethin\u8217\'92 Greskalun are missing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t simply a killing,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93A blow to the leg would not crack the bone like that. Sure, it could happen, but the chances of that occurring are exceedingly slim.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get on with it,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen material like this in a late Old Jandri ruin. A collapsed society. Too many people and not enough bread, and so the people started eating other people. You see, that is the kind of fracture a cannibal makes when he wants to open the bone up so that he can gnaw on the spongy marrow inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind ran awash with images of an animal man gnawing on that bone as if it were an ear of corn, with strings of fat and tendon getting caught in the gaps of his teeth. Ayram seemed to do the same, for he held the bone out away from him as if it were diseased and the thirst for flesh could rub off on him like a plague.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet waddled over and yanked the bone from his grip. She tested the sharpness of the break with the tip of her finger, and her eyes narrowed at the thickness of it. She thumbed the open groove, and she held it up to squint inside the open socket. Once satisfied, she dropped the bone onto the sand, right in front of Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This wasn\u8217\'92t the work of man,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 highly}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  doubt a lizard could do this.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look!\u8221\'94 shouted Purl. She was pointing towards the tower, and there was Moto, running out of the tower\u8217\'92s gate back towards them, running at full speed, frenetic, as if he were being chased, but he was alone with his kicked up dust in the wide mouth of the empty pass. When he arrived, breathless and wild-eyed, he did not wait for any questions. He simply said to Ayram, \u8220\'93There is something you need to see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Greskalun?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no Greskalun, that much I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forget about the Hrks. There\u8217\'92s something you need to see!\u8221\'94 He looked over his shoulder and grimaced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pick up the Mazid\u8221\'94 Ayram said to Mandri, and with that it was decided\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayram would lead them all into the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At pace they came to the tower and its gate. The tower, which had seemed sturdy from afar, was ancient and cobbled, and bowing every so slightly out. Bricks bulged, some were twisted, some seem to have been pulled halfway out by magic. The gate underneath it was ten-men wide, and its arch was fanged by metal teeth which hung ominously above Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head. The tunnel itself was as large as the hall of the Hrkan prince, big enough to turn the sound of Ayram\u8217\'92s iron spear thumping against the hard dirt ground into an echo. Aside from this metronomic beat, they passed through this dark in silence, casting wary glances at each large door frame pocketed against the gate\u8217\'92s long tunnel. , drifts of sand sagging against each frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stopped at the end of the tunnel, just before entering into the sunlight. He looked back to all who followed, and a shadow of shadows passed over his dark face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The tunnel emptied out into a broad, pale-brick courtyard as old as the tower itself, grooved by centuries of wagon wheels wearing ruts into it, grooves that tracked all the way up the gently rising slope and into the darkness that was the Goree Pass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This courtyard was run through with wooden poles, each thick as a cow\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly and twice taller than Ayram. They stuck out of the ground like an errant volley of arrows, and wrapped around them were the bodies of men and women so brutalized that their forms blurred the lines between flesh, blood, and seeping exudate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a desecration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cursed heaps of tortured flesh and tortured Sparks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Such was the defilement that curses leapt into Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind as readily as the sight of the profane sculptures themselves. The horror robbed him of his sense of the future, and it sent his stomach into a terrible, growling fit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The nearest wretch was but five yards away\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a man, who like most of them, was robed in the tatters of the honeyed yellow haircloth habit of a devout Solitant pilgrim. Honeyed yellow, the color of peace and unassumption. A rope of thorns bound his hip and chest tight to the pole, leaving his mangled limbs dangling in the air and his pulped face, bloated and boneless, lolling in an open-mouthed, buck-toothed snore while the broken pottery that was his skull was kept together by nothing but the grace of god.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri knew enough to know that the injuries inflicted on this poor man had special significance. In the darker halls of Hrkan lords there hung portraits of martyrs which made rich use of similar tortures. Mandri never paid them much mind because it was easy to believe that to gaze upon such sights was dangerous. And here he was, standing before thirty of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe there were fifty\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to count would require the use of reason and reason had abandoned this place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The clearest statement that Mandri could interpret here, aside from the plain blasphemy of it, lay in the chain wrapped tight around the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a chain so thin and so tight that Mandri couldn\u8217\'92t actually see it because the raw skin folded over it. Nonetheless, Mandri knew it was there and he knew what it was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was meant to bind the treacherous throat of a heretic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That was the least of the indignities done to this man. His scalp was crudely shaved, chunked and bleeding, though a ring of hair was left to fashion a gleaming madman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crown. His eyes had been gouged out, and the dark, bloody sockets were smeared with ash. His groin had been the target of the most shameful play. Every limb was bent and twisted, and every single one of the poor souls littered about the courtyard had been bent and twisted in precisely the same way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo, with the use of his newly freed arm, hauled himself up onto Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder to see for himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess we know what happened to the Greskalun. They went insane.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not know one could hate a Hrkan pilgrim this deeply.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Ayramun were slow to recover from the wilting shock of the scene. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Neither Moto nor Moteah could bear to look for longer than a heartbeat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl sank to her knees, half in prayer, half in buckling despair. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb, a man who could not stand still, was standing as still as a dormouse caught in the eye of a hawk. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The witch Elrahet must have sensed the evil presence of the scene for she had not made it through the tunnel. She was sitting deep inside its shadow and was sitting, hunched, on an inset doorstep. Only the outline of her robe-wrapped knees could be seen against the expanse of the red desert beyond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Only Ayram seemed unperturbed. He stood, back straight as ever, and the great pack on his shoulders seemed weightless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto said to him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you\u8217\'92d want to see for yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram cast an appraising eye back at his mournful band.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew Greskal hated the Hrks, but I didn\u8217\'92t think he had this in him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His remark startled Seb back into his skin. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who cares if a few god-botherin\u8217\'92 Hrks got what was comin\u8217\'92 to \u8216\'91em? Besides, there\u8217\'92s nothin\u8217\'92 we can do for \u8216\'91em \u8216\'91cause we got the rest of Hrk on our backs. We need to be movin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And go where?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb looked at Moteah like she was the dumbest person in the world. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We go find the Greskalun!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are no Greskalun!\u8221\'94 Moteah shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who did all this?\u8221\'94 Seb asked as he gestured broadly at the carnage. \u8220\'93Greskal ain\u8217\'92t the only man who hates Hrks this much, but damn it if he ain\u8217\'92t one of \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Seb could squeeze in another word, Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worn-out drawl came magnified out of the tunnel behind them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moteah\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 she said. Her gravelly voice stunned them all back into silence. \u8220\'93Greskal would never do a thing like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, like everyone else, spun around and peered dumbly into the darkness of the tunnel after her. Elrahet gave a rattling sigh, and she stood up, leaning on her walking stick. If before her verve was waning, it was now well and truly gone. She walked towards the courtyard with a hobbling hitch that was not there before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They must have sensed the panic,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It seemed all her joints were aching as she lurched. It was as if every long year of her life was suddenly set upon her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not Greskal\u8217\'92s panic, no, that wouldn\u8217\'92t have been enough. The panic of the age\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s what gets their stomachs growling. Always does.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stepped into the light of the courtyard and surveyed the carnage with a hateful glare.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you sense it, Mazid? You have sharpened senses. Can you sense the panic? Or have you been swimming in it so long that you can\u8217\'92t tell it\u8217\'92s there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can tell when someone\u8217\'92s pissed themselves, if that\u8217\'92s what you\u8217\'92re asking?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93PANIC!\u8221\'94 Elrahet screamed. \u8220\'93Panic sets their stomachs growling. Panic wakes them up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wakes who up?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip curled to reveal a snaggletooth grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Demons,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The word zipped past Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ear like an arrow aimed for his head, and he felt, somehow, like he\u8217\'92d just dodged another death. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This was demons that did this,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re talking about, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 demon}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  demons?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there any other kind?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had to stop himself from saying that there were, indeed, many other kinds. People could be demons, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not an uncommon figure of speech. People could have done this. Or, people infested with demons, that\u8217\'92s not unheard of either. A }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 demon}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  demon, a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  demon, yes he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen one, but a crowd of them rollicking around on the surface and snatching up innocent Sparks, that was the kind of thing that belonged to bygone ages and bedtime stories.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked for holes in the courtyard floor where winged demonic terrors might have come bursting up through brick, but there were none. There was no cackling laughter in the distance, no claw-marks, no hoof-prints. He wanted to point all of this out and demand that Elrahet recant her claim, but what kind of person would he be then, to correct a witch on the matter of demons? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Only Seb shared his questioning posture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t no demons,\u8221\'94 Seb muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb,\u8221\'94 said Moteah, voice threaded with hostility. \u8220\'93If }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think that demons did this, then that\u8217\'92s proof enough that they did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram, still composed, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll do what we can for them, then we leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb raised voice and declared, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There ain\u8217\'92t nothin\u8217\'92 we can do for \u8216\'91em!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet. \u8220\'93First time in his dumb life, but he\u8217\'92s right. There\u8217\'92s nothing we can do for these people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dead is dead,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, they aren\u8217\'92t dead,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet with a sneer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri looked with fresh horror upon the nearest pilgrim, and what he saw was death. Death was becoming a familiar sight to him, and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen enough to know that humans were fragile things, and this man had been brutalized beyond comprehension. There was no way he could still be alive. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri willed himself to look closer. The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wounds were quite peculiar. The rubbed raw skin on the outside of his thigh, for example, was no mere abrasion. Lighter pink rings of fresh skin circumscribed a freshly festering, leaking scab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fresh skin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Freshly grown\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Well, the flesh might still be alive, but Mandri had seen a chicken running without a head before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He took a step closer, and as he did, the pilgrim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haircloth habit shuddered, his head jerked back and his tongue reached out of his open mouth, trying to find the slightest sip of a breath through his chained throat and shattered ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93MANDRI! STOP!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri froze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The command had come from Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her knobby finger was pointing at a thin line of blood sprinkled on the ground. It was fresh blood, blood that should have seeped into the brick and stained it, or otherwise been lapped up by the sun, and yet there it was, ravishing red, and it ran in a circle around the pilgrim\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The toe of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoe was almost touching it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He jumped back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everyone was staring at him like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d put that pilgrim up on that pole himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would that have been bad?\u8221\'94 he asked, pointing at the bloody circle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, \u8220\'93It would not have been a great loss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that she turned and began to hobble back into the tunnel. When no one made an immediate move to follow, she stopped and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should do what we can for them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We could kill them,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93That would put an end to this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Elrahet stopped again and sighed. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Their very Sparks are bound to the poles. Death, for them, is impossible.\u8221\'94 She stamped her impatience into the ground with her cane and repeated, \u8220\'93We must leave at once.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto was the first to follow. Then Ayram and Purl. Mandri joined them in the shadow of the tower and was glad to be gone from that courtyard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re goin\u8217\'92 back!? What about the Greskalun?\u8221\'94 He pointed with a jabbing, open hand towards the Goree pass, as if the Greskalun were right there and Elrahet only had to squint a little to see them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah brushed past him and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are no Greskalun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stood his ground. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  that til we go and have a look! We at least got to try.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s demons!\u8221\'94 said Moto.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t be worse than Hrks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As soon as the words had left his mouth, there came from the distant west a sharp and roaring bleat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Hrkan horn of war.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEEooooooooooooooooooo}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The call sent a shiver of surprise through the tunnel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There in the far distance was a horse andrider, galloping around from the right, around the sprawling edge of the Pass\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shattered stones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The horse, white as bone, came stumbling to a stop and reared up almost to the point of no control. The rider, little more than a speck so far away, was a man as dark as Moto and clad in the familiar blue robe of a Hrkan scribe. He shouted a command to his beast to settle it down, and all the while his face was trained on the tunnel where Mandri and the Ayramun stood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was already running back through the courtyard. He was halfway up into the pass proper when he stopped and waved for everyone to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damnit, come on!\u8221\'94 he urged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram unshouldered his great pack and tossed it to the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrkan rider, still alone, was now trotting towards the tower. Though he was still far away, all could see that in his hand was a sword, for he held it high so that the silver blade and golden guard caught the glare of the pre-noon sun. When he had covered a quarter of the distance, he halted his horse, barked some indiscernible word, and then, with a sweeping flourish, threw his sword onto the sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto saw the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sign and gaped in disbelief. \u8220\'93He wants to bargain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrkan horn sounded out again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEeeeeoooooooooooooooooooooo}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 From around the Pass\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s northern shelf came a column of white robed soldiers. At their head was a small child robed in black\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Mazidariga. They came to a halt just behind the scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl glanced behind her at Seb and the corpses. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do we do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo perked up and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That Riga out there could have whistled out my will-less Spark by now, but it hasn\u8217\'92t. Those soldiers could be charging towards this tower, but they aren\u8217\'92t. They\u8217\'92re keeping a safe distance. There\u8217\'92s not much to read into this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these people actually mean to bargain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The same reason anyone bargains\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they think they have something to lose.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe they think the Greskalun are here and on our side.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your guess is as good as mine,\u8221\'94 said Obo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram began to march towards them, spear in hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay here, and stay hidden. I\u8217\'92m going to see what they want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Upon seeing Ayram marching out into the Sand, the scribe on his horse began trotting towards the tower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram paused not too far outside the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gate, forcing the scribe to cross the greater distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When the horse and rider finally neared the giant, Ayram laid down his spear. And though the man was high in a saddle, they met almost eye to eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you Greskal?\u8221\'94 The rider asked, impressed at Ayram\u8217\'92s size.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The answer took the scribe by surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you the master of this tower?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram glanced behind him and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It seems this tower has no master. As you can see, it is empty, save for me and mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse was becoming fidgety. No doubt it had caught wind of the terror that lay in the courtyard. The scribe mistook it for fright at Ayram\u8217\'92s height. He said, \u8220\'93We know that the Mazidobo resides in this tower.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So it does,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then bring it forth. I wish to speak with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can speak with me,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, \u8220\'93And I will pass your message along.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not the time for games,\u8221\'94 he warned. \u8220\'93We found the body of the Mazidariga of Shuls out in the desert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me, has the Mazidobo lost its flame? We saw no scorch marks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are welcome to test that interpretation, should you wish.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe sneered and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We know the Mazidobo has acquired some means of reversing the Mazidariga\u8217\'92s charm. We know that it escaped the leash of his Minder. We wish to come to terms with it, so as to avoid any further loss of life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wish to know how the Mazid did it,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, seeing through the scribe\u8217\'92s pretension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horse was growing more perturbed by the moment. Its eyes were wide and its nostrils flared and it kept trying to resettle its rider, as if preparing to bolt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that is why I am here,\u8221\'94 the scribe said. \u8220\'93Tell the Mazidobo, that as we speak, a battalion of Hrkan Skulsi marches into the eastern mouth of the Goree Pass. At their head is the Mazidurn. Behind me, as you can see, is a column of swords, and coming up from the south, from the Solgi, is the Mazidban, who shall be with us shortly. As such, you are all surrounded, and should it come to it, you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 will}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be overwhelmed. There is no way out excepting the event in which you and yours peaceably disarm yourselves, and the Mazidobo offers itself up into my charge. In exchange, all lives will all be spared, and the Mazidobo shall be allowed to retire from service after submitting to examination.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t much like those terms,\u8221\'94 Ayram said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe frowned and his horse bucked slightly, sharing its rider\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not a matter for you to decide,\u8221\'94 the scribe said. \u8220\'93Share the terms with the Mazidobo, or bring it out and I\u8217\'92ll tell it myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram stroked his beard. He looked up at the sky, arced his shoulders, and he drew in a breath that could fill an ox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach, enough air to think for a good long while. In the intervening silence, the scribe\u8217\'92s horse began to clip-clop its agitation, bouncing the scribe uncomfortably in his saddle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Settled down you crooked beast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He gave his horse a foul kick in the ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram finally said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid and its Minder will only treat with their own kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But the Mazidobo\u8217\'92s Minder is dead. His body was found two weeks ago in the Junei hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid has a new Minder. An old witch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow jumped in shocked surprise, and that quickly turned into elation. He mused, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d feared the worst riding up to this tower. An unleashed Mazid would be no good for any of us. But if he\u8217\'92ll only speak to a Mazid, then we will have to wait, for the Mazidban will not be here for at least another hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazidobo will treat with the Mazidariga.\u8221\'94 He nodded towards the Hrkan line behind the scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe bit his lip in frustration. He looked up, took in the tower, then spied the long distance behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93But I won\u8217\'92t do this business in the shadow of this accursed place. We\u8217\'92ll meet where the tower\u8217\'92s shadow meets the light of Solraheen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With the sun approaching its noontime zenith, the tower\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow extended out into the desert a mere forty yards or so.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before the scribe and his horse ran off, he said,  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no sense in playing me, poke. There\u8217\'92s nowhere to run if you resort to trickery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram picked up his spear. The scribe sneered, then barked at his horse and yanked on the reins as he jabbed its flanks with his heels. Off they went galloping, back towards the Hrkan line.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram spun around, and nested inside his beard was the biggest of all possible smiles, considering the size of his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen shines on us!\u8221\'94 he declared as he stepped back into the tower\u8217\'92s tunnel. Moto was the first to greet him by saying, \u8220\'93This will be easier than I ever dreamed. Even easier if I had a damned bow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram nodded and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We won\u8217\'92t need a bow, believe me. That scribe won\u8217\'92t know what hit him. Can you believe it!? Hrks think they\u8217\'92re gods when they\u8217\'92re stuck up on a horse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He marched over to his giant pack, untied the bindings that kept it shut, then lifted it up and dumped its contents on the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Split this up between you,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93And make sure that everyone is ready to run.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Run where?\u8221\'94 Seb asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once I strike that scribe down, we need to run. I\u8217\'92m not going to stop to help any of you get yourselves together, so if you\u8217\'92re not ready, if you fall behind, you\u8217\'92re forgotten.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram then stepped over to Mandri. He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Turn around,\u8221\'94 and Mandri turned, and then Ayram pulled Obo out of the litter by his skull again, as if handling a melon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo dangled in Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip, looking like a pale worm. He said to Ayram, \u8220\'93You know, I could ruin this for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood soured at the suggestion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to ruin it,\u8221\'94 Obo said. \u8220\'93I just wanted you all to know that I could have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram grunted and tossed Obo onto his emptied pack. Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pale, bald head and bony arm were almost glowing in the tunnel dark, but most of all, his saucer eyes were bright and shining. They scanned the world for something, probably they were looking for something he could use to rescue himself. Mandri knew no rescue was coming and that, for Obo, this might be the end. Then those eyes settled on Mandri, and Mandri felt his stomach knot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was nothing he could do for Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and yet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85and yet\u8230\'85odd that he should feel this way for so strange a face. Some mothers love children with faces much worse off than Obo\u8217\'92s, not that Mandri was feeling something so pure. It was just the sense of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 pity}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Obo was going to be snuffed out for no other reason than he was what he was, and what a shame. Born almost yesterday, enslaved and tortured all his short life, quartered by desert bandits, and he was still holding out hope, still looking at Mandri like Mandri was important. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had to look away. But he could not quell the budding sense that something was being uncovered here, and that was horrible, because as any self-watcher knows, finding things out about oneself is the worst kind of finding. And Obo was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 right there}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , and this was a permanent goodbye, Mandri knew it. Then that pang of pity came back fierce and welled up in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He could not speak for fear of sobbing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He swallowed it down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He glanced at Obo and the sob of pity rose again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then a small miracle occurred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb, in an attempt to reorganize his pack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interior to make room for a bundle of dried beef, pulled out a woolen blanket, and in so doing, unwittingly pulled out his pouch of burgeons as well. The pouch hit the ground and out popped three beautiful God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons. Two of them spiraled harmlessly in little circles, but one burgeon hit the ground rolling as if flicked towards Mandri\u8217\'92s toes by Solraheen Himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri covered it up with his foot. When Seb finally noticed that his burgeons had spilled, he snatched them up, quick as a fox, none the wiser that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d missed one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The feeling of that burgeon under Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heel was brighter than any morning. Mandri didn\u8217\'92t even hear Obo\u8217\'92s final parting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Never let it be said that I didn\u8217\'92t do anything for you people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto yanked the L-frame litter right off Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back, because Moto had made a makeshift bag out of a blanket, and he\u8217\'92d filled that bag with the stuff that had tumbled out of Ayram\u8217\'92s pack\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 liquid skins, knotted ropes and strings, and odd-shaped dried mutton lumps wrapped in linen cloth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Where had any of that meat been during the long journey through the Tib?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No matter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye under his foot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But even this thought was not enough to last, for when Moto handed the litter back to Mandri, it was twice the weight that Obo ever was.}}