{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Keening spirits.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Iron wheels falling apart in desert travel}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  It rode before him on the saddlebow, he having no scabbad. It had been carried so before, god\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s years of it, and the forestock was much worn beneath. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Laughing and hacking in a welter of gore, a reeking scene in the light of handheld lanterns.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slatribbed}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blueblack shine}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Among their clothes there was small agreement and among their hats less. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A vicious snarl of flies fought constantly in the bed of the gamewagon. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From their holes in just those whited regions where they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve gone to hide from god.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Half shirring the meat from their bones.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dig their graves with the bladebones of antelope}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 == Trotted Neat of foot \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  neat of foot like a feral thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wagons drew so dry they slouched from side to side like dogs and the sand was grinding them away. The wheels shrank and the spokes reeled in their hubs and clattered like loomshafts and at night they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d drive false spokes into the mortices and tie them down with strips of greenf hideand they\u8217\'92d drive wedges between the iron of the tires and the suncracked felloes. They wobbled on, the trace of their untrue labors like sidewinder tracks in the sand. The duledge pegs worked loose and dropped behind. Wheels began to break up.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In two days they began to come upon bones and cast-off apparel. They saw halfburied skeletons of mules with the bones so white and polished they seemed incandescent even in that blazing heat and they saw panniers and packsaddles and the bones of men and they saw a mule entire, the dried and blackened carcass hard as iron. They rode on.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 == that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not a rock, that\u8217\'92s georgie. Georgie? Dead mule. Hard as a rock thogh.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ==wagonaire working on the swelling up axles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They rode through regions of particolored stone upthrust in ragged kerfs and shelves of traprock reared in faults and anticlines curved back upon themselves and broken off like stumps of great stone treeboles and stones the lightning had clove open; seeps exploding in stream in some old storm. They rode past trapdykes of brown rock running down the narrow chines of the ridges and onto the plain like the ruins of old walls, such augeries everywhere of hte hand of man before man was or any living thing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Flutes made from human bone. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  I bet your bones would make a womanly flute.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Peculiar bandylegged trot like creatures driven to alien forms of locomotion and stripping the clothes from the dead and seizing htem up by the hair and passing their blades about the skulls of hte living and the dead alike \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ground where he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lain was soaked with blood and with  urine from the voided bladders of the animals and he went forth stained and stinking like some reeking issue of the incarnate dam of war herself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They walked the cinderland til they were near to fainting}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cart tilted on its tongue. Wheels made from rounds of a cottonwood trunk and pinned to the axletrees with tenons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And they passed by the side of the road little wooden crosses proppedi n cairns of stone where travelers had met with death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The road winding up among the hills and the castaways laboring upon the swtichbacks, blackening under the sun, their eyalls inflamed and the painted spectra racing out at the corners. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lizard eyes like cracked stone plates}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dry scrabble of hooves among the rocks and the clank of gear.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mennonite in a flat brimmed hat}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slump and reel like drunks. Their heads lolled. Their guffaws echoed among the rocks. Regarded them with huge grins.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His teeth wide and massive, made for foraging.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A howl of such outrage as to stitch a caesura in the pulsebeat of the world. But the kid only spat into the darkness of the space between them. I know your kind, he said. What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrong with you is wrong all the way through you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a clay jar of water hung by a thong from the bow=stay and \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They rolled their tobacco in cornhusks and they sat by the fire in silence and listened to the night. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Buzzard walking into the sacistry}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Herding the ttattered fortune-seekers through the plaza where water splashed in a fountain and idlers reclined on carven seats of white prphyry and past the governor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s palace and past the cathedral where vultures squatted along the dusty entablatures and among the niches in the carved acade hard by the figures of christ and the apostles, the birds holding out their own dark vestments in postures of strange benevolence while about them flapped on the wind the dried scalps of slaughtered indians strung on cords, the long dull hair swinging like the filaments of certain seaforms and the dry hides clapping against the stones.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seamy palms outheld and maimed beggears sad-eyeed in rags.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dark coppers in a clackdish, the shriveled eyes of the blind. Scribes crouched by the steps with their quills and inkpots and bowls of sand and lepers moaning through the streets and naked dogs that seemed composed of bone entirely and vendors of tamales and old women with faces dark and harrowed as the land squatting in the gutters over charcoal fires where blackened strips of anonymous meat sizzled and spat.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Waxy smell where racks of guts hung black with flies and flayings of meat in great red sheets now darkened with the advancing day and and the flensed and naked skulls of cows and sheep with their dull blue eyes glaring wildly and the stiff bodies of defer and javelina and ducks and quail and parrots, all wild things from teh country round hanging had downward from hooks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doorsill worn like soap}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Prison to take their place among the ghosts of old martyrs and patriots while the gate clanked shut behind them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blackened its of candlewick lay here and there in pools of dirty grease on hte stone floor and strings of dried spittle hung from the walls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crouched on their haunches.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were half naked and they sucked their teeth and snuffled and stirred and picked at themselves like apes. A chary light had washed a high small window from the dark and a n early streetvendor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d begun to cry his wares.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The advent of riders bruited by scurvid curs that howled woundedly and slank among the crumbling walls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old spainish bells seagreen with age.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few poles mounted with cressets of burning oil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A claytiled bar. The place reeked of woodsmoke and sweat. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thumb at the nape of the neck, the universal sign for drink.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All a great stained altarstone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Watchmen shouting softly the hour}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the predawn dak the sounds about describe the scene to come. The first cries of birds in the trees along the river and the clink of harness and the snuffle of horses and the gentle sound of their cropping. In the darkened village roosters have begun. The air smells of horses and charcoal. The camp has begun to stir. Sitting all about in the accruing light are the children from the town. None of the men rising know how long they have been there in the darkness and silence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They rode through the sacked indian camp at midmorning, the blackened sheets of meat draped across the bushes or hung form poles like strange dark laundry. Deerhides were pegged out on the ground and white or ruddled bones lay strewn over the rocks in a primitive shambles. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His mount surbated and all  but blown.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  clouds sitting in a brittle blue void like eggs smashed on a windshield.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The trembling perimeter of the world}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here beyond men\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s judgements, all covenants were brittle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bout that fire were men whose eyes gave bck the light like coals socketed hot in their skulls and men whose eyes did not, but the black man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes stood as corridors for the ferrying through of naked and unrectified night from what of it lay behind to what was yet to come.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two thick ropes of dark blood and two slender rose like snakes from the stump of his neck and arched hissing into the fire. The head rolled to theleft and came to rest at the expriest\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet where it  lay with eyes aghast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sitting like a murdered anchorite discalced in ashes and sark.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Water riffled silver in the morning wind}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}\f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 High wild cries carrying that flat and barren pan like the cries of souls broke throug hsome misweave in the weft of things into the world below}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The riders wore masks of bone-black smeared about their eyes and some had blacked the eyes of their horses. The sun reflected off the pan burned the undersides of their faces and shadow of horse and rider alike wer e painted upon the fine white powder in pureset indigo.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They posted guard satop the azotea and unsaddled the horses and drove them out to graze and the udge took one of the packanimals and emptied out the apnniers and went off to explore the works. In the afternoon he sat in the compound breaking ore samples with a hammer, the feldspar rich in red oxide of copper and native nuggets in whose organic lobations he purproted to read news of the earth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s origins, holding an extemporary lecture in geolog y to a small gathering who nodded and spat. A few would quote him scripture to confound his ordering up of eons out of the ancient chaos and other apostate supposings. The judge smiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Books lie, he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, said the judge. He does not. And these are his words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He held up a chunk of rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He speaks in stones and trees, the bones of things.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ===there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s two kinds of persons. People who break people down into two kinds, and people who don\u8217\'92t. Which are you? Smile self-satisfied at the inherent and inescapable irony.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Little streams of liquid clay started down from the sod roof.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Picking his teeth with a thorn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were ciboleros down from the north, their packhorses laden with dried meat. They were dressed in skins sewn with ligaments of beasts and they sat their animals in the way of men seldom off them. They carried lances with which they hunted the wild buffalo on the plains and these weapons were dressed with tassels of feathers and colored cloth and some carried bows and some carried old fusils with tasseled stoppers in their bores. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blackened bones of trees assassinated in mountain storms}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}