{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Florida\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s St Johns River is actually a series of accidentally interconnecting water systems. The pportion of the st johns at jacksonville is part of an ancient intra-coastal lagoon. More like an ocean inlet than a river.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Florida is the only state which has no metals, yet that did not stop the Spanish from wreaking havoc on the place searching for gold there.By insisting on searching for gold where no gold existed, they set in motion a centuries-long series of irrational events, as explosive as a nuclear chain reaction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Fateful ambiguity of water and land. The anteroom of the sea, a water place where land loses its meaning. Tens of millions of people today build their houses and drive their cars across a crust of sea-shaped muck and rubble over which and beneath which flow enormous  quantities of water, or they live on dredged-up soggy soil that until very recently was under water and, if nature had its way, would soon resubside.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That macrogeological equivocalness plays itself out in every florida backyard. Fell that pine barren; build a theme park; construct your gated community. Then watch as the sinkholes swallow up your florida fantasy, an alligator devours your fox terrier, and the palmetto bugs - giant flying cockroaches- infest your life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 People are constantly ruining FLorida; Florida is constantly ruining them back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Comparison to an alligator - sea levels rising is like alligator submerging, eyes, snout, tail.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Florida geologically speaking resembles a gigantic, fossilized sponge. Water, instead of eroding it or moving it, percolates through it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Okefenokee Swamp is the place where \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93dry land\u8221\'94 first dissolves into a soggy morass.  Florida ends where its watery muck gets so watery it\u8217\'92s called florida bay.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 FLorida lacks alluvial soil , so agricultuarl production is largely limited to crops which like limestone, such as citrus, tomatoes, and strawberries. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This near absence of what normally are considered \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93natural resources\u8221\'94 raises a question which Florida\u8217\'92s conquerors ranging from those Spaniards seeking gold to the real estate speculators of today almost never have asked themselves. How to make the place pay? How to create wealth there instead of destroying it? TO consider the question serioulsy would deter any rational investor. The result, tautologically, is that FLorida\u8217\'92s history has been dominated preciely by those kinds of people who do not rationally consider the consequences of what they do. For five hundred dyears successive wave of conquerors, ignoring the reality of Florida, have tried to recreate, in Florida\u8217\'92s alien clime, a more perfect - sometimes outright hallucinatory- version of the society they left behind. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Talahassee his the only significant part of the state that is not part of the underlying florida limestone monolith. This madei t the only part of florida well suited to cultivating cotton,. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Atlantic coastal ridge - limestone ridge}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because the media treat florida as a series of disconnected breaking news events, they miss what henry james, who wrote illuminatingly about florida, called the pattern in the carpte. Look for those underlying patterns: you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll discover that what makes florida important is not its quirkiness, its seeming otherness, its unpredictablity. It\u8217\'92s that florida provides a true mirror of what america is becoming\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  what it already is, in fact.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Imagine  a floridian of the early twenty-first century standing ont he balcony of his oceanfront condo. He looks out toward the watery horizon. He sees a tropical storm coming that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mentioned in the weather report, or he sees a flotilla of boat people heading straight toward his marina. And what does he think? He thinks the hurricane has no right to be there. He thinks those boat people should go back where they belong. It does not occur to him, as he calls the security desk, that he is the one who is out of place\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  that it is his logic which does not apply here.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Leave the fancy dress ball that supposedly constitutes its \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93history\u8221\'94, and you find that FLorida is full of fascinating real-life human dramas no one could invent. The people introduced in the following paragraphs have three things in common. ALl of them were major protagonists who helped make Florida what it is today. Second, because what they did and who they were did not conform to the constantly evolving future stereotypes of what Florida is supposed to have been, they were trivialized, marginalized, or excised from the conventional florida narrative. The third thing they have in common is that the effort to turn them into nonpersons was for the most part successful, yet you can\u8217\'92t understand FLorida - and much about AMerica oo - unless you understand what they made of florida, and what florida made ofthem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ever heard of dr. Frederick Weedon, or Henry R. Schoolcraft, or Adam Jacoby Slemmer? Slemmer was Floridas original Civil War hero, but odon\u8217\'92t lok for his name on any monument. Schoolcraft, though you\u8217\'92ve never heard of him, misshaped history so successfully that you probably still believe his fictions are true. Dr. Weedon pioneered the grotesqueries now commonplace on Dexter and CSI:Miami, yet you never see his name when the credits roll. John Titcomb SPrague, Florida\u8217\'92s greatest historian, was expunged from history, too. James Dean (florida jurist) was a rebel without a cause, but no movies are made about him. Alligator and Jump. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg. Xvi}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ossian Hart: Ossian Hart! Never was there a mor evaliant Floridian, a nobler American. His name should be spelled Heart, yet this greatest of Florida\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s homegrown heroes has been expunged entirely from Florida\u8217\'92s memory of itself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Because it possesses so few useful resources, the notion that it must be \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93sold\u8221\'94 infests every warp and weave of Florida\u8230\'85 North Miami Beach is nowhere near Miami Beach, or any beach. Up in the Panhandle,  Ionce passed a place selling \u8220\'93new used tires\u8221\'94\u8230\'85 It freezes in Frostproof.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Woe unto those who imagine they can shape the great viscosity of Florida into what they have decided it should be.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Barred by solemn treaty}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gaspar Corte-Real}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At the time Portugal and Spain were the only European powers capbel, in today\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s parlance, of projecting naval power globally. The aim was to prevent conflict between the two catholic superpowers. This the pope did with the simpliciity of cutting the goridan knot\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  splitting the world north to south with an imaginary line of logintude running the length of the atlantic ocean. Evertything east (africa and asia) was made portugal\u8217\'92s preserve. Everything to the west was allotted to Spain. At first this partition suited the portuguese fine. BY excluding Spain from Africa and asia, it gave them a monopoly of the east indies trade. The explorations in america changed the balance of the bargain by giving spain a monopoly on the new worlds newly discovered riches. Portugal wanted a piece of the new action, so the new treaty was negotiated. It shifted the global dividing line farther west, from 100 to 370 leagues beyond the azores. Even with  this adjustment, the whole of north america lay beyond the pope\u8217\'92s dividing line\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 therefore beyond portugal\u8217\'92s right to colonize it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 So portugal gets brazil, and another unintended consequence - philippines came under spanish rule for four hundred years.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ponce de leon sailed with columbus on the great navigator\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s second voyage across the atlantic.unkown and penniless, he was just one of the men, boys and beasts croweded onto the fetid ships of columbus\u8217\'92 flotilla.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 15 years later, ponce establishes first euro settlement in puerto rico. Then enslaved inhabitants and worked them to death.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 How to secure, settle and finance admin of new land that had fallen within Spain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ambit?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was custom among the conquistadors to name places according to the dates of the liturgical calendar. Columbus discovered the island of trinidad on the feast of the trinity, hence that island\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name. Pascua Florida was a poetic name for palm sunday.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He called the florida keyes the martyrs because, poking of the sea one after another, they reminded him of the decapitatied head of christians who had died for their faith.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Temporizing aztecs}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Surfeited}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 DeSoto seemed ideally qualified to succeed where others failed. Before arrivin in Florida he had saved Pizarro\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s empire in Peru for him, then returned to Spain with a fortune in melted -down gold and silver that made him one of Europe\u8217\'92s richest men. Deciding florida would be his new Peru, and his alone, de Sotoo landed on the west coast of Florida in 1539, a stranger to failure. Then in  the course of three years of futile wandering, he destroyed his fortune, his expedition, his reputation, and himself. Even more than Ponce\u8217\'92s, his subsequent transmorgrification from marauding killer into gallant protagonist epitomizes the persistent denial of the tragic element in accounts of Florida\u8217\'92s past.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A moody, irritable, discontented man. He no longer pretended to strike out on any grand undertaking, but, stung with secret disappointment, went recklessly wandering from place to place, apparently without order or object, as if careless of time and life, and only anxious to finish his existence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Washington irving and nephe theodore irving transformed florida\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chronicle of disaster, disease, and death into an adventure yarn.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The conquest of Florida Under Hernando De Soto.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg 15 - de soto myth making}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Two monuments erected in the tampa area illustrate the scope of the fabrication.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There, filling much of one wall, hung a painting that within the boundaries of its immense frame contained more truth about florida than many librarires do. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The painting disappeared, only to reappear episodically, just as de soto imself had, in the moust outlandish places. It would be displayed in an oklahoma city used-furniture store before finding its way back to florida.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 1526 Lucas Vasquez de ayllon - flotilla of six ships carrying more than six hundred people, soldiers, settlers, wives children doctors, slaves from africa. Here is an account: During the fall the colonists suffered from disease, lack of food and cold. Scouting parties were sent inland to lcate native populations from which food could be obtained, but they were not successful. Man people died, including ayllon. Some members of the colony moved to a nearby indian village, but after several days their native hosts killed them. Raids took a toll on the spaniards, and at one point some of the african slaves set fire to buildings. Defeated, the colonists abandoned the sttlement in mid-november and set sail for home.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Panfilo de narvaez - four of fiteen hundred survived.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chert in its finished form is characterized by its extreme hardness, glass-like fracture, and the sharpness of the edges. That made it ideal for the manufacturing of axe heads, spear heads, and arrow points, but chert doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t occur in nature that way. Before it could be napped into tools and weaons , chert first had to be extracted from the t hick layers of limestone encasing it, then broken down into manageable nuggets. Chunks of the material, weighing as much as seventy-five pounds, were then buried in sand, over which hot fires were made to burn for many hours. Once extracted from these paleolithic furnaces, the nuggets were broken into smaller pieces. They in turn were laboriously transformed from a dusty gray substance, gritty to the touch, into a smooth, shiny substance with a palette of attractive hues, ranging from pastel pink to mahogany brown. These, depending on their structure and the inventiveness fo the people working them, were fashioned into a variety of ornaments, tools and weapons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Transformed agatized coral into killing blades.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Basically, there were a bunch of huge animals, but florida hunters killed them off - from big game hunters into baymen, fishermen, trappers, and scavengers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Immense midddens of discarded oyster shells. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sea was walking the earth with a heavy heel - zora neale hurston}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just like in chemistry class, heat expands on a global scale as air (wind) and water try to reach planetary equilibrium. The rotation and inclination of the earth as it circles the sun make that impossible, but nature keeps trying so every year tropical storms carry immense quantities of warm air and moisture northward. Beneath the ocean\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s surface immense volumes of warmer water are also flowing north. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sybaritic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Turning litter boxes into green, throbbing messes of undifferentiated life.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then they returned to their usual life pursuits\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 momentarily diverted, but in no way enlightened.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Their waste is their most enduring product}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 We also need to remember for our own sake. Florida shows how in every era people are killed, and cultures are mutilated, and the earth ravaged because powerful men, from faraway, for vain and abstract reasons, on the basis of faulty information, and without sufficient attention to teh consequences of following their impulses, authorize barbarities that benefit no one, including, in the end, themselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pedro menendez de avilez - sep 1565, in the face of a howling hurricane, menendez executed the first mass slaughter by white men of white men, in united states. At dawn, stated the killing. In only a few hours, heand his henchmen bludgeoned to death more than 130 people at Fort Caroline, the French outpost on the St. Johns River near jacksonville. Nine days later he slaughtered another 110 or more frenchmen, this time right near st. Augustine, on the shors of what thereafter was called matanzas inlet. In order to save gunposwder, he ordered his men to slit thorats.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Menendez, opting for deceit, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93gave the promise under his seal that he would preserve the lives of ribault and his men faithfully, without fraud, as an honorable gentleman. \u8220\'93 A few prudent ones among them,\u8221\'94 turned back. Stabbed and clubbed to death, calling them lutherans, enemies of god and the virgin.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I have borne arms for forty years, and in that time the forces of the two crowns have often combatted eacho ther, but never once has such an execrable deed ocurred .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mata- matanza - mata to kill - indo-european.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 New smyrna - bunch of mediterranian colonists under english rule - within two years 627 of the 1255 were dead. When turnbull discovered the survivors were planning to escape to the freedom of spanish cuba, he ordered exemplary executions. What ensued recalled the madness of desoto as turnbull turned new smyrna intothe heart of darkness. Captain bernard romans, described what happened: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About fifteen hundred people, men, women, and children, were deluded away from their native country, to this place, where, insted of plenty, they found want in the last degree; instead of promised fileds, a dreary wilderness, instead of a grateful, fertile soil, a barren, arid sand.\u8221\'94 Turnbull denied them the liberty of fishing. \u8220\'93Again, behold a man obliged to whip his own wife for pilfering bread to relieve his helpless family; then think of a time when the small allowance was reduced to half. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg. 53 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 In florida\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s history books, the New Smyrna victims are to blame, not the speculator who starved and killed them\u8230\'85 Captain ROmans, was an unimpeachable source, yte he, not turnbull, is portrayed as the culprit, guilty of \u8220\'93animus toward colony management,\u8221\'94 according to a 1965 account called Florida: From Indian Trail to Space Age. \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  Patricia C. Griffin, Mullet on the Beach, recoundts the truth: \u8220\'93A diverse collection of individuals and families from traditional mediterranean cultures, full of hope set out on a disorienting voyage to the NEw World, experienced a death-camp like existence on an indicgo plantation, and\u8230\'85 in desperation, they fled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Their decandants became known as the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93minorcans\u8221\'94. The first floridians in the modern sense.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know that spain fought the british during revolutionary war along the gulf coast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Constitutional originalism and the louisiana purchase}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg58}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TOday many deride the notion thatthere is such a thing as a living constitution ad insiste we adhere to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93original intent\u8221\'94. Jefferseon, Madison, and Monroe were directly involvedi n framing the constitution. Yet they never followed the path of what people today call \u8220\'93Originalism\u8221\'94. As soon as it becomes expedient these founding fathers acted exactly in the manner that the originalists of today would denounce as a betrayal of the founding fathers original intent. IN hiseagerness to get louisiana Jefferson had concluded what America\u8217\'92s imperial presidents still do. When necessary or merely convenient, the powers of the presidency supersede the fundamental law of the land. As for treaties with foreign nations\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whether european or indian\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the provisions of those agreements could be transformed at will on an ex post facto pbasis into whatever the president now wished them to be. Once louisian was in US hands, jefferson reversed himself. He urported that parts of spanish florida did belong to the united states precisely because, he now suddenly alleged, they were part of louisiana.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As henry adams later remarked, it was possible to make such a claim through only bypretending \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93that Spain retroceded West Florida to France without knowing it, that france had sold it to the united states without suspecting it, that the united states had bought it without paying for it, and that neithger france nor spain, although the original contracting parties, were competent to decide the meaning of their own contract.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Having decided to provoke a disguised miliatary coup in wet florida, president madison ordered secret agents and provocateurs into spanish territory. As if by magic, grievances were suddenly proclaimed, the tyrannous yoke of the spaniards denounced. As always in florida, the link between words and meanings was tenuous, to the extent it existed at all. The Kempers and other disloyal elemetns called themselves \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Patriots\u8221\'94. Among their complaints was that the laws of Spanish Florida were not written in English. In the wee hours of September 23, 1820, a us instigated band chased the spanish out of their run-down barricade at Baton Rogue. A Declaration of independecne was produced, a west florida flag unfurled; a national anthem was ssung. The patriots killed two inoffensive spaniards as they burst into the fort. They also killed fellow americans. When william cooper, a north cariolina born loyalist organized a militia company to support the spanish, he was murdered. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Thanks to madison\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s subversion, lousiana got baton rogue and such other towns as slidell and ponchatoula, but the spanish clung on to the west florida nad all of east florida as well. A a result of this piecemeal aggression West FLorida was chopped up like a sausage, into one big and three small pieces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 West florida star presaged the texas \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91lone-star\u8217\'92 flag}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg.66}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 George Mathews - remained possessed of a fascination with acquiring land without having to pay for it. In Jan 1795, as governor of Georgia, Mathews signed legislation authorizing the infamous Yazoo land grab. So all-consuming was the resulting outrage that, instead of merely being repealed, the offending law was publicly burned, while a cowed jeered, on the grounds of the state capitoll. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 *** So it could be said that Heaven itself had reached down to incinerate the legislative abomination Matthews had signed into law, the fire was ignited using a magnifying lens to focus the rays of the sun on the hated text. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 eorgia politicians sold large tracts of territory in the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yazoo_lands"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yazoo lands}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , in what are now portions of the present-day states of\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alabama"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alabama}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~and\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mississippi"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mississippi}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , to political insiders at very low prices in 1794. Although the law enabling the sales was overturned by reformers the following year, its ability to do so was challenged in the courts, eventually reaching the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supreme_Court_of_the_United_States"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 US Supreme Court}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . In the landmark decision in\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fletcher_v._Peck"}{\fldrslt\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Fletcher v. Peck}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~(1810), the Court ruled that the contracts were binding and the state could not retroactively invalidate the earlier land sales. It was one of the first times the Supreme Court had overturned a state law, and it justified many claims for those lands. Some of the land sold by the state in 1794 had been shortly thereafter resold to innocent third parties, greatly complicating the\~}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Litigation"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0 litigation}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\~ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1811 - mathews met Madison in secret one-on-one meeting, no tinesses present, no transcript ever made\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85the meeting ended with both men convinced the remainder of west florida was ripe for the plucking. Madison sends Mathews on a secret mission to overthrow spainish in west florida}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It bespeaks the quality of President Madison\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s judment in matters concerning florida that at the time he dispatched him on this singular mission Mathews was seventy-one years old, conspicuously corpulent, and eccentric of appearance as well as demeanor. His irish brogue, apparently acquired from his immigrant parents, was so thick that Americans as well as Spaniards often found what he said incomprehensible. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His pointelss, fruitless marauding would be worthy of de soto, but the florida figure mathews most resemebled was juan ponce de leon,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg. 68 Madison sent Governor of spanish florida a fawning ,disastrously indiscreet reply. After informing the spanish official that he would find it advantageous to betray his oath of loyalty to his own country, he announced that geerneal george mathews was on his way to receive from you possession of te country in the name of the united states.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As a result of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93staggering ineptitude on the part of almost everybody on the American side,\u8221\'94 any chance of obtaining West FLorida on the sly had been lost, but inside mathews\u8217\'92 agitated brain buttefly wings were flapping. Four hundred miles away from pensacola lay St. Augustine, capital of Spanish East FLorida. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Story as old as time - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93patriots\u8221\'94 rise up and cause a stir, claim independence. God damn. So fucking transparent.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg. 70 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Florida\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tradition of racial freedom was established as early as 1693, when spain granted sanctuary to foreign slaves seeking refuge there. Professor kthleen deagan - The fort and and dtown of gracia real de santa teresa de Mose, was the first legally sanctioned free black community in what is now the United States. In 1740, when English colonists from Georgia invaded Florida, they were repulsed \u8220\'93in a pitched battle wit hthe black, white, and Indian Spanish forces.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Florida\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s freedoms - see pg 71 - diversity but also slave smuggling.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Zephania and anna kingsley -interracial couple.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Toegehter they were already starting to create a socity tht, no matter how rich it got, would always have poverty and, no matter how much it orated about equality, would always have the race stain in its soul. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Rich whites, poor whites, blacks, indians, all four were threatned by Mathews scheme to  impose the American system of race, class and dispossesion on Florida. Florida\u8217\'92s Indian, black, and mixed-race people all \u8220\'93readily discerned that the maintenance of Spanish rule\u8230\'85 in East Florida was essential to their well-being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mathews - still operating on the georgia side of the border - finally did manage to round up nine inddividuals willing to sign their names to a declaration of independence. Since the declaration needed to be made on floridian soil, mathews and his proteges rowed across the st. Marys river, to the florida side. There, on march 13, 1812, mathes nine founding fathers declared east florida\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s supposed independecne, then just as quickly pledged to relinquish unto the united states of america all the lands belongeing unto the said province.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ragamuffins from the fag-end of georgia.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two rampant impulses of american nationalism. One was the impulse to eradicate all alternatives to a society, as stephen douglas later puti t, dominated \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93by the white man, for the benefit of the white man, to be admistered by white men, in such a manner as they determine.\u8221\'94 The other was the impulst to \u8220\'93render American\u8221\'94 territories not belonging to the United States, that is commit aggression against america\u8217\'92s neighbors. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg. 84 - Fort in apalachicola National Forest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Until july 1816, this place was the nucleus of an emerging community of free subsistence farmers. Here Indian, black and mixed-race people lived, worked and tried to defend themselves and teir families. Originally it was called Prospect Bluff. The Americans who, on General ANdrew Jackson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s orders, killed all the people there, called it \u8220\'93Negro Fort\u8221\'94. To day its official name is the Fort Gdsden Historic Recreation Center. \u8220\'93Here on July 27 1816, US forces perpetrated one of the worst massacres in American history. Hundreds of civilians were killed in the inital artillery atack. The survivors, including mothers with their children, were then murdered, their leaders tortured to deaht.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The explosion was awful, and the scene horrible beyond description.\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93In an instant lifeless bodies were stretched upon the plain, buried in sand and rubbish, or suspended from the tops of the surrounding pines. Here lay an innocent babe, there a helpless mother; on the one side a sturdy warrior, on the other a bleeding squaw.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The great ruler of te universe must have used us as his instruments in chastising the blood-thirsty and murderous wretches that defended the fort}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg. 95 Jackson complete asshole.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg 100 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clever europeans imagined they had dexterously bent these adolescent americans to their purposes by getting them to sign some sinuously worded piece of paper. Then the Americans gabbed whatever they wanted anyway, according to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93originalist\u8221\'94 notions that made - and still makes - america\u8217\'92s acquisition of approximately one-quarter of its territory null and void.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ONly like 3000 peopole in florida by the time spain handed it over - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91strategic but useless\u8217\'92}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Devil in the grove}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg 118 stealing talahasse}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ralph waldo emerson on duval - a gang of public officers, land speculators, and desperados had taken control of everything.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rhetoric was of freedom-loving heroes fighting off bloodthirsty savages in order to tame the frontier with the sweat of their bow. In reality fortune and misfortune alike depended on whether the us government meddled for you or against you.  While those they dispossessed starved in their \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93confinement and concentration\u8221\'94 zone, florida\u8217\'92s public officers served up a feast of free land and favors to the \u8220\'93speculators and desperados\u8221\'94 reserving the most lavish of these giveaways for themselves. When the government gave out land, duval and his friends got the land. When it handed out money, they funneled the money into their own pockets. When florida\u8217\'92s new nabobs speculated in slaves and real estate, the government bailed them out when the bubble burst. When they provoked violence, the us army rescued them from the consequences of their brutality and avarice.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have all been here like a litter of hungry suckling pigs, squalling and rooting each other from the teats.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lafayette - went to florida to demonstrate that agriculture could prosper without slavery. He failed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 I would have never drawn my sword in the cause of AMerica if I could have conceived thereby that I was founding a land of slavery.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg 128-129 - now it was white men whose rights he curtailed}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A foul blot on the escutcheon of the nation! - thomas L mckenney}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Worked from the assumption that opposition to anything americans wanted had to emanate either from his victims innate childishness or from their treating them like children. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg.143}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osceola}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Undying enmity}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Halpatter tustenuggee}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osceola or Powell, with his family, expressed his desire for peace, and his approbation of the terms agreed upon in the}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0  capitulation.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Me wondering how this rap culture can lift up villains - the very subreddit is r/duvalcounty. Hardly . Probably they teach of his as some heroic figure. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The great doom of sane, good-hearted people is to live in a society in which rape and theft is tolerated and or erased. Corruption is overlooked as a means to a more virtuous end. It is there in america, in india. Andrew jackson is on our 20 dollar bill. Why is it so difficult to combat these evil men who preside over every generation?  I think to the admiration of napoleon. Of hitler. Men who, in defense of atrocities, folk will say, he was a man of action. But it is more than that. It is the mechanics of isolated thought - lie and telling people what they want to hear will get you much further than a hard and honest truth.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dialogue of the deaf.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Coacoochee and John Horse}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg 190 zephaniah kingsley interracial sex}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 -Long gone are the days when a single man of humble origins could shake the world. In the of liberty, and the explosion of population, comes an unassailable truth - you will live, you will die, and no one will have been the wiser.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jono miller - The Palmetto Book}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg. 187 - This landscape had been wet prairie wit hisolated tree islands of palm and oak. This site is north of lake okeechobee, so technically north of the official everglades, but it behaved like evergladdes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shallow, wet prairie too wet for palms and oaks with scattered marginally higher hammocks oriented with the overland water flow, like long, linear stretchmarks on the surface of the planet. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ground rattlers in the bootjacks of palms,dining on passing tree frogs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pg.188 for take on harvesting swamp palm.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cut it with a sharp knife, reasoning that a sharp knife makes it too easy to inadvertently cut bitter material into the pot. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The leaf bases are pulled off, and any material that can be snapped cleanly off the bottom goes into the ice water, which keeps the cabbage from oxidizing and turning brown. If it doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t snap cleanly, it is rejected. As leaves are removed, the diameter of the heart keeps decreasing until it becomes possible to jsut cut across the entire mass of developing leaves. You can overcook swamp cabbage into mush, and you can add too many overwhelming ingredients , bu the main emeny of good swamp cabbage is bitterness. Thats because not all of the white heart material is suitable for eating \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  someo f it is quite bitter, and jimbo and buddy swore that even a small piece of the bitter material could ruin a potful. Buddy\u8217\'92s daddy told him blooming palms are more bitter, and recently eh\u8217\'92s had experiences that tend to support that observation. Others believe you need to avoid old palms and ones near the water. Buddy is careful to store the buds horizontally or, if stacked leaning, to keep the original orientation fo the bud. Storing them upside down apparently allows the bitter components to seep downward and ruin the cabbage.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The developing leaves are what you want, the developing trunk is bitter. The developing leaves separate from eachother like onion rings. If they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t separate - it is developing trunk. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Duval mendacious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg 214}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Only a shor ttime earlier Florida\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s highest officeholders had denounced every federal acion as intolerable tyranny. Now they meekly submitted themselves to the dictates of out-of-state confederate overlords who, quite soon, would inflict on florida incomparably greater damage than Yankees ever would. In pensacola the confederate overlord was a former us army lieutenant colenl named braxton bragg. Bragg\u8217\'92s north carolina origins were even humbler than clinch\u8217\'92s; people whispered that his mother spnt time in prison. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Braggs utter failur on fort, troops looting }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hawser - thick rope}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 War is not bloody. It is vomit and feces.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Captain Mahan - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blockade, such as that enforced by the United States Navy during the civil war, is evedently only a special phase of commerce destroying; yet how immense-nay,decisive-its results!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The power of american nationalist sentiment, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was evidenced by the sudden and rapid rising of the north at the outbreak of our civil war, when the flag was fired upon at fort sumter. Then was shown how depely had sunk into the popular heart the devotion to the union and the flag, fostered by long dwelling upon the ideas, by innumerable fourth of july orations, often doubtless vainglorious, sometimes perhaps grotesque, but whose living force and overwhelming results were  vividly apparent, as the fire leaped from hearthstone to hearthstone throguhout the northern staes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg. 219 -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Just as yulee, perry, and milton predicted, beginning in 1861 the rights of florida\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s white people were destroyed, their freedoms usurped by confederate administration. \u8230\'85\u8221\'94In the fall of 1861 th confederate government stopped the policy of requisitioning the several governors and created military districts in the seceded states under the command of military officers. Requisitions from the central government were passed to the district commands who sought aid froary commands. The supposed rebellion on behalf of states rights had turned the states and their elected officials into lower-echelon functionaries in a dictatorial, malfunctioning command economy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Bragg orders pensacola destroyed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 - the us fleet waited offshore, watching as Bragg\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s confederate forces defeated florida for them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All that stood by security and comfort should be left behind.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Florida was the smallest tadpool in the dirty pool of secession. - philly inquirer}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Open the gates of hell from whish shall flow the curses of the damned which shall sink you to perdition.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Confederate abuse of white people is the one the falsifiers most successfully expunged. The widdely resented impressment act abolished property rights as well as human rights; it empowered conederate officials to seize the private property of white people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Bounty hunters got a bonus for every white boy the y delivered. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The confederate cause was a rich man\u8217\'92s war, but a poor man\u8217\'92s fight.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Throughout the war and long afterward, slaveholders and their sympathizers were sustained by the notion that, by enslaving them, white people did black people a favor. Richard keith call - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wild barbarians, naked, savage idolaters, black from the burnign sun of their native clime, with knottted and combined locks, more like the wool of the beast than the ahir of the human head, savage in taste, manner and disposition,\u8221\'94  experienced, by virtue of having been enslaved, \u8220\'93 an improvement in personal apperance, in feeling and sympathies, in civilization and religion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Pg 232}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The bodies were disinterred by the hogs within a few weeks after the battle, in consequence of which the bones and skulls were scattered broadcast over the battlefield.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A place where the river flows underground for a few hundred yards.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}