{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a whole class of important things that goes untalked about. By everyone. Father to son, mother to daughter, there are some things that just don\u8217\'92t get discussed that need to be. And that\u8217\'92s unfortunate because there\u8217\'92s critical information that needs to be shared that if you don\u8217\'92t get, it can result in some pretty horrific situations. What doesn\u8217\'92t get talked about \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  usually it\u8217\'92s the common sense things. Private things. Like how to wipe after shitting. There is important information here that some people do not have, and it\u8217\'92s through no fault of their own. They\u8217\'92ve been left behind. Probably, it\u8217\'92s capitalisms fault they don\u8217\'92t know how to wipe properly, because this is information that should be passed down from generation to generation. Some of you are individualists and want to figure out everything for yourselves, and that\u8217\'92s fine, but there\u8217\'92s no escaping the fact that we all sit on the toilets of the people who came before us. Some of you may be wondering how someone could possibly wipe incorrectly and I\u8217\'92ll tell you how: I knew a kid in highschool - 17-18 years old - who\u8217\'92d gone his whole life wiping back to front. He just started doing it that way when he was five and never questioned it. Never had that father figure to set some rigid discipline. No one told him because people don\u8217\'92t talk about it, and that\u8217\'92s a social failure. The women in the audience may be wondering what\u8217\'92s wrong with wiping back to front, because for them it may not be poor technique\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but it might be, I don\u8217\'92t know, but how could I know? We never talk about it. Well I\u8217\'92m here to talk about it. Back to Front is wrong, and it\u8217\'92s wrong because there are some pretty serious logistical concerns that threaten the whole operation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s too many moving parts. Any student of the game will tell you that the more independently moving parts you have, the opportunities you have for things to go wrong. The correct way to wipe, which is Front to Back, there\u8217\'92s only three movements - it\u8217\'92s pivot, reach, wipe. Simple. If you go Back to Front, well that\u8217\'92s a two handed operation, so already that\u8217\'92s more mechanics you have to master. First you spread, then you\u8217\'92ve got to reach with the non-dominant hand to pull up the testicular curtain, *then* you reach, then you wipe, then you release. Inefficient.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So yeah, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s important to talk about these things because I probably just saved someone in this audience from pink eye tonight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not not just the crude things we don\u8217\'92t talk about. More broadly, its things that we think are too common sense to warrant discussion. Like chewing your food. How do you chew your food? Think about it? Have you ever thought about it? I didn\u8217\'92t. Not till I was fuckin\u8217\'92 thirty. I just went with what I taught myself in kindergarden: into the mouth, one or two chews, then as soon as possible, take a gulp of water, and down it. Doesn\u8217\'92t matter if it was a hotdog or a 400 dollar. I was a . It wasn\u8217\'92t until I was thirty years old and suffering from some brutal indigestion, trying a whole bunch of solutions, until it hit me one night - wait I\u8217\'92m not actually chewing my food. I\u8217\'92m asking my stomach to do too much. You\u8217\'92ve got to chew your food like a high school football coach - you\u8217\'92ve got to put your stomach in a position to make the play. Now if you\u8217\'92ll bear with me, I\u8217\'92m going to torture this metaphor. Your intestines are like you\u8217\'92re QB. Now this is Highschool football so\u8230\'85 your stomach is like your fast black guy. I\u8217\'92m talkin 4.4 forty.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Here\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s another common sense - angelina jolie was never that hot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I never miss cause im never aiming. You never miss 100% of the shots you never take.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At war with our own biology - problem solving.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}