{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Nonetheless, Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s influence, particularly in the philosophy of science, has been immense. According to Google Scholar, by the 25}{\f0\fs24\b0\super th}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of January 2015, that is, just twenty-five days into the new year,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 thirty-three papers}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~had been published citing Lakatos\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 in that year alone}{\f0\fs24\b0 , a citation rate of over one paper per day. Introductory texts on the Philosophy of Science typically include substantial sections on Lakatos, some admiring, some critical, and many an admixture of the two (see for example Chalmers 2013 and Godfrey-Smith 2003). The premier prize for the best book in the Philosophy of Science (funded by the foundation of a wealthy and academically distinguished disciple, Spiro Latsis) is named in his honour. Moreover, Lakatos is one of those philosophers whose influence extends well beyond the confines of academic philosophy. Of the thirty-three papers citing Lakatos published in the first twenty-five days of 2015, at most\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ten}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~qualify as straight philosophy. The rest are devoted to such topics as educational theory, international relations, public policy research (with special reference to the development of technology), informatics, design science, religious studies, clinical psychology, social economics, political economy, mathematics, the history of physics and the sociology of the family. Thus Imre Lakatos was very much more than a philosophers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 philosopher.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~This is partly because of disturbing facts about Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s early life that have only come to light in the West since his death, and partly because of a dispute between the \u8220\'93Hungarian\u8221\'94 and the \u8220\'93English\u8221\'94 interpreters of Lakatos\u8217\'92s thought, between those writers (not all of them Magyars) who take the later Lakatos to be much more of a Hegelian (and perhaps much more of a disciple of Gy\u246\'F6rgy Luk\u225\'E1cs) than he liked to let on, and those who take his Hegelianism to be an increasingly residual affair, not much more, in the end, than a habit of \u8220\'93coquetting\u8221\'94 with Hegelian expressions (Marx,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Capital}{\f0\fs24\b0 : 103). Just as there are analytic Marxists who think that Marx\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thought can be rationally reconstructed without the Hegelian coquetry and dialectical Marxists who think that it cannot, so also there are analytic Lakatosians who think that Lakatos\u8217\'92s thought can be largely reconstructed without the Hegelian coquetry and dialectical Lakatosians who think that it cannot (see for instance Kadvany 2001 and Larvor 1998).}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Imre Lakatos was a warm and witty friend and a charismatic and inspiring teacher ( Feyerabend 1975a). He was also a fallibilist, and a professed foe of elitism and authoritarianism, taking a dim view of what he described as the Wittgensteinian \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93thought police\u8221\'94 (owing to the Orwellian tendency on the part of some Wittgensteinians to suppress dissent by constricting the language, dismissing the stuff that they did not like as inherently meaningless) (UT: 225 and 228\endash 36). In the later (and British) phase of his career he was a dedicated opponent of Marxism who played a prominent part in opposing the socialist student radicals at the LSE in 1968, arguing passionately against the politicization of scholarship (LTD; Congden 2002).}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But in the earlier and Hungarian phase of his life, Lakatos was a Stalinist revolutionary, the leader of a communist cell who persuaded a young comrade that it was her duty to the revolution to commit suicide, since otherwise she was likely to be arrested by the Nazis and coerced into betraying the valuable young cadres who constituted the group (Bandy 2009: ch. 5; Long 1998 and 2002; Congden 1997).\~}{ }{\f0\fs24\b0 So far from being a fallibilist, the young Lakatos displayed a cocksure self-confidence in his grasp of the historical situation, enough to exclude any alternative solution to the admittedly appalling problems that this group of young and mostly Jewish communists were facing in Nazi-occupied Hungary. (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there no other way?\u8221\'94 the young comrade asked. The answer, apparently, was \u8220\'93No\u8221\'94: Long 2002: 267.) After the Soviet victory, during the late 1940s, he was an eager co-conspirator in the creation of a Stalinist state, in which the denunciation of deviationists was the order of the day (Bandy 2009: ch. 9). Lakatos was something close to a thought policeman himself, with a powerful job in the Ministry of Education, vetting university teachers for their political reliability (Bandy 2009: ch. 8; Long 2002: 272\endash 3; Congden 1997). Later on, after falling afoul of the regime that he had helped to establish and doing time in a gulag at Recsk, he served the \u193\'C1VH, the Hungarian secret police, as an informant by keeping tabs on his friends and comrades (Bandy 2009: ch. 14; Long 2002). And he took a prominent part, as a Stalinist student radical, in trying to purge the University of Debrecen of \u8220\'93reactionary\u8221\'94 professors and students and in undermining the prestigious but unduly independent E\u246\'F6tv\u246\'F6s College, arguing passionately against the depoliticized (but covertly bourgeois) scholarship that E\u246\'F6tv\u246\'F6s allegedly stood for (Bandy 2009: chs. 4 and 9; Long 1998 and 2002).}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Whether or not a particular theoretical (or practical) choice is susceptible to an internal explanation depends, in part, on the actor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s problem. Consider, for example, Descartes\u8217\'92 theory of the vortices, namely that the planets are whirled round the sun by a fluid medium which itself contains little whirlpools in which the individual planets are swimming. Descartes\u8217\'92 theory of the vortices, is\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 fairly}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~rational if we take it as an attempt (in the light of what was then known) to explain the motion of the heavenly bodies in a way that is consistent with Copernican astronomy. But it is a lot\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 more}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~rational if we take to be an attempt to explain the motion of the heavenly bodies in a way that is consistent with Copernican astronomy\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 without}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~formally contradicting the Church\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s teaching that\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 the earth does not move}{\f0\fs24\b0 . (The earth goes round the sun but it does not move with respect to the fluid medium that whirls it round the sun, and, for Descartes, motion is defined as motion with respect to the contiguous matter.) So do we read Descartes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 theory as a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 fairly}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~rational attempt to solve\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 one}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~problem which is distorted by an external factor or as a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 very}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~rational attempt solve a related but more complex problem? Well the answer may not be clear, but if we want to understand Descartes intellectual development we need to know that it was an important constraint on his theorizing that his views should be formally consistent with the doctrines of the Church.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Similarly, it is important in understanding Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s theorizing to realize (for example) that in later life he wanted to develop a demarcation criterion between science and non-science that left Soviet Marxism (though not perhaps all forms of Marxism) on the non-scientific side of the divide. And this holds whether we regard this constraint as a non-rational\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 external}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~factor or as a constituent of his problem situation and hence internal to a rational reconstruction of his intellectual development. Biographical facts can be relevant to understanding a thinker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ideas since they can help to illuminate the problem situation to which they were addressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Christian attempt to hew to logic whilst confirming the scriptures. Results in such a mess.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Furthermore, the big issue with respect to Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s development is how much of the old Hegelian-Marxist remained in the later post-Popperian philosopher, and how much of his philosophy was a reaction against his earlier self. To answer this question we need to know something about that earlier self\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 either the self that secretly persisted or the self that the later Lakatos was reacting against.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Imre Lakatos was born Imre Lipsitz in Debrecen, eastern Hungary, on November 9, 1922, the only child of Jewish parents, Jacob Marton Lipsitz and Margit Herczfeld. Lakatos\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s parents parted when he was very young and he was largely brought up by his grandmother and his mother who worked as a beautician. The Hungary into which Lakatos was born was a kingdom without a king ruled by an admiral without a navy, the \u8220\'93Regent\u8221\'94 Admiral Horthy, who had gained his naval rank in the service of the then-defunct Austro-Hungarian Empire. The regime was authoritarian, a sort of fascism-lite. After a brilliant school career, during which he won mathematics competitions and a multitude of prizes, Lakatos entered Debrecen University in 1940. Lakatos graduated in Physics, Mathematics, and Philosophy in 1944. During his time at Debrecen he became a committed communist, attending illegal underground communist meetings and, in 1943, starting his own illegal study group.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 No-one who attended Imre\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s groups has forgotten the intensity and brilliance of the atmosphere. \u8220\'93He opened the world to me!\u8221\'94 a participant said. Even those who were later disillusioned with communism or ashamed of acts they committed, remember the sense of inspiration, clear thinking and hope for a new society they felt in Imre\u8217\'92s secret seminars. (Long 2002: 265)}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 However, in Lakatos\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s group the emphasis was on preparing the young cadres for the coming communist revolution, rather than engaging in public propaganda or antifascist resistance activities (Bandy 2009: ch. 3).}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In March 1944 the Germans invaded Hungary to forestall its attempts to negotiate a separate peace. (The Hungarian government had allied with the Axis powers, in the hopes of recovering some of the territories lost at the Treaty of Trianon in 1920. By 1944 they had begun to realize that this was a mistake.) Admiral Horthy, whose anti-Semitism was a more gentlemanly affair than that of the Nazis (he was fine with systematic discrimination but apparently drew the line at mass-murder), was forced to accept a collaborationist government led by D\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u246\'F6me Szt\u243\'F3jay as prime minister. The new regime had none of Horthy\u8217\'92s humanitarian scruples and began a policy of enthusiastic and systematic cooperation with the Nazi genocide program. In May, Lakatos\u8217\'92s mother, grandmother and other relatives were forced into the Debrecen ghetto, thence to die in Auschwitz\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the fate of about 600,000 Hungarian Jews. Lakatos\u8217\'92s father, a wine merchant, managed to get away and survived the war, eventually ending up in Australia. A little earlier, in March, Lakatos himself had managed to escape from Debrecen to Nagyv\u225\'E1rad (now Oradea in Romania) with false papers under the name of Moln\u225\'E1r. Later, a Hungarian friend, Vilma Bal\u225\'E1zs, recalled that}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Imre [had been] very close to his mother and they were quite poor. He often blamed himself for her death and wondered if he could have saved her (Bandy 2009: 32).}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In Nagyv\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u225\'E1rad Lakatos restarted his Marxist group. The co-leader was his then-girlfriend and subsequent wife, \u201\'C9va R\u233\'E9v\u233\'E9sz. In May, the group was joined by \u201\'C9va Izs\u225\'E1k, a 19-year-old Jewish antifascist activist who needed lodgings with a non-Jewish family. Lakatos decided that there was a risk that she would be captured and forced to betray them, hence her duty, both to the group and to the cause, was to commit suicide. A member of the group took her across country to Debrecen and gave her cyanide (Congden 1997, Long 2002, Bandy 2009, ch. 5). To lovers of Russian literature, the episode recalls Dostoevsky\u8217\'92s\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Possessed/Demons}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(based in part on the real-life Nechaev affair). In Dostoevsky\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s novel the anti-Tsarist revolutionary, Pyotr Verkhovensky, posing as the representative of a large revolutionary organization, tries to solidify the provincial cell of which he is the chief by getting the rest of group to share in the murder of a dissident member who supposedly poses a threat to the group. (It does not work for the fictional Pytor Verkhovensky and it did work for the real-life Sergei Nechaev.) Hence the title of Congden\u8217\'92s 1997 expos\u233\'E9: \u8220\'93Possessed: Imre Lakatos\u8217\'92s Road to 1956\u8221\'94. But to communists or former communists of Lakatos\u8217\'92s generation, it recalled a different book:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Chocolate}{\f0\fs24\b0 , by the Bolshevik writer Aleksandr Tarasov-Rodianov. This is a stirring tale of revolutionary self-sacrifice in which the hero is the chief of the local Cheka (the forerunner of the KGB). Popular in Hungary, it encouraged a romantic cult of revolutionary ruthlessness and sacrifice in its (mostly) youthful readers. As one of Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s contemporaries, Gy\u246\'F6rgy Magosh put it,}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 How that book inspired us. How we longed to be professional revolutionaries who could be hanged several times a day in the interest of the working class and of the great Soviet Union (Bandy 2009: 31).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Late in 1944, following a Soviet victory, Lakatos returned to Debrecen, and changed his name from the Germanic Jewish\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Lipsitz}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to the Hungarian proletarian\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Lakatos}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(meaning \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93locksmith\u8221\'94). He became active in the now legal Communist Party and in two leftist youth and student organizations, the Hungarian Democratic Youth Federation (MADISZ) and the Debrecen University Circle (DEK). As one of the leaders of the DEK, Lakatos agitated for the dismissal of reactionary professors from Debrecen and the exclusion of reactionary students.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 We are aware that this move on our part is incompatible with the traditional and often voiced \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93autonomy\u8221\'94 of the university [Lakatos stated], but respect for autonomy, in our view, cannot mean that we have to tolerate the strengthening of fascism and reaction (Bandy 2009: 59 and 61).}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Lakatos flew to Moscow in January 1949, only to be recalled for \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93un-Party-like\u8221\'94 behaviour in July. What these \u8220\'93un-party-like\u8221\'94 activities were is something of a mystery but even more of a mystery is why, having returned from Moscow under a cloud, he seemed so cool, calm and collected. Lakatos\u8217\'92s biographers, Long and Bandy, speculate that he was being held in reserve to prepare a case against the communist education chief, J\u243\'F3zsef R\u233\'E9vai, who was scheduled to appear in a new show trial. But when R\u225\'E1kosi decided not to prosecute R\u233\'E9vai after all, Lakatos was thrown to the wolves (Bandy 2009: ch. 12; Long 2002). He was arrested in April 1950 on charges of revisionism and, after a period in the cellars of the secret police (including, of course, torture), he was condemned to the prison camp at Recsk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 However Lakatos was probably doomed anyway. In later life Lakatos was big admirer of Orwell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Nineteen Eighty-Four}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Perhaps he recognized himself in Orwell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s description of the Party intellectual (and expert on Newspeak) Syme:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Unquestionably Syme will be vaporized, Winston thought again. He thought it with a kind of sadness, although well knowing that Syme\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85was fully capable of denouncing him as a thought-criminal if he saw any reason for doing so. There was something subtly wrong with Syme. There was something that he lacked: discretion, aloofness, a sort of saving stupidity. You could not say that he was unorthodox. He believed in the principles of Ingsoc, he venerated Big Brother, he rejoiced over victories, he hated heretics\u8230\'85. Yet a faint air of disreputability always clung to him. He said things that would have been better unsaid, he had read too many books\u8230\'85. (Orwell 2008 [1949]: 58)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 An instance of Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Syme-like behaviour is his 1947 denunciation of the literary critic and philosopher Gy\u246\'F6rgy Luk\u225\'E1cs, one of the intellectual luminaries of the communist movement. Luk\u225\'E1cs represented the academically respectable face of communism, and favoured a gradual and democratic transition to the dictatorship of the proletariat. Lakatos organized an \u8220\'93anti-Luk\u225\'E1cs meeting\u8230\'85held under the aegis of the Val\u243\'F3s\u225\'E1g Circle\u8221\'94 to critique Luk\u225\'E1cs\u8217\'92s foot-dragging and \u8220\'93Weimarism\u8221\'94 (Bandy 2009: 110). Once the regime was firmly in control, Luk\u225\'E1cs was indeed censured for his undue concessions to bourgeois democracy, and he spent the early fifties under a cloud. But in 1947, Lakatos\u8217\'92s criticisms were deemed premature and he got into trouble because of his un-Party-like activities. (Luk\u225\'E1cs himself referred to the episode as a \u8220\'93cliquish\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 kaffe klatsch}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94.) In Communist Hungary it was important not to be \u8220\'93one pamphlet behind\u8221\'94 the Party line (Bandy 2009: 92). Lakatos was the sort of over-zealous communist who was sometimes a couple of pamphlets ahead.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~In Britain his academic career was meteoric. In 1960 he was appointed Assistant Lecturer in Karl Popper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s department at the London School of Economics. By 1969 he was Professor of Logic, with a worldwide reputation as a philosopher of science. During the student revolts of the 1960s, which in Britain were centred on the LSE, Lakatos became an establishment figure. He wrote a \u8220\'93Letter to the Director of the London School of Economics\u8221\'94 defending academic freedom and academic autonomy, which was widely circulated. It denounces the student radicals for allegedly trying to do what he himself had done at Debrecen and E\u246\'F6tv\u246\'F6s (though he was careful to conceal the parallel, citing Nazi and Muscovite precedents instead) (LTD: 247).}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 What Lakatos does not make so much of (though he does not conceal it either) is that in his view the development of mathematics is also much more like the development of thought\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 in general}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~as analysed by Hegel than\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Hegel}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~himself supposed. There is thesis, antithesis and synthesis, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hegelian language, which [Lakatos thinks would] generally be capable of describing the various developments in mathematics\u8221\'94 (P&R: 146). Thus there is a certain sense in which Lakatos out-Hegels Hegel, giving a dialectical analysis of a discipline (mathematics) that Hegel himself despised as insufficiently dialectical (see Larvor 1998, 1999, 2001). Hence Feyerabend\u8217\'92s gibe (which Lakatos took in good part) that Lakatos was a Pop-Hegelian, the bastard child of Popperian father and a Hegelian mother (F&AM: 184\endash 185).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Proofs and Refutations}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~is a critique of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93formalist\u8221\'94 philosophies of mathematics (including formalism proper, logicism and intuitionism), which, in Lakatos\u8217\'92s view, radically misrepresent the nature of mathematics as an intellectual enterprise. For Lakatos, the development of mathematics should not be construed as series of Euclidean deductions where the contents of the relevant concepts has been carefully specified in advance so as to preclude equivocation. Rather, these water-tight deductions from well-defined premises are the (perhaps temporary)\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 end-points}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of an evolutionary, and indeed a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 dialectical}{\f0\fs24\b0 , process in which the constituent concepts are initially ill-defined, open-ended or ambiguous but become sharper and more precise in the context of a protracted debate. The proofs are refined in conjunction with the concepts (hence \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93proof-generated concepts\u8221\'94) whilst \u8220\'93refutations\u8221\'94 in the form of counterexamples play a prominent part in the process. [One might almost say, paraphrasing Hegel, that in Lakatos\u8217\'92s view \u8220\'93when Euclidean demonstrations paint their grey in grey, then has a shape of mathematical life grown old\u8230\'85The owl of the formalist Minerva begins its flight only with the falling of dusk\u8221\'94 (Hegel 2008 [1820/21]: 16).]}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lakatos is also keen to display the development of mathematics as a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 rational}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~affair even though the proofs (to begin with) are often lacking in logical rigour and the key concepts are often open-ended and unclear}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The idea\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 expressed so clearly by Seidel [and clearly endorsed by Lakatos himself]\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that a proof can be respectable without being flawless, was a revolutionary one in 1847, and, unfortunately, still sounds revolutionary today. (P&R: 139)}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 A corollary of this is that in mathematics many of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93proofs\u8221\'94 are not really proofs in the full sense of the word (that is, demonstrations that proceed deductively from apodictic premises via unquestionable rules of inference to certain conclusions) and that many of the \u8220\'93refutations\u8221\'94 are not really refutations either, since something rather like the \u8220\'93refuted\u8221\'94 thesis often survives the refutation and arises refreshed and invigorated from the dialectical process.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Again, Copernican heliocentric astronomy was born \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93refuted\u8221\'94 because of the apparent non-existence of stellar parallax. If the earth goes round the sun then the apparent position of at least\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 some}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of the fixed stars (namely the closest ones) ought to vary with respect to the more distant ones as the earth is moving with respect to them. Some parts of the night sky should look a little different at perihelion (when the earth is furthest from the sun) from the way that they look at aphelion (when the earth is at its nearest to the sun, and hence at the other end of its orbit). But for nearly three centuries after the publication of Copernicus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 De Revolutionibus}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~1543, no such differences were observed. In fact, there is a very slight difference in the apparent positions of the nearest stars depending on the earth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s position in its orbit, but the difference is so\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 very}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~slight as to be almost undetectable. Indeed it was\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 completely}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~undetectable until 1838 when sufficiently powerful telescopes and measuring techniques were able to detect it, by which time the heliocentric view had long been regarded as an established fact. Thus astronomers had not given up on either Copernicus or his successors despite this apparent falsification.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But if scientists often persist with \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93refuted\u8221\'94 theories, either the scientists are being unscientific or Popper is wrong about what constitutes good science, and hence about what scientists ought to do. Lakatos\u8217\'92s idea is to construct a methodology of science, and with it a demarcation criterion, whose precepts are more in accordance with scientific practice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 How does it work? Well, falsifiability continues to play a part in Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conception of science but its importance is somewhat diminished. Instead of an\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 individual}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~falsifiable theory which ought to be rejected as soon as it is refuted, we have a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sequence}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of falsifiable theories characterized by shared a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 hard core}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of central theses that are deemed irrefutable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or, at least, refutation-resistant\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 by methodological fiat. This sequence of theories constitutes a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 research programme.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The shared hard core of this sequence of theories is often unfalsifiable in\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 two}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~senses of the term.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Firstly scientists working within the programme are typically (and rightly) reluctant to give up on the claims that constitute the hard core.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Secondly the hard core theses\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 by themselves}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~are often devoid of empirical consequences. For example, Newtonian mechanics\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 by itself}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the three laws of mechanics and the law of gravitation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t tell you what you will see in the night sky. To derive empirical predictions from Newtonian mechanics you need a whole host of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 auxiliary hypotheses}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~about the positions, masses and relative velocities of the heavenly bodies, including the earth. (This is related to Duhem\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thesis that, generally speaking, theoretical propositions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and indeed\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sets}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of theoretical propositions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 cannot be conclusively falsified by experimental observations, since they only entail observation-statements in conjunction with auxiliary hypotheses. So when something goes wrong, and the observation statements that they entail turn out to be false, we have\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 two}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~intellectual options: modify the theoretical propositions or modify the auxiliary hypotheses. See Ariew 2014.) For Lakatos an individual theory within a research programme typically consists of two components: the (more or less) irrefutable hard core plus a set of auxiliary hypotheses. Together with the hard core these auxiliary hypotheses entail empirical predictions, thus making the theory as a whole\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hard core plus auxiliary hypotheses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a falsifiable affair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What happens when refutation strikes, that is when the hard core in conjunction with the auxiliary hypotheses entails empirical predictions which turn out to be false? What we have essentially is a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 modus tollens}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~argument in which science supplies one of the premises and nature (plus experiment and observation) supplies the other:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 If <hard core plus auxiliary hypotheses>, then\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 O}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(where\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 O}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~represents some observation statement);}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Not-}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 O}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~(Nature shouts \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93no\u8221\'94: the predictions don\u8217\'92t pan out);}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Therefore}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0 Not <hard core plus auxiliary hypotheses>.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But logic leaves us with a choice. The\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 conjunction}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of the hard core plus the auxiliary hypotheses has to go, but we can retain either the hard core or the auxiliary hypotheses. What Lakatos calls\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 the negative heuristic}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of the research programme, bids us retain the hard core but modify the auxiliary hypotheses:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The negative heuristic of the programme forbids us to direct the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 modus tollens}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~at this \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hard core\u8221\'94. Instead, we must use our ingenuity to articulate or even invent \u8220\'93auxiliary hypotheses\u8221\'94, which form a protective belt around this core, and we must redirect the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 modus tollens}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to these. It is this\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 protective belt}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of auxiliary hypotheses which has to bear the brunt of tests and gets adjusted and re-adjusted, or even completely replaced, to defend the thus-hardened core. (FMSRP: 48)}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Thus when refutation strikes, the scientist constructs a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 new}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~theory, the next in the sequence, with the same hard core but a modified set of auxiliary hypotheses. How is she supposed to do this? Well, associated with the hard core, there is what Lakatos calls the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 positive heuristic}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of the programme.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The positive heuristic consists of a partially articulated set of suggestions or hints on how to change, develop the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93refutable variants\u8221\'94 of the research programme, how to modify, sophisticate, the \u8220\'93refutable\u8221\'94 protective belt. (FMSRP: 50)}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 For example, if a planet is not moving in quite the smooth ellipse that it ought to follow a) if Newtonian mechanics were correct and b) if there were nothing but the sun and the planet itself to worry about, then the positive heuristic of the Newtonian programme bids us look for\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 another}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~heavenly body whose gravitational force might be distorting the first planet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s orbit. Alternatively, if stellar parallax is not observed, we can try to refute this apparent refutation by refining our instruments and making more careful measurements and observations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lakatos evidently thinks that when one theory in the sequence has been refuted, scientists can legitimately persist with the hard core without being in too much of a hurry to construct the next refutable theory in the sequence. The fact that some planetary orbits are not quite what they ought to be should not lead us to abandon Newtonian celestial mechanics, even if we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet have a testable theory about what exactly is distorting them. It is worth remarking too that the auxiliary hypotheses play a rather paradoxical part in Lakatos\u8217\'92s methodology. On the one hand, they\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 connect}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~the central theses of the hard core with experience, allowing to them to figure in testable, and hence, refutable theories. On the other hand, they\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 insulate}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~the theses of the hard core from refutation, since when the arrow of\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 modus tollens}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~strikes, we direct it at the auxiliary hypotheses rather than the hard core.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 So far we have had an account of what scientists typically\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~do and what Lakatos thinks that they\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ought}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to do. But what about the Demarcation Criterion between science and non-science or between good science and bad? Even if it is\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sometimes}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~rational to persist with the hard core of a theory when the hard core plus some set of auxiliary hypotheses has been refuted, there must surely be\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 some}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~circumstances in which is it rational to give it up! The Methodology of Scientific Research Programme has got to be something more than a defence of scientific pig-headedness! As Lakatos himself puts the point:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, Newton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s theory of gravitation, Einstein\u8217\'92s relativity theory, quantum mechanics, Marxism, Freudianism [the last two stock examples of bad science or pseudo-science for Popperians], are all research programmes, each with a characteristic hard core stubbornly defended, each with its more flexible protective belt and each with its elaborate problem-solving machinery. Each of them, at any stage of its development, has unsolved problems and undigested anomalies. All theories, in this sense, are born refuted and die refuted. But are they [all] equally good? (S&P: 4\endash 5.)}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Lakatos, of course, thinks not. Some science is objectively better than other science and some science is so unscientific as to hardly qualify as science at all. So how does he distinguish between \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93a scientific or progressive programme\u8221\'94 and a \u8220\'93pseudoscientific or degenerating one\u8221\'94? (S&P: 4\endash 5.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 To begin with, the unit of scientific evaluation is no longer the individual theory (as with Popper), but the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sequence}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of theories, the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 research programme}{\f0\fs24\b0 . We don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ask ourselves whether this or that theory is scientific or not, or whether it constitutes good or bad science. Rather we ask ourselves whether the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 sequence}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of theories, the research programme, is scientific or non-scientific or constitutes good or bad science. Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s basic idea is that a research programme constitutes\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 good}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~science\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sort of science it is rational to stick with and rational to work on\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if it is\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 progressive}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 bad}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~science\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the kind of science that is, at least, intellectually\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 suspect}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if it is\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 degenerating}{\f0\fs24\b0 . What is it for a research programme to be progressive? It must meet two conditions. Firstly it must be\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 theoretically}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~progressive. That is, each new theory in the sequence must have excess empirical content over its predecessor; it must predict novel and hitherto unexpected facts (FMSRP: 33). Secondly it must be\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 empirically}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~progressive. Some of that novel content has to be corroborated, that is,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 some}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of the new \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93facts\u8221\'94 that the theory predicts must turn out to be true. As Lakatos himself put the point, a research programme \u8220\'93is\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 progressive}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~if it is both theoretically and empirically progressive, and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 degenerating}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~if it is not\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 (FMSRP: 34). Thus a research programme is degenerating if the successive theories do not deliver novel predictions or if the novel predictions that they deliver turn out to be false.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A degenerating research programme, on the other hand (unlike the theories of Newton and Einstein) either fails to predict novel facts at all, or makes novel predictions that are systematically falsified. Marxism, for example, started out as theoretically progressive but empirically degenerate (novel predictions systematically falsified) and ended up as theoretically degenerate as well (no more novel predictions but a desperate attempt to explain away unpredicted \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93observations\u8221\'94 after the event).}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Has\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Marxism ever predicted a stunning novel fact successfully? Never! It has some famous unsuccessful predictions. It predicted the absolute impoverishment of the working class. It predicted that the first socialist revolution would take place in the industrially most developed society. It predicted that socialist societies would be free of revolutions. It predicted that there will be no conflict of interests between socialist countries. Thus the early predictions of Marxism were bold and stunning but they failed. Marxists explained all their failures: they explained the rising living standards of the working class by devising a theory of imperialism; they even explained why the first socialist revolution occurred in industrially backward Russia. They \u8220\'93explained\u8221\'94 Berlin 1953, Budapest 1956, Prague 1968. They \u8220\'93explained\u8221\'94 the Russian-Chinese conflict. But their auxiliary hypotheses were all cooked up after the event to protect Marxian theory from the facts. The Newtonian programme led to novel facts; the Marxian lagged behind the facts and has been running fast to catch up with them. (S&P: 4\endash 5.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 There is another divergence from Popper which helps to explain the above. Lakatos collapses two of Popper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s distinctions into one; the distinction between science and non-science and the distinction between good science and bad. As Lakatos himself put the point in his lectures at the LSE:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The demarcation problem may be formulated in the following terms: what distinguishes science from pseudoscience? This is an extreme way of putting it, since the more general problem, called the Generalized Demarcation Problem, is really the problem of the appraisal of scientific theories, and attempts to answer the question: when is one theory better than another? We are, naturally, assuming a continuous scale whereby the value zero corresponds to a pseudo-scientific theory and positive values to theories considered scientific in a higher or lesser degree. (F&AM: 20)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Apart from the fact that, for Lakatos, a) it can be rational to persist with a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93falsified\u8221\'94 theory, and indeed with theory that is actually inconsistent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 both anathema to Popper\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and that b) that for Lakatos \u8220\'93all theories are born refuted and die refuted\u8221\'94 (S&P: 5) so that there are\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 no}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~unrefuted conjectures for the virtuous scientist to stick with (thus making what Popper would regard as good science practically impossible), Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s methodology of scientific research programmes replaces\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 two}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of Popper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s criteria with one. For Popper has\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 one}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~criterion to distinguish science from non-science (or science from pseudoscience if it is a theory with scientific pretensions) and\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 another}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to distinguish good science from bad science. In Popper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view, a theory is scientific if it is empirically falsifiable and non-scientific if it is not. Being scientific or not is an absolute affair, a matter of either/or, since a theory is scientific so long as there are\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 some}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~observations that would falsify it. Being\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 good}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~science is a matter of degree, since a theory may give more or less hostages to empirical fortune, depending on the boldness of its empirical predictions. For Lakatos on the other hand, non-science or pseudo-science is at one end of a continuum with the best science at the other end of the scale. Thus a theory\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or better, a research programme\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 can start out as genuinely scientific, gradually becoming less so over the course of time (which was Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view of Marxism) without altogether giving up the scientific ghost. Was the Marxism of Lakatos\u8217\'92s day bad science or pseudo-science? From Lakatos\u8217\'92 point of view, the question does not have a determinate answer, the point being that it isn\u8217\'92t\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 good}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~science since it represents a degenerating research programme. But although Lakatos evidently considered Marxism to be in bad way, he could not consign it to the dustbin of history as definitively finished, since (as he often insisted) degenerating research programmes can sometimes stage a comeback.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s strategy was to accept the facts but reverse the value-judgment by developing the twin concepts of a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 degenerating research programme}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 degenerating problem-shift}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and applying them to Carnap\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s successive endeavours. But Carnap\u8217\'92s programme was philosophico-mathematical rather than scientific. So what was wrong with it could not be that it failed to predict novel facts or that its predictions were mostly falsified. For it was not in the business of predicting empirical observations whether novel or otherwise. (Indeed Lakatos\u8217\'92s concept of a degenerating\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 philosophical}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~programme seems to have preceded his concept of a degenerating\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 scientific}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~programme.) So what was wrong with Carnap\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s enterprise? In an effort to solve his original problem, Carnap had to solve a series of sub-problems. Some were solved, others were not, generating sub-sub-problems of their own. Some of these were solved, others were not, generating sub-sub-sub-problems and sub-sub-sub-sub-problems etc. Since some of these sub-problems (or sub-sub-problems) were solved, the programme appeared to its proponents be busy and progressive. But it was drifting further and further away from achieving its original objectives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now for Lakatos, such problem-shifts are not necessarily degenerating. If a programme ends up solving a problem that it did not set out to solve, that is all fine and dandy so long as the problem that it succeeds in solving is more interesting and important than the problem that it\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~set out to solve.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But one may solve problems less interesting than the original one; indeed, in extreme cases, one may end up solving (or trying to solve) no other problems but those which one has oneself created while trying to solve the original problem. In such cases we may talk about a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 degenerating problem-shift}{\f0\fs24\b0 . (}{\f0\fs24\b1 Changes}{\f0\fs24\b0 : 128\endash 9.)}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1 Thus Carnap starts off with the exciting problem of showing how scientific theories can be partially confirmed by empirical facts and ends up with technical papers about drawing different coloured balls out of an urn. In Lakatos\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s opinion this does not constitute intellectual progress. Carnap had lost the plot.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Kuhn saw all this as vindicating his own view, albeit with different terminology (Kuhn 1970: 256, 1977: 1). But this missed the significance of replacing Kuhn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s socio-psychological descriptions with logico-methodological ones. It also missed Lakatos\u8217\'92s claim that there are always competing programmes or paradigms. Hegemony is seldom as total as Kuhn seems to suggest.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 (3) This episode undermines an influential \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hegelian\u8221\'94 reading of Lakatos due to Ian Hacking. According to Hacking,}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Lakatos, educated in Hungary in an Hegelian and Marxist tradition, took for granted the post-Kantian, Hegelian, demolition of correspondence theories (Hacking 1983: 118).}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 This is an odd assertion as Lakatos explicitly endorses the correspondence theory on a number of occasions and even declares truth to be the aim of science, which is why contradictions are intolerable in the long term (FMSRP: 58). But in Hacking\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s view, Lakatos was}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 down on truth, not just a particular theory of truth. He [did] not want a replacement for the correspondence theory, but a replacement for truth itself (Hacking 1983: 119).}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 He found his replacement in the concept of progress.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Lakatos then defines objectivity and rationality in terms of progressive research programmes, and allows an incident in the history of science to be objective and rational if its internal history can be written as a sequence of progressive problem shifts (Hacking 1983: 126).}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Progress becomes a surrogate for truth. We don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ask whether a theory is true or not but only whether it is part of a progressive programme. To paraphrase the young Karl Popper,}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 in the logic of science [that Lakatos has] outlined it is possible to avoid using the concepts \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93true\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93false\u8221\'94 [which, in Lakatos\u8217\'92s opinion, is a jolly good thing!] (LSD: 273).}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But if Lakatos had really been such an anti-truth-freak, he would not have congratulated Popper on his Tarskian turn. Rather he would have condemned him for taking the vacuous concept of truth to be the aim of science. As for the disconnect between the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 aim}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of science and the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 game}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of science, he would have recommended that Popper resolve it by dropping the aim and substituting the game (which, according to Hacking, was what Lakatos himself was trying to do). If truth were not the object of the exercise, there would be no need for a whiff of inductivism to connect Popper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s method with science\u8217\'92s ultimate objective. But Lakatos\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~think that a whiff of inductivism was needed to connect Popper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s method with science\u8217\'92s objective. Hence Lakatos believed that truth was the object of the scientific enterprise. Whatever the remnants of Hegelianism that Lakatos retained in later life, an aversion to truth (or to the correspondence theory of truth ) was not one of them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 eyerabend poses a dilemma. Suppose we apply the Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s methodology of scientific research programmes in a conservative or rigouristic spirit. Scientists are urged to abandon degenerating research programmes in favour of the progressive, and grant-giving agencies are urged to defund them. After all, such programmes are condemned by the Demarcation Criterion as\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 bad}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~science or even\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 non}{\f0\fs24\b0 -science! At the very least, the adherents of degenerating research programmes must bear the stigma of irrationality, owning up to their scientific sins. But in that case Lakatos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s MSRP would be condemning some research programmes to death as bad science or even non-science that might otherwise recover their progressive (and hence their scientific) status. Thus Lakatos would be vulnerable to the same criticism that he himself applies to Popper\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would be excluding some of the best science as unscientific (that is, research programmes that have suffered a degenerating phase only to stage a magnificent comeback). In response to this, Lakatos distinguished appraisal from advice, and said that the task of the philosopher of science is to issue rules of appraisal, not to advise scientists (or grant-giving agencies) about what they ought to do. The Demarcation Criterion can evaluate the current state of play but it does not tell anyone what to do about it. (To paraphrase Marx\u8217\'92s Thesis XI, \u8220\'93Methodologists hitherto have attempted to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 change}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~the world of scientific research in various ways; the point, however is to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 appraise}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94.) The MSRP does enjoin a principle of scientific honesty, namely that the adherents of degenerating research programmes should own up to their methodological shortcomings, such as the lack of novel predictions or the falsification of the predictions that they have made. However, so long as they admit to these failures they can (rationally?) persist in their degenerate ways.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But in that case Lakatos is gored by the other horn of Feyerabend\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dilemma. For Feyerabend argues that a Demarcation Criterion that cannot tell anyone what to do or not to do is scarcely distinguishable from \u8220\'93Anything goes\u8221\'94. To revert to Feyerabend\u8217\'92s political analogy, what is the difference between an anarchist society and a \u8220\'93state\u8221\'94 where the \u8220\'93police\u8221\'94 can\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 appraise}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~people for their \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93criminal\u8221\'94 or \u8220\'93law-abiding\u8221\'94 behaviour but can never make an arrest or send anyone to jail? That\u8217\'92s a \u8220\'93state\u8221\'94 which isn\u8217\'92t a state and a \u8220\'93police force\u8221\'94 which isn\u8217\'92t a police force! We have not scientific law-and-order but anarchy, accompanied by uplifting sermons and benedictions posthumously bestowed on the mighty scientific dead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 However, aside from these threats, a developed answer to Feyerabend\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dilemma is conspicuous by its absence. One is reminded of King Lear:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 I will do such things,\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line What they are, yet I know not: but they shall be\line The terrors of the\~earth.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0}