{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Old Elrahet was the new pacesetter, and so their slow march into the evening was a welcome relief to Mandrameen. The canyon shadows grew black and the brilliant blue of the sky overhead dimmed into purpler hues. It was near the golden hour when the path led up a steep rise and emptied out onto the heights of the Goree plateau. Behind them was the bewildering maze of canyon cracks that stretched out for miles before fading into the dark rift of the Pass. In front of them was a structure that blurred the line between the work of Nature and the work of humanity, for at once it was both a building and a mountain, at once a fat, flat-topped spire of stone and a temple whose walls were embossed with geometric patterns composed of simple shapes; circles, diamonds, squares, and triangles, and these shapes came together to roughly resemble faces. Animal faces, demonic faces, faces inside of faces. An oval the size of four-floor building demarcated the edges of a fox\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gape, and the nostrils of the fox were the eyes of a crow, and the beak of the crow was the nose of a snarling demon. These designs wrapped around the lower floors, though these were still high up, for the temple sat on top of a sloping hill of rock rubble, rubble laid down by both the right and left despoiling hands: time and humanity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was Shulgi, the sanctuary of the Greskalun, and Mandri had never seen its like in a painting. All the monumental wonders of humanity get their place in Hrkan art, and so by rights Shulgi should have been included. The Hrkan brush is especially attracted to the monuments of the outland tribes, for the glories of the conquered can only heighten the glory of the Hrkan conqueror. This temple would have been one of the brightest jewels in the crown of crowns, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s even after accounting for the effects of the bewitching evening sun whose amber rays made the structure seem to burst in flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lack of its account in Hrkan art could only be explained by ignorance. The Hrkan Lords did not know of it. If they did, they would have swept away the Greskalun a long time ago, and if they learned of it now, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have a much easier time of it because the building was an empty husk. Above the graven faces on the temple\u8217\'92s wall were rows of mullioned arch windows, each as black and empty of candlelight as the last. If this were a living temple, there would be light, there would be movement, there would be voices chanting Old Jandri hymns with all the guttural intensity of a lizard litter that\u8217\'92s been brushed with the scent of a female. But the air was silent save for the whistling wind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto jogged past Mandri to take up his rightful place at the head of the Ayramless column. Then he led them all up Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mound. It felt to Mandri like he was being led to his doom, for Shulgi\u8217\'92s yawning entrance arch was the open mouth of a triangle-headed snake. Moto pulled his sword as he approached, as if he were about to do battle with the building itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone get a torch going,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah was a step ahead of him, already striking sparks of flint onto a bundle of torch sticks she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d stuck in the ground. The dried resin caught flame quickly, and soon it was burning brightly, sending a thick cloud of black smoke swirling into the air. Moto yanked the torch out of the ground and thrust it into the temple interior. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he did, a swarm of bats flew out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew it wasn\u8217\'92t empty,\u8221\'94 Moto declared as he watched the bats swirl around the temple wall, screeching, and then disappear back into some unseen hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells too foul to be empty,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl frowned and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It smells like stale piss.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All piss smells stale.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose you would know,\u8221\'94 said Purl as she followed Moto\u8217\'92s light into the temple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet were glad to be on smooth, flat stone. And he was glad to be \u8216\'91inside\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was a distinction that he forgot existed after spending so long wandering in the wilderness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Insideness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So what if there were bats? Bats were fine. Aside from the Ayramun and the bats, and maybe lizards, Mandri was confident that nothing else was inside. No demon would set foot in such a sacred place. Looters would, but if they had discovered this temple, then there wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be a giant golden statue of Solraheen holding court at the back of the entrance hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As far as statues of the Most Favored go, this one was a common Old Jandri design, called the closet style, where Solraheen is shown sitting so as to mark the place as His dwelling. His body is smooth and featureless. His face is round, alive, and enlightened. His pose is rigid as a board. The Hrks would later give Him the muscles of a hero, but this was older, and if oldness is closer to truth, it was truer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had never seen an idol this this big. Shulgi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Solraheen was at least twenty feet tall, and He dominated the hall. Where others were usually inset into a wall, sitting on a notch of stone, this one sat upon a bronze throne pillowed with opalescent lizard hides polished to a sheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto held his torch aloft, and its dancing flame made the statue glitter in the dimness, though Solraheen and His throne did not glitter as brightly as Mandrameen expected. A thin layer of dust dulled the luster. And worse: Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s golden skin was sickly green.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tarnished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But pure gold cannot tarnish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri winced at the iniquity. No wonder Solraheen did not deliver the Greskalun from their suffering, for they had polluted His flesh with impure metals, and worse: at His feet there were two long-necked shooki jugs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jugs of urine. This was narrative proximity. It could only mean that the Greskalun were bathing their God in their own piss to try and scrub away the tarnish. One indignity to wash away another. They should have settled for a smaller statue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 None of the Ayramun seemed to care about any of this. Moto marched right past Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left leg, and everyone followed him into the blackness of a sharp-arched doorway. Mandri huffed, and followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto led them up a narrow stairwell. Their shuffling feet and Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s haggard grunts of effort echoed out and echoed back as if they were being followed by their own ghosts. These were troublesome stairs, steep, and every step had to be dealt with on its own terms. Every step had it\u8217\'92s own unique slump of a face from the wear of ages. They looked more like layers of melted wax than stone. And three flights up, Mandri noticed a black stain on one of these steps, and this stain climbed up the stairs with him as he went. He supposed it was the result of an oil drip from an uncared-for lamp somewhere above, but there were no lampholds bolted to the wall, only the black soot of torches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t oil, well, it could be a number of other substances. Could be that in the bustle to escape, someone knocked over a keg of dark, rye beer, and that pooled up and found a groove and poured down the stairs. But Mandri supposed it was blood. In fact, he felt certain that it was blood. It had explanatory power. It explained more than the mere presence of a stair stain. It explained the , and the, , and his fears were all but confirmed when Moto, who was still stomping along up above, suddenly stopped. Everyone behind him bumped into each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on,\u8221\'94 Elrahet grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice quivered. \u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85I think we should go back down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet scoffed at the suggestion and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going back down. We\u8217\'92re right here, so get a move on!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto relented, and they all filtered into a long room that had windows open to the evening light, plenty of light for them to see the pallid body of a man curled up on the floor, his dessicated flesh framed by a void-stain of blood. Between him and the Ayramun was a wind-swept pile of white ash from a long-dead fire, and these wind-swept trails of ash had swirled around the room to speckle the floor and walls and the scattered remains of all creatures. Lizards, bats, foxes, mice, beetles. At least two humans. One man in a dark corner, his dessicated head still attached to his spine. One older woman, nearer to the fire. What indignities had been done to her had been done, Mandri hoped, when she was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet broke the stunned silence when she waddled up to that blood-drained fellow by the pile of ash and poked him hard with her staff.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do so much as jiggle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s dead,\u8221\'94 Elrahet declared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This man, face down, was as bald as Obo and nearly as pale. He was wearing a green robe. Elrahet bent down and rubbed the fabric between her fingers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The robe of Greskal\u8217\'92s prince,\u8221\'94 she said confidently. \u8220\'93Is that what we have here, do you think? Is this young Greskaleen? Or a scrounger with a stolen robe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is interesting\u8230\'85 he was growing horns.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chin towards the Ayramun with the tip of her cane, and sure enough, there were two fleshy nubs protruding from the dead man\u8217\'92s forehead. His jaw lolled open and his eyes were reduced to a brownish goo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Long dead, and yet there\u8217\'92s not a grub on him. And the bats have stayn away as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 said Moto. \u8220\'93Everyone, back out. We\u8217\'92re not waiting in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 Elrahet snapped. She stabbed the floor with her cane and said, \u8220\'93Ayram said to wait in this room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 said Moto, \u8220\'93Ayram said to wait in this room if the temple is empty. I don\u8217\'92t know what you call this, but this is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  empty.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re afeared of this man\u8217\'92s killer, then your fears are. This man killed himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He killed himself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Took out his own stomach, I think. I bet it\u8217\'92s lying under his body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does it mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t be sure until he\u8217\'92s been flipped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Expectant eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you want to be gone, then be gone. Know that I\u8217\'92ll be listening keen for when Ayram slaps you silly for leaving his witch behind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayramun relax. Spread out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone flip this creature for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, go help the woman.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri accepted, knowing Moto would take it out on him.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you want me to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at that\u8230\'85Still fresh as the day it was cut out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto stopped in his tracks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll sound like a faint slap. I suppose you\u8217\'92ll hear it much better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They take off their packs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now we wait for Ayram.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take out the looking crystal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri sees a demon - there it is!}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Night-time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram shows up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram is spooked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did ya find the Hrks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did ya find-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, what did I say\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was only askin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you looking for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Demons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri saw one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It crawled down into that weird hole over there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They split up. One group is lost, and I set a false trail for the other. They won\u8217\'92t be here until morning.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Like ants seeking food.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see one!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There, crawling on all fours, unaware.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then another crawled out, signaled to other in a rocking motion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the number of limbs. Some had six limbs, some had four, some had an uncountable number, insect-like, and some were missing heads altogether, that the head was a limb that could be left-out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bats fly out of the hole. Black bats. Mandri he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d shove that fact in Obo\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No horn of battle. They slipped down the crack, as silent as lizards on the hunt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A distant shout of fury. Only human throats. The light of the torches were snuffed out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A blood-thirsty screech of a bat given the lungs of ox.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Poured fourth. At least two hundred. searching for him and the Ayramun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Look on with doom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leaping across cracks, inhuman.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We need to leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And go where? We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve trapped ourselves like a dingo of fools.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri - electric fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her sudden fury.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring me the Mazyd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on,\u8221\'94 said Ayram. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t fight them all. We can\u8217\'92t run. We bring the mazyd and let them be consumed by his fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did not sacrifice all of my people just to waste my Mazyd on a horde of demons. Let the Hrks deal with them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hrks will deal with them, sure, as they pick their teeth with our bones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet bowed towards Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, the choice is yours, my Lord Ayram. But before you decide to fend them off with your iron, remember: one demon is a nuisance, twenty is a fright, hundreds mean an Amalgamete swells out of sight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram slams in frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. Do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet turned to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring me the Mazyd,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And the Riga.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb stepped forward. Spins around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Riga child limp. Blood spilled from it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatchu mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bustle as they untie the Riga from Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pack. Elrahet looks over it on the floor, her questing fingers digging into the.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s throat is crushed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elrahet, sat back, defeated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you do, Seb?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t do anything. It was on my back the whole time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why is it\u8217\'92s throat crushed? Did you sit back against a?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t do anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure you didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, I didn\u8217\'92t see you offerin\u8217\'92 to carry the damn thing. It\u8217\'92s same as always with you. Do nothin an blame me for pulling extra weight. Well I\u8217\'92m sorry the Riga is spoilt, but I\u8217\'92ll go find.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram, intimidating. Seb cowering.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s over, then. There\u8217\'92s no bringing this body back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said be QUIET!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his eyes were the fires of all those lives he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spent to try and tame the Mazyd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Breathe a sound and I will gut you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tosses him before Elrahet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Use him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The witch looked down at Seb, amused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For what?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Use his Spark to bring back the Mazyd.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This ulcerous stomach is still half-grown, old as it is. His Spark is as dim as a child\u8217\'92s. Might as well catch the wind with a thimble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What to do with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb prostrates himself before Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I made a mistake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb\u8230\'85 you know how many men I\u8217\'92ve killed, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hundreds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did I kill them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because they are Evil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. No, they weren\u8217\'92t evil. Those demons outside, those are evil. Many of the men I\u8217\'92ve killed were good men. Better than you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leans down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I killed them because they tried to stop me. And where they all failed, here you are, succeeding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was an accident.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would it be fair to those good men to let you go free, just because you didn\u8217\'92t mean to do it? You see, Seb, it\u8217\'92s not that you are an enemy of mine, it\u8217\'92s that you are an enemy of my mission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry. I\u8217\'92m sorry. Forgive me. Please\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t tug at my mercy, whelp. I have none.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you are Ayramun, I will give you one chance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anything. I\u8217\'92ll do anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s only one thing you can do to prove your devotion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram pulled Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blade from out his belt, and set it on the ground. \u8220\'93Kill yourself,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram glowered over Seb, who had ceased his whimpering as soon .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obey me,\u8221\'94 Ayram demanded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blood threaded through the cracks in the tiled floor, a river .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feel no sympathy,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, \u8220\'93for his fate may be our own. Demons come for our very Sparks and so you must kill yourselves lest they capture you alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri still felt a little sympathy. His eyes were on those God\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s an Amalgamete?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea.\u8221\'94\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}