{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Youve been quiet mandri\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri mopes around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Filling the shit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Starting to lose it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I could go and kill the rich. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then what? What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s next? More rich. Everyone is only in it for themselves.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella liked to say that to be an Ayramun was to be tied to a wheel of pain the size of a calendar year. As it revolves it grinds the Ayramun into the frenzy of the fight, it mixes them with all the excitement and passion they can handle - but then it keeps rolling along and suddenly they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re pulled right out of the blood and guts and into interminable boredom of waiting for it all to come back around. Sometimes it\u8217\'92s more than a year until the next bit of action, sometimes it\u8217\'92s much less. The way the Ayramun operated meant there\u8217\'92d never be too much risk and so there\u8217\'92d always be too much waiting. It was only bearable because they never lost. But now, they\u8217\'92d lost half their number, and Ayram was unconscious on the floor of their cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To make matters worse, the blast that killed their friends had also destroyed the caravan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wagons and whatever was in them. The pickings were so poor that they could fit inside a single man-sized sack. Only Mandri and Purloin bothered to sort it all. The two were busy at it by the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Still not found a scrap of gold,\u8221\'94 Purloin complained as she pulled a half-shattered iron cookplate out of the bag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a fleck of it,\u8221\'94 Mandri affirmed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purloin, called Purl, was such a waifish, half-starved looking thing that she made Mandri look well-fed. She was also missing her right arm, a fact which leaned into the running joke that time was turning her into a lockpick, being so thin, knobby, and unbalanced as she was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri had already given up hope that there was anything valuable tucked inside the few rusted tinboxes he was pulling out of the bag. There was only the affects of men roughing it on long march: melted sticks of lye soap, cheap coins, spoons, and little levers for handmills. Junk. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri grew more and and more frustrated by the sight of each new trifle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I even scoured that crater,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Not a fleck of gold in it. Gold should have survived that blast. If a tin-box and barrel bands survived, gold should have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No gold,\u8221\'94 Purl moaned. \u8220\'93Even if we melt this all down, it comes to what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shook his head in disgust. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not worth thirty Ayramun, that\u8217\'92s for  damned sure. This shit ain\u8217\'92t worth lookin\u8217\'92 at.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stuffed the tinboxes back into the loot bag and tightened the drawstring as tight as he could. He then laced the opening so that nothing could fall out - not that it mattered if anything fell out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, we should toss this trash,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s worth something,\u8221\'94 Purl argued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well I\u8217\'92m not hauling it. You gonna do it? You can hardly carry yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll get someone to help,\u8221\'94 Purl said defensively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get who? There\u8217\'92s like ten of us left.  All the stuff we need to carry, and you want to carry this shit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sunken eyes glared out at Mandri. \u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t leavin\u8217\'92 that ambush with nothin\u8217\'92 to show for it!\u8221\'94 she snapped. \u8220\'93You wanna leave thirty dead friends for nothin\u8217\'92, you go ahead. But I\u8217\'92ll make them count for somethin\u8217\'92, and I\u8217\'92ll bet theres at least one other who does too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shrugged off Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s indictment with a smile.\u8220\'93But that only makes it worse, doesn\u8217\'92t it,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Thirty dead for a pocket of silver somehow feels worse than thirty dead for nothin.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl rose to her feet and pointed her finger at Mandri. Her voice was thick with acrimony as she accused him of having no heart. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I bet you don\u8217\'92t even care and never did. You don\u8217\'92t like anyone. You say it all the time. I bet you don\u8217\'92t even care that Sentee, Cally, and Poor are dead. What are you even here for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I don\u8217\'92t care?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leather bag of scrolls was nearby, the one\u8217\'92s with the stories of the Ayramun. He reached in and grabbed a handful of them, and right of the top was Sentee\u8217\'92s. Hers was a familiar story - cast out into the Sand because of something she\u8217\'92d done. Then picked up by Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri pointed out the thick letters he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d printed at the top of the page to Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see this?\u8221\'94 he asked her.  \u8220\'93This spells \u8216\'91Sentee\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tossed the scroll into the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl crossed her arms and feigned indifference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah yes, here\u8217\'92s Cally too. And Poor. And Jor, Iltwin, and For. They\u8217\'92re all dead, too. Won\u8217\'92t need these then. \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing!?\u8221\'94 Purl shouted as Mandri made to toss them into the flames. Mandri stood there with a quizzical frown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you say I don\u8217\'92t care, then I guess I don\u8217\'92t care. Spent all this time getting to know them, but your right, it doesn\u8217\'92t mean anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hell is wrong with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You almost seem more upset at me for tossing these papers away, than at Ayram for tossing away their actual lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gall of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words echoed around the cave, pricking the ears of any Ayramun who were trying to shut out the bickering. One by one they turned their eyes turned to the fire, squinting in disbelief, wrinkling their noses at the stink of Mandri\u8217\'92s insinuation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Purl, for her part, was trying piece together what Mandri had just said. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard him alright, but like the others, couldn\u8217\'92t believe he went at Ayram like that. She even tried to repeat the words, to dress them up with derision and trivialize the matter, but found she couldn\u8217\'92t do it. To blame Ayram for anything, when you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 knew}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  him, was impossible. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri was starting to get a sense for the attention he was drawing to himself. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? I\u8217\'92m just saying that it\u8217\'92s weak to try to make them that\u8217\'92s dead }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 mean}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  something when they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. Accept that they\u8217\'92re dead and they died for nothin.  Accept facts as facts - Ayram screwed up, put us out on bad info, and then people died. We lost. And when you lose you don\u8217\'92t get somethin\u8217\'92 for it so stop tryin\u8217\'92 to get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We didn\u8217\'92t lose,\u8221\'94 Purl said through clenched teeth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This sure as hell ain\u8217\'92t winning. What would you call this empty cave? Seems like a whole lot of losing to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We didn\u8217\'92t lose because this ain\u8217\'92t over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And just what is all twelve pounds of Purloin the bone-bag going to do to the Empire?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to do what Ayram said we\u8217\'92d do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram? You still believe in him? In one night we\u8217\'92ve lost half of what we\u8217\'92ve gained in twenty years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The weight of the attention thrown at the fire knocked the two out of their little spat. But Mandrameen was a pure-blooded Jandrian, proud and resolute to the last. He would stand by his convictions. His voice rose to challenge the heightened tension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not interested in merely surviving out here, if you can call this surviving,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93If we\u8217\'92re going to die by the dozens, we should to be closer to Jeket, closer to the people whose lives we\u8217\'92re trying to change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella was near to the fire. Close to him. She was looking right through his skull with the eyes of a hungry lion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yesterday, there was what, fourty of us? Today there\u8217\'92s fourteen. There\u8217\'92s over a million people in Jeket! Five hundred thousand spread out on the coast near Shul. We\u8217\'92re not the ones who are going to toss the Empire out of Jandri. If the war is going to be won, its the people who are going to do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella spat into the flames.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Ayram that\u8217\'92s going to win this war,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I spent twenty years, longer than you\u8217\'92ve been alive, trying to stir Jeket into fury. Jeket\u8230\'85 Jeket had a hundred years to do something about the terrors inflicted on them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri scoured the blinking darkness for a sympathetic face. He need just one pair of eyes to match his gaze, to share his confidence and give it right back redoubled. But he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see well enough into the dark. If there was any agreement there, it was hidden in the shadows of their faces. There was only Purl and Pella. They, and the mage, were the only ones near enough to the fire for Mandri to read.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, I used to be you,\u8221\'94 Pella said. \u8220\'93Young and ignorant. Using every \u8216\'91mistake\u8217\'92 leadership makes as a prop for your own ideas. You just haven\u8217\'92t lived long enough to be disappointed by how the world works. I won\u8217\'92t hold it against you. But you need to shut up now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s the gold, Pella?\u8221\'94, Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sit down, boy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m only asking a question. Where\u8217\'92s the gold?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pella \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The gold is right here you idiot!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The mage?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The MAZYDEI!\u8221\'94 Pella croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All eyes turned to the naked mage. The Mazydei. The Spark of the Schisma Guilds. General of the Empire. The most powerful being on the continent. To a cultish band on the edge of the continent trying to strike a blow to the Empire, he was the most valuable thing in the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes. You sad, pitiful creatures.\u8221\'94 Pella said. She then mocked their complaints. Not just Mandri either. She paced up and down the fire, scanning the darkness for sad faces as she mocked their wekness. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Boo-hoo, there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s no gold! All these deaths with nothing to show for it. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m sorry to burst your pity party, but we\u8217\'92ve got a Mazydei in our midst. Does that not liven you up a little bit? Oh, now you\u8217\'92re speechless, Mandri? Does this not meet your criteria for success?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind was reeling at the revelation that there was a Mazydei on the floor of their cave. He\u8217\'92d only ever seen a Mazydei once, when he was a little boy. A Mazydei general led an Imperial column through the streets of his city of Belize. But that Mazydei had been a giant - ten feet tall and as stout as an ox. The twiggy creature that lay there helpless in the sand seemed another kind of thing altogether.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need to say something that might convince sogasa that they wont kill him if he revealas himself. He thinks these are going to be bloodthirsty bandits. But whateves.}}