{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl offered Mandri a snack of binks. A bink was a yellow nut the size of a tooth, with black spots on either end. They were quite bitter. Mandri preferred the bland hardtack. Purl said that binks were better for him than hardtack because they had healing properties. She said that there were mice living in the Sand that, if he could believe it, subsisted entirely on binks. It gets them through the severest droughts. She once had a pet mouse and was careful to never let it drink. It lived on a diet of binks until the mousey old age of two. Mandri doubted the story, but he did not do so out loud, as earlier that day he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen her lagging behind the others looking like she was about to give up and die\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 feet dragging, head sagging, sobbing, nursing her injured arm like it were a dying cat. Elrahet and Moteah were there, walking in front of her, seemingly oblivious to the grief streaming down Purl\u8217\'92s face, or perhaps they had been the cause and didn\u8217\'92t care. Whatever the story, Mandri was careful around the girl because she had enough to deal with.}}