{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \fi720\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A man who expects too much sets out into the Sand alone. Unbeknown to him, a woman who expects too little sets out from the opposite direction. The two travelers happen to cross paths in the shifting middle of the Sand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Empty Portion. They are hundreds of leagues from any farm or road, hundreds of years from anyone ever setting foot in that spot of the world again. It\u8217\'92s an unlikely convergence in space and time, in the most inhospitable desert, yet the man who expects too much will doubt the significance of this meeting. He actually expects to find a bit of strangeness out in the great sand sea\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 after all, the desert is large but the world is small and full of chance encounters. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looks at the woman who he has stumbled upon and all he can see is the fulfillment of expectation. That is all it is to the man who expects too much. No need to invoke the name of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The other traveler, the woman who expects too little, she is stunned by the significance of the moment. She did not expect to see another person in a place where no one else should be. After all, this part of the Sand is large and full of nothing. For this to happen, for two Sparks to meet in such a wasteland without intending to, well, it could not be a simple coincidence. She and he must have been brought together for some purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Overwhelmed by this glimpse of the divine plan, she turns her eyes to the heavens and invokes the name of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The story ends there. It is nine long lines in the original Old Jandri script, nine lines scratched into an old clay tablet the size of a washing board. Some say the ending is missing, that there is another tablet hidden in a secret vault of some ancient city buried by time, waiting for providence to be revealed. Solitants preach that there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 must}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  be another tablet, one which proves that the story is about Solraheen Himself. They say Solraheen is the man who expects too little. The woman is his bride. It is the story of their meeting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But what do they know?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re freaks. Maybe that man was just a man and the woman was just a woman and that\u8217\'92s all there is to it. That\u8217\'92s what Seb Ugluu believed. Sometimes he\u8217\'92d dare to venture even further and say that the man and woman never existed at all and that the story is a fable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d tell anyone who\u8217\'92d listen to his liquored up sermons that this story, the raw events, were not important. What was important was the lesson, and there }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a lesson in those nine lines, a lesson that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s made easier to see by asking a few simple questions:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  What would have happened if the woman had journeyed into the desert and made it through safely without encountering a soul? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Absolutely nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And if nothing had happened, would she have glimpsed the divine plan? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Absolutely not.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She would have trudged along the ridges of the ergs, her shoulder set against the wind, and she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have given a single thought to Solraheen except to pray for her safety.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She never would have been overwhelmed by His mysteries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She never would have shed a tear at the wonder of chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She never would have turned her eyes to the heavens and laced His name with magnificence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And yet, Solraheen would have been there all the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92d be the lesson,\u8221\'94 Seb would say. Solraheen\u8217\'92s hand is there and it is always there. It is there in the meeting, and it is there in the absence of it. It is there in the pain, and it is there in the pleasure. To be struck dumb by the sight of His plan in one case and not the other is the same as to not see the plan at all. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The key was to avoid expectations. Expectations turn the vividness of the present moment into an ignorable blur. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb liked to put it a little more bluntly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Expectations will get ya up the ass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said it, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, none of this stopped him from having expectations himself. No one is perfect. Not even Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was something of a master of low expectations, because thirty years of living in a desert land that most languages call Emptiness made it easy to keep expectations as low as possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Like clouds. Seb did not expect to see clouds. This close to the coast one might have expected to see a bit of moisture pluming the sky but Seb knew better. He knew how the Hias mountains shadowed the Junei hills from rain, how the Istil wind was too weak to carry water up and over those peaks. It was strange because the Hias were hardly mountains at all. The Burgos mountains, those were mountains, fully grown mountains with bald heads and stern granite faces frowning at pilgrims passing by. The Hias were nothing but big mounds of dirt pimpled with boulders. Chins tufted with thornscrub. It seemed like even the weakest watering wind should be able to make it up and over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The winds used to be able to do it, in some ancient age. The evidence was there in the foothills. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d walked the ridges of the Hias and he\u8217\'92d looked east towards the Junei Plain where he could see the lighter orange clay of long-dried washes snaking through the red foothills for as far as there were foothills.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Of course, when he was down in those foothills he never noticed the washes. Down there he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only see sun baked clay and that clay is so hard that he couldn\u8217\'92t imagine it had ever seen rain. One night, Seb spit on the ground and when he woke, five whole hands later, that glob of spit was still there. The ground was so hard his spit couldn\u8217\'92t seep into it. Some of that might have to do with the fact that Seb\u8217\'92s spit was thick and sticky from all the borcandi spines he chewed, but still, it proved the point. It was like the ground had been dry for so long that it didn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 want }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 to get wet. Like that story of the lonesome spearman who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been at war for so long that when he returned home to the kindness of his wife he killed her. Just couldn\u8217\'92t deal with a good loving. The Hias hills were like that. A lot of the Sand was like that. Hateful. Nothing lived in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Absolutely nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were lizards, but lizards were everywhere so they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count. Piss on a rock, any rock, and some little lizard will scuttle out from nowhere to sip the urine. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Birds don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t count either because they\u8217\'92re only passing through. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beetles could be found by ripping the waxy bark off bamber trees. Sometimes Seb would have to bore all the way into the tree\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stringy, yellow core to find them. But green crust beetles don\u8217\'92t count as \u8216\'91something\u8217\'92. The problem with them is their shells guard a smell that makes the stomach curl, and that smell can\u8217\'92t be boiled or steamed, so they aren\u8217\'92t good eating, and as far as Seb was concerned, if it\u8217\'92s not good eating it might as well not exist. The only things worth paying any mind are things that kill and the things that keep him alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everything else is nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s men out in the Sand, but men are boring. There\u8217\'92s women, but that\u8217\'92s all Seb would say about them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they\u8217\'92re out there. There were other things too, but mostly there was nothing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what Seb saw as he stood atop one of the Junei foothills and looked out over the red and empty Junei plain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he saw nothing. Mostly he saw nothing because his eyes weren\u8217\'92t good at seeing way far out. It was mostly a blur. But even if he could see he knew there wouldn\u8217\'92t be a horizon because it\u8217\'92d be lost in the shimmer of a mirage, the kind that looks like water only it's not. A mirage was the perfect metaphor for how Seb viewed the Sand, because it looked like something, but really it was nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Lots and lots of nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ey, Seb! There's somethin \u8216\'91ere!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears pricked at the words. The shout had come from a nearby ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Quick and spry as a lizard zipped up on freeweed, Seb scrambled over to the lip of that ravine and peered down into its deep belly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 One of his fellows was standing there in the middle of it. All the Ayramun were swaddled from head to toe in brown or black wool dusted red by clay, but Seb knew it was Gugi down there because of the way he stood. Only Seb and Gugi stood with that twitchy restlessness that marks out a Jandri man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not stopped chewing the spines of borcandi leaves since the day they were weaned off the tit. And Gugi was also a little taller than most. A little lankier. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi stuck his skinny arm up in the air and waved it towards Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sneered at the eagerness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put your goddamned hand down,\u8221\'94 Seb shouted. \u8220\'93I can see ya just fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then get your ass down here!\u8221\'94 Gugi shouted back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb harrumphed, then started his climb down into the ravine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As far as ravines go it seemed as full of nothing as any other ravine. It was steeper than most, and it was dry and dusty so Seb struggled to find purchase on the slope. He was forced into a clumsy half-scramble-half-slide to get down the bottom, which was about thirty yards down. Once there he took a moment to shake out the dirt that had fallen into his left boot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The unexpected thing about this ravine was how even and straight it was, almost like a road. It went straight as an arrow for a full fifty yards before getting lost around a bend. This run was speckled with the dried out husks of karkle bushes. They looked like big black hairballs. Gugi was standing in front of one of them, looking a little spooked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb took his time ambling on over. He fingered a fresh borcandi spine out of his sleeve pocket as he went. He knew there wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be anything worth noticing because Gugi had a penchant for pointing out any old thing that caught his interest. Maybe there\u8217\'92d be a pricked-up drag-belly hissing inside that bush, but fat little lizards doing four-legged push-ups and flashing their ruddy throats weren\u8217\'92t worth shouting about. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 something}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 They were to be expected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Part of the ignorable blur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi urged him on with an impatient flap of his hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb laughed and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ain\u8217\'92t gonna run in this heat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi shook his head and mumbled something Seb couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pipe down, white light, I\u8217\'92m comin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb eyed the karkle bush. There was definitely something hidden underneath its twiggy branches. A lumpy shape of something shadowed. A creature of some sort. Big, dark, unmoving, and apparently unconcerned with how Gugi was brushing the karkle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s branches aside to get a better look. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 Seb asked as he crouched next to Gugi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See for yourself,\u8221\'94 Gugi said as he parted the bush\u8217\'92s brambles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb peered down into the bush\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow. His jaw went slack in surprise, and his barely-chewed borcandi spine slipped from his lip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol\u8217\'92s shadow,\u8221\'94 he muttered. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a skeleton underneath that damned bush.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Gugi said, eyes open wide in frightened wonder. \u8220\'93Ya know, this is the first bush I looked under.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. The first one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep. It\u8217\'92s the first bush I looked under. I was like, this bush is in the perfect position, halfway-up, halfway-down, bet it will be the best spot to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sayin\u8217\'92 this is the first bush you looked under?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes weren\u8217\'92t lying. It was the first bush he\u8217\'92d looked under. There were at least forty other bushes in that dusty ravine, and the first one Gugi looks under has got a dead body in it. A quick glance around told Seb it was probably the only one that had a full set of bones in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was really something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A strange coincidence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A divine sign.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin prickled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He picked up his dropped chew and popped it back into his mouth, and resumed his chewing with zeal. It was a little sandy, but Seb wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to waste a spine. Spines helped him think. They helped him find reasonable conclusions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This could be a prank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He eyed Gugi with suspicion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi was a prankster, had a prankster\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thin, a long crooked nose, restless eyes, bad skin, mostly it was in the way he chewed his spines, open-mouthed, provocative, sigh-smiling. It was nasty, the way he chewed, because the man\u8217\'92s teeth were rubbed down to black and yellow nubs. Seb\u8217\'92s teeth were like that too, but he had the good sense to keep his mouth shut. Even when he talked, his lips worked hard to conceal the graveyard in his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ain\u8217\'92t fresh. And it don\u8217\'92t smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb looked down, and no shit it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi started playing a game of point-and-see, like he was want to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got an arm,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93A white tunic of somewhat. Skin don\u8217\'92t look too dried out none. Skinny, though. Look like he got black paint on his finger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb squatted down to get away from Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inane observations. He peered under the low brim of the karkle\u8217\'92s branches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gotta be a man,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We sure he\u8217\'92s dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not nappin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi squatted down next to Seb. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me get him out,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you put this body here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gugi. I\u8217\'92m only gonna ask one more time. Did you put this dead body here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t read Gugi\u8217\'92s face. The man was so well practiced in deceit. Only sometimes did Gugi\u8217\'92s eyes gave things away, and this wasn\u8217\'92t one of those times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92d kidnap some random bit, haul his ass all the way out here, then kill him and stuff him up under this bush, just to stir you up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His eyes weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t telling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Sometimes, if Seb paused and stared hard at Gugi, the guilt would get to him, and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d give it up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t do shit! Damn. I found it here like I said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then who put it here?\u8221\'94 Seb said. \u8220\'93The body is fresh as a baby\u8217\'92s bum. You think he just crawled up under here all by himself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could be. He\u8217\'92s prolly some pilgrim that was headed for the pass. Crawled up under here to seek shade and forgot to wake up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If that\u8217\'92s what happened, it\u8217\'92s even worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because it means a god put him here. Or a demon. It\u8217\'92s providence, one way or the other. Could be curse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It ain\u8217\'92t no curse. It\u8217\'92s just a dead body.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no such thing as \u8216\'91just a dead body\u8217\'92. This goes with what I been sayin\u8217\'92 this whole time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we shouldn\u8217\'92t be settin\u8217\'92 up a damn ambush in these damn hills.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, if it\u8217\'92s a curse, then let\u8217\'92s move this curse somewhere else. I aim to use this bush. It\u8217\'92s the perfect spot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe his ears. \u8220\'93You gonna hide in }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  bush?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am,\u8221\'94 said Gugi, without a hint of trepidation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gonna hide in the one bush that\u8217\'92s got a dead body in it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There won\u8217\'92t be no dead body when we move it. That\u8217\'92s why I need your help. Damn.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Have you lost your water? This the clearest shout of a cursed bush I ever heard. And more in point of fact, Ayram ought to hear about this. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Cause if this is the place where\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 "Don't worry Ayram \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91bout this shit. Just help me move the damn thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gugi, how do you not see what\u8217\'92s goin\u8217\'92 on here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grab his foot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gugi, listen to me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 This is Solraheen tellin\u8217\'92 you that if you hide in this bush, then you gonna die.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grab his foot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I grab one, you grab the other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi reached down and took a firm grip of the dead left ankle. He stared at Seb and shook it around to show Seb just how tightly he was holding on without getting struck down by some maleficent bolt. The foot wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t too stiff on the ankle. The body hadn\u8217\'92t been dead too long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now grab the other foot."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb shook his head. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know this body here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this body is the perfect chance for you to get to bother Elrahet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t think an old witch don\u8217\'92t want to look over a dead body? I bet you bring a dead body with you, and now you got something to pester her with instead of your boring old self. Put a dead body next to her, and she ain\u8217\'92t gonna be able to shoo you away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 Seb said hesitantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help me carry the boy to Elrahet, and I\u8217\'92ll give you twenty spines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The furrow in Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow softened. \u8220\'93Twenty?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Twenty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Twenty was a lot of spines. A couple weeks worth. There was no telling when they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be back in the putty hills and he could pick another fill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about it?\u8221\'94 Gugi asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bent down to grab the other foot of the corpse, but Gugi brushed him away, saying, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll make it forty spines if you carry it yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ain\u8217\'92t got forty spines.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll give you twenty spines, and my God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me twenty spines, and you tell me where you get your God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No chance. It\u8217\'92s twenty and the burgeons, and you carry this bit all the way to Ayram. Besides, it's a limp body. It's easier if just one of us carries him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And how\u8217\'92d you come to figure that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a limp body. Throwin\u8217\'92 it over the shoulders is easier than one man gets legs, one man gets arms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s easier for one person, then what you call me over for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I don\u8217\'92t wanna carry it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow tightened up again, and he asked, \u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because it\u8217\'92s cursed,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This was why no one liked Gugi\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was never upfront about the way things were. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d betray anyone he could, if anyone ever thought to trust him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb nearly slapped him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You thought you could get me to take up this cursed body for a measly twenty spines and some God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face twisted into that annoying, presumptuous grin. Seb wanted nothing more than to break some of Ayram\u8217\'92s rules on that grin, but he thought better of it. Best thing to do was to take the grand scheme of things into account.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There was a cursed body under a bush, where no cursed body should be. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe he was looking at this all wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Maybe that body wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t cursed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand is there in the pain, and it\u8217\'92s there in the pleasure. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another way of putting that is to say that a curse could be a blessing, and a blessing could be a curse. There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no way of knowing which is which until it all plays out. It\u8217\'92s expectations that get in the way of the truth. If he looked at all this with no expectations, and abstracted out the deadness of the body from the strangeness of the circumstances, then no doubt he would take Gugi\u8217\'92s deal. God\u8217\'92s Eye burgeons for a little bit of toil? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The best thing to do was to take the deal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said to Gugi, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ain\u8217\'92t wrong, but dammit, you know I\u8217\'92m gonna kill you someday.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure thing, Seb.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before we do anythin\u8217\'92, you\u8217\'92re gonna gimme them burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll give you the spines now, and the burgeons later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Burgeons now, spines later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Gugi sighed, then pulled out a leather pouch from his robe and tossed it to Seb. Seb caught it, checked it, pocketed it, and then he crouched down, reached under the karkle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twigs, grabbed both the boy\u8217\'92s dead ankles, and pulled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The body slid right out. It was half as heavy as Seb thought it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s young,\u8221\'94 said Gugi.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks soft,\u8221\'94 said Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The boy was as skinny as a kid half his age, and he was clothed in nothing but a ragged white tunic smeared with dust and clay. Judging by the skin, the whites of the eyes, the limp limbs, it really did seem like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only died that morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb grabbed the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right arm and pulled it up and over his shoulder, and the rest of the body came with it. Seb settled the weight, just like he\u8217\'92d do for a poached lizard, and before he left, he hocked up a huge wad of spit, and spat it at Gugi\u8217\'92s feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry \u8216\'91bout that.\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stick around for Gugi\u8217\'92s mocking laugh. He headed back west, towards the Junei pass, towards the cliff where Ayram and his nearest were planning out the ambush that would hopefully end all their ambushes for good.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1}