{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one spoke as they made their escape through the dark tunnels of the underworld. Or at least, if anyone did speak, Mandri did not hear them. His senses were far away. He could not feel his toes squeeze inside his shoes. His palm did not tingle whenever he braced himself against cold stone. His legs moved without effort. Even his breathing felt like someone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. He had to strain to reassert himself inside his head and swivel his eyes down to study the iridescent threads of purpose which guided him through the dark. It was so much effort that he did it once and never again. It was much more pleasant to succumb to this sense of losing control. Yes, it did not matter much if he saw where he was going.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A sense of suspicion followed him, coming from his companions. They gripped their weapons a little too tightly. They walked a little too far behind, half-hiding behind cover. He briefly wondered that he might be projecting his own paranoia onto them, but then the rock rock itself began to shame him. Little mounds of pebbles shied away from his approach. Jagged streaks of shifting feldspar tried to convince him he was mad. Cracks melted into frowns. When his stomach growled, all the earth quaked in fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He realized, then, that he was in a bit of trouble. This was no mere burgeon binge. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d consumed a Spark, a damnable act; worse than eating a person\u8217\'92s flesh, he\u8217\'92d eaten the person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To his left, there was a small, shit-stained tunnel that some pregnant beast of a lizard had hewn. It was just his size. It was welcoming. He belly crawled into it, and laid there. One of the others tried to grab his feet, but he resisted, crawled further in, and after he struggled a while in there he emerged into the desert night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The twinkling sky was a magnificent blue. The clean air was invigorating. He stood up, brushed off the grit which clung to his sleeves and knees, and then he closed his eyes and took a deep, neck-stretched breath. Here he caught a glimpse of the soreness that wrecked his body. It would have bulled him over if he weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dwelling in his own periphery. Then he opened his eyes and found himself standing atop a plateau in the Goree mountains. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come a long distance without realizing it. To the south he spied Shulgi\u8217\'92s silhouette set against the blue of night. He could blot it out with his thumb. To the west lay the sand blanketed world. The Tib blacked the rim of the horizon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out of the way,\u8221\'94 Moto grumbled as he pulled himself out of the lizard hole.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When Moto was all the way out and standing, he took a deep breath, just as Mandri had done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll light a fire,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Long stalks of woody haggas weed grew out of stone-cracks nearby, and Moto gathered these while Moteah pulled herself out through the hole. Once out, she was more wary of Mandri, kept close to him, watched him. Mandri wanted to laugh at the tension, but somehow, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He simply stood there, staring at her Spark like a freak. Then he watched Pyetle wiggle out of the hole. Last was Ayram. It was a struggle for him to fit through, and by the time he was out, Moto a respectable little fire going, having lucked into finding a few bone-dry branches from trees who\u8217\'92d lived and died in a completely different age.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram permitted them all to sit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah retrieved from her robes two small bricks of cappash\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a dried and minced lizard meat spiced with bitter herbs and caked in yellowed fat. She handed one of these to Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look like you need it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever force controlling Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body accepted the offering. He nibbled on a corner, thinking there\u8217\'92d be no taste. At first there wasn\u8217\'92t, but with the second chew the meat\u8217\'92s smoky flavor percolated into being. Every swallow slumped him further into his body\u8217\'92s exhaustion. Somehow the act of eating was pulling him back into his own skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was not entirely enjoyable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sol\u8217\'92s light, I\u8217\'92m tired,\u8221\'94 he mumbled between mouthfuls. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose we could take some time to sleep?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No sleep,\u8221\'94 said Ayram, who wasn\u8217\'92t eating anything. He was sitting cross-legged, appreciating the fire between them. His great spear was stuck into the stone. \u8220\'93We need to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri licked his teeth and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle sat to his left. The siblings, to his right. They all watched with fascination as Ayram raised Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach up by its neck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Schisol\u8217\'92s own shadow offered you this,\u8221\'94 he said to Mandri. \u8220\'93Do you know why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri shook his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She also named you the Burshageet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram paused to let the accusation breathe, because now that it was out the air it was its own kind of beast. It had horns. It to be dealt with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand how you feel,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, or rather, he seemed to say. The sound of his voice was so distant that he wasn\u8217\'92t sure if he\u8217\'92d even spoken the words out loud. But he must have, for Ayram\u8217\'92s lips drew tight, and Moto groaned in frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Throw it in the fire!\u8221\'94 he implored. \u8220\'93That stomach could be the last vestige of Schisol on this earth. Let it burn. We are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 done}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram stared at Moto for a moment, then tossed Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Sparked stomach into the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The organ bounced of the top log and rolled onto a crook of flame. It squizzled and spurted. Smoke poured out of the severed end, but the Spark inside only seemed energized by the flames, and after a finger or so, when it all settled down, it almost looked cozy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is no simple thing,\u8221\'94 Ayram said, eyes narrowing. \u8220\'93Even if we could destroy the stomach, the Spark inside would, in time, find its way back into another.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did Greskal\u8217\'92s prince destroy his Spark?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everyone who would know is dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This whole time Pyetle had been leering at Mandri. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d bet Mandri could destroy it,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ayram picked up his iron spear and poked the stomach out of the fire. It rolled towards Mandri, collecting on its surface a speckled film of dirt. His stomach growled at the sight of it, and oh no, there was a rather elegant thread of purpose connecting that beautiful golden Spark to his lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He remembered that he still had Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knife, so he took it out. Now he was confronted with a decision: should he cut that hungry thread?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Was such a thing even possible?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could cut it, yes, but would it not grow right back?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he noticed another thread, this one thin, almost imperceptible. It branched off that hungry thread and was stuck to the edge of his knife, introducing an uncomfortable contradiction, because now two different futures were outlined here and they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t both be true. One demanded he swallow, and the other demanded he didn\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was proof, he thought, that none of these lines were inevitable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was conceivable then, that he could cut both them out of existence. But how? Did that require another knife, and another thread of fate? Could that third-order thread be cut? And what about these thoughts, the desires themselves? Perhaps even these were being drawn along a predictable curve through a hidden landscape of fate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He looked again upon the Black knife in his hand and watched in amazement as it all splayed out into a circular fan of hands holding knives. Mandri twisted his wrist to cut, and each blade turned in time to cut its neighbor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thread, an infinite regress of causes putting an end to their own infinite regress of effects. Only, none of them cut. Each edge slipped past their neighbor\u8217\'92s thread and bent impossibly back around so as to cut their own, a recursive swirl which severed the very notion of comprehensibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach lurched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His vision froze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as he began to suspect that he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d somehow broken reality, he heard a voice. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93STOP!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His whole world twisted around as his mind sprang back into his eyes. There was Pel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach under his nose. It was being pushed into his mouth by his own cupped hands. His teeth were sinking into its steaming meat. He could taste its juice on his tongue. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A shadow passed over the fire, and suddenly there was Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s massive frame. The giant had his spear an inch away from Mandri\u8217\'92s forehead. Moto was standing there beside him, sword drawn. Moteah was behind and between them both. Her handless arm was outstretched, squeezing Mandri\u8217\'92s own stomach tight. It was her who had commanded him to stop, and stop he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Spit it out,\u8221\'94 she commanded. Her forceful words twanged the tendons in his neck, and he spat it out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give it here,\u8221\'94 Ayram said with an outstretched hand, but as Mandri could not move, the giant was forced reached down and take it for himself. He pondered it for a moment, saw the teeth marks, then he gave a little snort and shook his head before turning away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re just gonna sit back down!?\u8221\'94 Moto cried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am,\u8221\'94 Ayram declared, and he sat right back down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But he is the Burshageet!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s all calm down,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said, still a little ruffled from the excitement. He tried to stabilize the mood by pressing the air down with open hands, though Moto was wise to these gestural tricks. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down?\u8221\'94 Moto said, incredulous. \u8220\'93Look at him! He was about to eat that stomach raw!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But he didn\u8217\'92t. The girl held him back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you insane!? We need to kill him!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wasn\u8217\'92t your witch a seer?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked. \u8220\'93You yourself said she chose this end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, and the final act is to kill him!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did she say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She didn\u8217\'92t need to, it\u8217\'92s obvious.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle scoffed at this assertion and found his own seat again, a little more wary of Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s obstinacy. Moteah sat back down as well, quiet and brooding. Moto looked at everyone with clear disdain, upset at how their silence was talking over him. Yes, he was the only one still standing, and somehow this was a challenge to the core his being.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about the Schisol\u8217\'92s shadow?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93That evil witch could read the future, too. Why would she kill herself? I\u8217\'92ll tell you why\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she saw how her victory was assured}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 . }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She disemboweled herself because she knew that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 he }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 was going to finish her work!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t possibly know that. Maybe she wasn\u8217\'92t a very good seer. She might have thought her demons would overcome him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at who speaks of what they can\u8217\'92t possibly know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think of this, \u8221\'94 Pyetle said as he leaned forward, suddenly more interested in his own argument. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen two bulls locked in the same field fight for an entire summer. One day they grew tired of it. They simply stopped. Now, you\u8217\'92ve said these two witches have been fighting each other for\u8230\'85for however long. Ten thousand years? More? Fighting such a futile war, would they care who wins or loses? I can see them growing tired of it, and deciding to let things fall where they may.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto scoffed at this suggestion. As did Ayram. The giant grunted and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet would not idly toss aside the sacrifices of everyone she had ever known, just because she was tired.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would,\u8221\'94 Pyetle said. And now that the odds were against him, he adopted pious airs. \u8220\'93And I would do it because I have faith that Solraheen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen is dead,\u8221\'94 Ayram grumbled. \u8220\'93He has nothing to do with this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why does Mandri bear His fire? You all watched him turn back the hordes of Shis. You want to murder him for it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His question hung in the air unanswered, but Moto was eventually able to sneer his way through this complication. He swipe-flicked his blade through the air to remember its weight before setting its edge to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck. \u8220\'93Give me a reason not to kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri stared into the soft glow of Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spark, then said, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not going to kill me,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93Not tonight...perhaps tomorrow\u8230\'85I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disdain deepened. It seemed for a moment that he really might strike, but there was a thin thread of purpose drawing his sword away. This did not mean that he did not want to do it. It was clear from his unwavering gaze and firmly planted feet that he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah pulled at the hem of his robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if killing Mandri is what evil desires?\u8221\'94 she asked. \u8220\'93What if that witch called him the Burshageet just to worry you, so that you would kill him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face twisted up. He was unaccustomed to weight of entertaining such ideas, but the logic was brutal\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if he were to kill Mandri, then he might save or doom the world in equal measure. Or, Mandri could be of no consequence at all. There was no way for him to know.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He finally lowered his sword.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped back, then sat down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of that night, they watched the fire burn down to ash. There was a little conversation about what Pyetle was going to do, how he was going to carry news of these events back to Jeket. He wanted to take Mandri with him. Ayram was firmly against this, but he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t for anything else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mandri simply stared at Elrahet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Black knife and compared its color to the coals. Moteah kept trying to solicit his opinion on what he wanted to do, but he could only smile, because it was such an incredible thing to mean such different things to different people.}}