{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Sand is webbed by a network of byways that are hardly there at all. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not well traveled, and most are so windswept that footprints get filled back up with sand as soon as they\u8217\'92ve been made. These roads are only distinguished from the desert landscape by a series of five-ton waystones that stick up three meters out of the ground. If those gleaming white beams of rock weren\u8217\'92t there every league or so, you\u8217\'92d never know that under your feet was an ancient Jandrian route. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Pilgrims call them Charnel Roads because unlike the highways which keep to the river banks or hop between oases, these roads cut through the vast shadeless expanse of the Sand. Travelers get exposed to the sun, the wind, and the glare of the desert. The longer the road the deadlier it all is, though that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a rule of thumb because the worst Charnel Road, the Bazul Road, is one of the shortest. It sits just north of Uncharted Portion where an ancient mountain range once stood. An eon of blasting sand had reduced those mountains to a rolling line of graveled hills, flat enough for the Bazul Road to snake up and down them, and to lead pilgrims to the greater shrine of Bazul. It only takes a full day to make the road if you start at the nearest Imperial outpost at Shahiz, but its such a difficult hike, and Pilgrims sweat so much from just the effort that the heat on top of it is unbearable. And it\u8217\'92s a saturating heat, too, because the chalky gravel underfoot is white as bone so it throws the sunlight right back up into the face. You get baked from below as much as from above. Can\u8217\'92t even hide in your own shadow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \tab There is some shade on route: a little wood-frame waystation at a saddlepoint. The monks of Bazul keep it stocked with a cache of water buried in jugs. Some pilgrims sleep there in the day and make the road at night, skipping the sun altogether, but Solitant pilgrims don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t use it. They don\u8217\'92t trivialize the journey. They set out for the shrine in the morning and trudge through the brunt of it at midday. They do it, they say, because if Bazul did not intend for them to suffer, he would have set his earthly dwelling down on some oated knoll at the mouth of a Jeketian inlet. No, Bazul\u8217\'92s road was there in the Sand because Bazul put it there, and to skip this test of faith against flesh is to have no faith at all. This is the first lesson the road teaches the Solitant: the greatest temptation one must fight is the temptation to not try at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Once a pilgrim actually gets on the road the temptations start to give way to the struggle. There are still a few urges to deal with, a few spiritual lessons learn. For example, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s urge to stop and sit, to rest. Anywhere else in the world it would be a fine thing to do, but sitting down on a Charnel Road without shade is a mistake because the sun still bakes you even if you\u8217\'92re not moving. It will bake you tomorrow, too, so don\u8217\'92t saddle tomorrow\u8217\'92s self with today\u8217\'92s journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Solitants savor this particular ordeal because it highlights two important lessons: doom finds you much quicker than death, and doing nothing is the same as doing the wrong thing. Nowhere else in the world are these principles so clear. Out on a Charnel Road, a man, sitting down, with no aches or pains and a full waterskin, is still moving towards the point of no return. This is the the inescapable consequence of Time: inaction is action itself, and for the Solitant, it is a refusal of the Divine gift of Will. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It is important to note that the Solitant word for doomed is \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Shiskason\u8217\'92, and it doesn\u8217\'92t mean \u8216\'91doomed\u8217\'92 exactly. Unlike \u8216\'91doomed\u8217\'92 it carries an air of blame, not fate. It reads roughly like, \u8216\'91thing-that-you-did-not-prevent\u8217\'92. This gets to the heart of the Solitant religion: all creatures are naturally immortal, but every creature dies because every uncouth mistake ages the soul, every missed opportunity for righteousness draws another line in the face. If only people made the right decisions at every step they would live forever, but we\u8217\'92re all too ignorant, too dumb, and too lazy, so the weight of our failures literally kill us. Here, a pilgrim becomes a Shiska for no other reason than he stopped and he sat and he did not walk the road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab  This cosmology is woven into the Solitant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s yellow haircloth habit. The constant itch is a constant reminder to never waste time. It keeps one alert and attentive to even the smallest opportunity to exercise Will. Of course, this creates another temptation pilgrims must fight on the Charnel Roads: the temptation to cast the scratchy habit aside. Not only does it itch, but the heat gets underneath it. The urge to take it off, to get the heat out and let the sweaty skin breathe is ever present. It\u8217\'92s here that the body starts to bargain with the mind, \u8220\'93Just take it off for a little while,\u8221\'94 it pleads. \u8220\'93No one is watching. No one would know.\u8221\'94 Pilgrims don\u8217\'92t ever do it, though. It\u8217\'92s a familiar temptation. Not only would they be casting aside their symbol of devotion, they\u8217\'92d actually be making it easer for the sun to sap their bodies of moisture and energy. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Its not the temptations, its the physical struggle that does most pilgrims in. On the Bazul road a twisted ankle or a tweaked knee is all but inevitable. Man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s upright gait just isn\u8217\'92t designed for a sustained trudge uphill through loosely packed gravel. No pilgrim has ever made the journey without stumbling a time or two, and when they fall their hands and feet get cut because the gravel isn\u8217\'92t smooth like riverstone, it\u8217\'92s been chipped unevenly by the wind and the sand. It\u8217\'92s got points and edges, some as sharp as blades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Solitant monks are used to fighting through physical pain, but nonetheless, it slows them down and gives the sun time to work delirium into them. At that point if they make a mistake with water, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re dead, and it\u8217\'92s an easy mistake to make for any Solitants that come from across the northern sea. They don\u8217\'92t know what the sun can do to a body with just a few hours. When these foreigners come to the Bazul Road, all they hear is that its only a days journey. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 One}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s journey. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Only}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  twenty leagues. Sure, they hear stories about the deaths, but they shrug them off because such stories are never accurate. Carnage is always embellished. Three water-skins }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 should}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  be enough. }
\par\pard\plain \fi706\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hard to get experience traveling in the Sand, because getting experience means you\u8217\'92ve got to survive your mistakes. The first time a person pricks her water-skin on the half-buried thorn of a karkel-bush seed pod is the last time. There\u8217\'92s just no room for error, and dying in the Sand isn\u8217\'92t a pleasant way to go. If the heat takes you quick its not so bad, but if it doesn\u8217\'92t, if you\u8217\'92ve rationed water well enough to die slowly, then your mouth dries out and your tongue swells up and your eyes lose their moisture and start to scratch. Then a thumping nausea works its way out from your head and into your stomach and then into your marrow\u8217\'92s jelly. It\u8217\'92s no coincidence that almost every corpse found on a Charnel Road is found curled up like fetus against the agony, though not many corpses are found because a pack of lizards can eat a full adult male in a just few hands, and when you\u8217\'92re dying of thirst, weak as a babe, you might still be alive when they do it.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shade giving trees  they don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like. Kills them. Fall asleep under it and you don\u8217\'92t wake up. They think they\u8217\'92re killers. We keep them up because they keep scandri away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They aren\u8217\'92t coming. Too many kekle trees.\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong with kackle trees?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re shade giving trees. They\u8217\'92re afraid them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Trees don\u8217\'92t have souls. Trees aren\u8217\'92t even living things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dan gives Ralph a look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you call it life,\u8221\'94 Ralph continued, \u8220\'93it\u8217\'92s gotta be killing something, doesn\u8217\'92t it? Anything can die. I can crush a rock with my hammer and I can crush a bug with my hammer, yet we say the rock is a thing and the bug is a life. Why? Because the bug kills other bugs. That\u8217\'92s how you know they\u8217\'92re alive. It\u8217\'92s the killing and the eating.\u8221\'94 That last word rolled through Ralph\u8217\'92s beard like a saw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Trees eat children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck, no\u8230\'85 Definition of life. Bugs have children, rocks don\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s what makes a bug alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cut a man\u8217\'92s balls off, what is he then? Dead? Just because he can\u8217\'92t have children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s of a type that has children.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ralph just shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say it\u8217\'92s killing. If these trees are alive, then that means they\u8217\'92re killing something. Could be it\u8217\'92s us. I heard once that we\u8217\'92re supposed to be immortal, and that the trees are poisoning the air to age us, so they can feast on our corpses when we die. We think we\u8217\'92re tending the orchard field but it\u8217\'92s really the orchard field tending to us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where the hell did you hear that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93From some pacified herd in the south. They\u8217\'92re mostly dead now. Dog worshippers the were. Fed their dead to packs of dogs to keep them out of the ground. Ground the bones to dust then tossed in with the water the dogs lapped up. Then they made bricks out of the feces.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No wonder you\u8217\'92re all \u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Loopey}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve always said I should contemplate more, so I\u8217\'92ve been contemplating. What do you think Eliza?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Living things can grow. Everything else can only waste away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve won not when you can stab your opponent in the belly, you\u8217\'92ve won if you can bring your blade to a narrower angle than the opponent. Because that means you\u8217\'92ve got a quicker path to the belly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So, let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just stand here , sword to sword. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pytele copies the pose}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So here, we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re even. Now if I pull my sword to swing, you\u8217\'92re winning. One step and stab and I\u8217\'92m dead. If I take a step back, and out of your range, it doesn\u8217\'92t matter. This is the first beginner lesson: you start the swing out of range, finish it in range. If you\u8217\'92re going to give the opponent the angle advantage, then stay out of range. Like so}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Alright, back to the the start. One way of gaining advantage might be to simply knock the opponents sword, like so:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My sword\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s on the line, yours isn\u8217\'92t, so I\u8217\'92ve won. But theres an easy counter, I\u8217\'92m sure you can think of it. Yes, you can simply move the sword out of the way, but you\u8217\'92re moving the sword off the line. You\u8217\'92re giving it up without me hitting it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A practiced swordsman will know all the moves, all the tricks and traps. So if you run into one, your best bet is to simply maintain a safe distance. You should run, if the mood calls for it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How do I know if my opponent is skilled?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll know in an instant whether or not your opponent knows about the line, about distance. The number of men I\u8217\'92ve killed with their sword out to the side like this, mid swing, its absurd. It\u8217\'92s like they\u8217\'92ve got this thought that if they start their swing first, that means I\u8217\'92ve got to parry it. It doesn\u8217\'92t enter their minds that I could just take a step forward, close the distance myself, and then stab them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But if enemy know about distance, about the line, you should probably run. Everyone else, the mere fact that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re considering it means your much more likely to win. And this is the thing about fighting - about everything really - it\u8217\'92s more about knowledge and experience than your god-given physical tools. I\u8217\'92m one of the smallest in the Ayramun, but no one here would fight me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I would - mazyd says.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You would? You haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 t got hands.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If I had hands, I would have fought you.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s surprising. I thought your lot just zapped people to death. What\u8217\'92d you learn swordplay for?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Strength, agility, these only come into play in bouts of similar skill.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re out in the Sand - passing along gravellands }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pyetle decides to help out Mazyd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - What happened in that cave?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Mandrameen gets a hold of Pyetle. Inquires into his past life. Inquires into the time he met Ayram. Reveals they were all similarly distressed when Ayram picked them up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pyetle asks about who Ayram is. What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s his deal? I had an experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going to throw the Empire out of the continent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - I mean what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s his real deal? IN the underworld there was, for a moment I thought he was  demon. I saw things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - A powerful being, but no, but not a demon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Asked Seilsi for his story. ???}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Interrupted by scout - Imperials are on the track - still really far away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - How the hell! (It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Mazyd) - we\u8217\'92ve been careful, we\u8217\'92re off the road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Double pace to Minting Rock}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, there it is\u8221\'94 - outcrop of rock. Band\u8217\'92s secret minting facility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Signs that someone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Hill checks it out. Laughing. Says come on in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -They stumble on a dried out corpse of a man. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an old friar. Must have gotten lost on the Charnel Road or something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Relsa, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s alive!\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93What did he say?\u8221\'94 Begone temptress.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - they revive him. See he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a priest of the dreamer. Pella explains. I was once a priestess. Didn\u8217\'92t know this dude though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Hill shows pyetle gold store. Good amount of gold. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not much of it left\u8221\'94. They put it on the horses and take it away, Pyetle knows not where.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pick up water from spring nearby.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Pella scope sees troops. Mazyd confirms that they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re imperial - they\u8217\'92ve just gotten down into the plain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -COming right for the rock - interrogate Mazyd - tie up, blindfold, wind, etc. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - need to change course - lose them in the Sandslants}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked behind them, and say that Mazyd was struggling along. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Mazyd?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Seilsi?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, Urghiz is a long way off.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s in pretty bad shape. You think he\u8217\'92s going to make it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit, I don\u8217\'92t know if you gonna to make it.\u8221\'94 Moteah looked Pyetle up and down, clearly unimpressed with his fitness. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know how bad it is out there. It\u8217\'92s not just the heat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been on caravans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We ain\u8217\'92t keep to the roads.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well if you\u8217\'92re concerned about me, then how is he gonna make it?\u8221\'94 Pyetle asked, nodding in Mazyd\u8217\'92s direction. Moteah stopped him, and looked in his eyes with intent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pye, I\u8217\'92m tryin to get you worryin about yourself. Ya need to be. Let us worry bout him. For you, for now, it needs to be one step at a time. It needs to be that way for a while. Shits about to get real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle looked back again at Mazyd and wondered if the beaten man could hear their conversation. Mazyd was far enough down the face of the dune that if he were just another human, it would be impossible, but he was a Seilsi, and there was no telling what he was capable of. There were rumors that Seilsi had strange biologies, but these rumors always conflicted, so Pyetle never gave them credence. One day a man would claim he saw a Seilsi jump over a crowd just because he could, while another would say he saw a Seilsi struggle to get up into a saddle. Some said they could see through walls, others said they were nearly blind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a lot unusual about Mazyd\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s appearance - the hairlessness, the androgyny - but there was nothing that suggested unnatural ability. There were the strange tattoos, and perhaps they were working some magic into his veins, but Pytele doubted it. Mazyd just looked too helpless. No one infused with a magical force would drag their feet in the sand. No one who could see through walls could be ambushed and captured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mayzd stumbled as he trudged up dune. His left leg buckled, and the weight of him As he fell he did enough to keep the bandages out of the sand, but his hip hit a rock and he . The two guys minding him moaned and cursed and yelled at him to get back up. Moteah looked on in disgust. She despised Mazyd. They all did, save Pyetle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could help with the Seilsi,\u8221\'94 Pyetle suggested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pye, what did I just say. Worry about yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am worrying about myself. I\u8217\'92m thinking about how I fit in. It seems like none of you want to deal with the Seilsi - well that\u8217\'92s something I could do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Moteah rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll ask Pella about it.\u8221\'94 She turned back to the course and trudged along. \u8220\'93Come on, we almost there.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , he came at last upon a rocky mountain with a large cave at the foot of it and a large stone over the entrance. After removing the stone and going in, eager to explore the unknown with a human curiosity, he found a spacious chamber, with an opening to the sky above covered over by spreading branches of an ancient palm tree. There was a sparkling spring there, from which a stream overflowed through a little opening, and soaked away into the earth. There were also a few little buildings near the foot of the mountain containing the knives and anvils and mallets used to strike coins; Egyptian writings tell us that this used to be the site of a secret minting factory at the time when Antony and Cleopatra were together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pyetle took Mandrameen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s outstretched hand and the boy helped him up. Pyetle was surprised to feel a sinewy strength in the lad; he was a bit scrawny and had a bookish look about him, with a weak chin and a scholar\u8217\'92s neck. He\u8217\'92d seen the Mandrameen ruffling through some papers earlier. He\u8217\'92d assumed the boy was something of a camp follower, but this close he noticed the boy\u8217\'92s belt was actually a corded Jandrian sling, patterned for war. Mandrameen\u8217\'92s firm grip suggested expertise.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They ordered another young man in the flower of his youth to be taken into a most pleasant little garden, with white lilies and red roses, and a gentle murmuring stream winding through it, and the wind making a sweet whisper though the leaves of the trees, where they made him lie down on a feather bed, and left him there, tied down with soft silken bonds to prevent him escaping. After they had all gone a beautiful prostitute came in, and began stroking his body in the most delicate of embraces, and, shameful to relate, fondling his manhood in her hands, in the hope of so inciting him to lust that she might win a shameless victory over him. I don't know how this soldier of Christ did it, or how he summoned up his resolve. But will pleasure be the victor where torments fail? For at length, inspired by heaven, he bit off his tongue and spat it in her face as she tried to kiss him. And so the immense pain which followed was stronger than the feeling of lust. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}}