{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before the rise Hrks, the Watered Portion was ruled by an Old Jandri king named Duror. To prove his dominion, Duror placed interlocking blocks of granite two-by-two-by-ten at every bend of the Jek river. Out of these gray columns he carved his long-bearded, long-robed image. The first statue was built at the Jek\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s source, high up in the Goree mountains overlooking the Shoglok falls. It is sanded so smooth by the erosion of ages that no discernible feature of Duror remains. He is little more than a gray wither of stone in the general shape of a man, earless and eyeless, brooding as the sun and moon and stars spin endlessly overhead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Jek river descends down into the foothills where it is guarded by a spate of statued Durors that have been sanded into smooth, pointed pillars\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more like cattle scratch posts than a filigreed statue of a king. Their heads are reduced to conical nubs, their swords worn down to the hilt. The river then pours out of the foothills and down into the brink of Hrkan civilization. These Durors were somewhat shielded from the erosive wind, but they were not able to hide from the chisels of recriminate outland men. Further down the river and into the long and winding plain, Duror\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s component blocks begin to disappear altogether, for the stones are stolen to reinforce pastoral walls. Further down the river, on the outskirts of Jeket, all that is left of Duror\u8217\'92s monuments are the enormous plinths upon which they once stood, for they are too large for herdsmen to bother with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Old Jandri statues are disintegrating the nearer they come to Jeket\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there is a symbolism here, obvious, unsubtle, and pointed, and so of course people disagree about what it means. A Hrkan Lord would say that it is a sign of Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cleansing influence on the old world, while an outland poke thinks its a sign of Hrk\u8217\'92s corrupting influence. Outland folk yearn for that storied age when all peoples were rootless, when herds of oxen were free to be chased across the entire continent, when women wove blankets so long they could be wrapped around a village, when men were honest and would cut off their own fingers just to prove that they were sorry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both sides claim the statues of Duror as symbols of their own magnificence. Sometimes they get to killing over them. Mandrameen thought this was all a bunch of nonsense, and everyone involved was an idiot. The pivotal detail that no one cared to notice was that most of these statues were sitting alone out in an empty desert because the course of the river Jek has changed dramatically. The statues have nothing to do with Hrk and whether it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s good or bad. Their message is that nothing lasts forever, and while Mandri was sure about everything, he was most sure about that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rivers change their course.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rivers dry up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Continents dry up.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Solraheen Himself was buried. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everything living dies.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Beauty fades.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Paintings brown up and curl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Statues turn to dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Everything living dies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth mentioning twice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ideas are easy to kill\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 some might try and argue that one, but Mandri could easily slip into saying that ideas are easy to corrupt, and no one could argue that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Innocence is famously easy to kill. In fact, it seems that the main function of innocence is to be killed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Manhood is easy to kill because it hardly exists in the first place. Same with womanhood, adulthood, and any-hood. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re all hoods foisted upon a child who never quite grows up. And children? Schisol knows children are easy to kill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Minting Rock was another object to add to this collection of things consigned to oblivion. Its central sunlit well was drilled straight through the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s core and down a ways into the earth, and when Mandri looked up and saw a canted column of light shining down into blackness of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s hollowed out interior, he was smitten with that daunting awe which only comes from contact with a soon-to-be-extinguished culture.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But it was impressive. He felt, without exaggeration, that he was standing inside a broken bead cast off from the necklace of some primordial mountain god. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He grabbed the rope which hung down into the dark, and out of sight an Ayramun began to pull him up. Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet left the floor, bounced off the stone, and soon after they kicked out into a void. Then someone lit a torch and the space around him lit up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first level of Minting Rock was a bulbous, cylindrical cocoon eight men tall. The sunlight above didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite reach this room, so the scant light splayed throughout came from two flower-flame oil lamps affixed to either shoulder of a dark and narrow passage to Mandri\u8217\'92s left. With so little light, much of the room\u8217\'92s detail was lost to blackness, but what Mandri could see of it took his breath away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The flat disc of a floor was embossed with a rotationally symmetric diamond pattern, and at the floor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edges this pattern ran smoothly up onto the wall, flowing upwards and splitting into several ribbons of sculptural stone, a weave that criss-crossed in and out of itself, a stunning fantasy that coupled geometric intricacy with organic fluidity and pulse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all in stone. And it had dimension. The outer ribbon layers cast hard, shifting shadows on the ribbons underneath. It seemed as if the room were a cage keeping out a kaleidoscopic vision stolen from a burgeon binge and then brought to life. The topmost layer, the bars of this cage, graduated from a swirl of ribbon into into a prickling fence of barbed thorns, and like a climbing vine they spiraled all the way up the wall and converged towards the center of the ceiling, merging into the lashes of an oval eye whose iris was the open shaft which led ever upwards and into the light of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The room smelled like a urinal. An unseen hand grabbed a fistful of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe in between the shoulder blades and yanked him off the rope. He was then plopped ass-first onto the richly patterned floor and the pain in his thigh reasserted itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pulled him out was Seb, and the smell was coming from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked in whispered wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This be Minting Rock,\u8221\'94 Seb said as his near-toothless mouth squelched a borcandi spine. He was obviously an old hand at borcandi biting because he carried himself with that borcandi bent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like his muscles were stuck in tension and had been that way for years, shoulders hunched and tight, head knocked forward, limbs all slightly bowed as if he\u8217\'92d half-coiled up in fright and rusted that way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about the name,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93What }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  this place? Who made it?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb nudged Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip with the toe of his shoe, and then he shooed Mandri up against the wall with a few flaps of his fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep out of the way,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scooted backwards against the wall and shoved his injured leg flush against it, so that nothing of him stuck out into the floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The neck of Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe was yawning at Mandri\u8217\'92s nose, and the man\u8217\'92s odor was pouring out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he smelled like butter gone bad. He said, \u8220\'93I can tell you a burgeon biter, ain\u8217\'92t ya?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear Seb\u8217\'92s question, because the man\u8217\'92s odor was nauseating. Mandri scrunched up his nose and simply said, \u8220\'93You smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stood back up, then wilted. Even a hard-up outland man couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t abide being found out like that. A man\u8217\'92s face could be ugly as mud, that was the world\u8217\'92s fault\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but his smell, his smell was coming from the inside and it said something about him without his meaning to. A bad smell is the one thing that could make the most loutish street-junk keeper feel shame. A bad smell is a secret every man\u8217\'92s got to keep.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92d I tell you about flappin\u8217\'92 them lips?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tired eyes managed to impress upon Mandri a great disappointment. Seb was a nobody amongst nobodies, as irrelevant as one of Jeket\u8217\'92s crawlers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 men who beg from beggars. Mandri had a sense for these people even if they hadn\u8217\'92t yet fallen that far. There\u8217\'92s a dopiness about them, the face kind of sags, and when they talk. And they smell. To a man and woman, they smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Suddenly, a shrill whistle rang out from the oculus above. A heartbeat later, and Minting Rock was alive with the slapping patter of leatherbound feet. Muffled shouts reared out of unseen corridors. It was as Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s door had just been knocked and all the house mutts were flung into a muster. Hill came climbing up the well-shaft rope, his stout frame slinking up and up like a fat caterpillar, and without so much as a nod he disappeared into the chamber above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There came, springing out of the passage to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left, a clink of metal on stone. This thumping clink repeated again and again, in time with a walking stride, growing louder as it neared Mandri\u8217\'92s chamber. Mandri found himself trembling, and he was scooting away when Ayram stormed into the room, beard-jutting and wild-eyed. In his hand was his long iron spear, which barely cleared the passage ceiling. Its chisel end bit into the polished floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto followed him, and waddling in behind Moto was the short, old, black-ragged woman named Elrahet. She lingered there in the passage mouth, under the flickering lamps, and her dark hood cast a long, hard shadow which hid her eyes from view. Mandri watched her as she watched Ayram. There was a familiarity to her profile that he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She turned her whole hooded head towards Mandri, and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes went fleeing at the speed of embarassment. It was a mere glancing exchange, and Mandri hadn\u8217\'92t seen her eyes under the dark of her hood, yet he could feel her gaze stir up his stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Meanwhile, Ayram and Moto were standing in the opposite end of the room. Between them was a shadowy lump. Moto kicked it, and a dull crack sounded out. Moto steadied himself against the wall and was about to deliver another rough kick when Elrahet told him to stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid is awake,\u8221\'94 she said as if pressed for time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stepped back to let the light in, and there was Obo with his eyes open, blinking at the world around him like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just woken up into a dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram had no sympathy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me how you did it,\u8221\'94 he growled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo looked up at Ayram and regarded the giant with contempt. He said, voice hoarse, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you blaming me for now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram did not reply. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to. A man his size could simply stand still and glare, and that was intimidating enough to scare a tree into shaking off its fruit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo pushed himself up into a sitting position, and his head drooped as if his neck were so weak it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bear the burden. Mandri thought Obo was playing too hard for sympathy here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it can be difficult, sometimes, to draw a clear line between cause and effect, but blaming me for anything seems unsound.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram lifted his great spear and then let it slip down his fist and its wide chisel tip hit the stone floor right next to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the one that captured me and brought me here,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93If I\u8217\'92ve caused you any trouble, then you\u8217\'92ve brought it upon yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram remained silent. Mandri suspected the man was in the middle of realizing that Obo was incapable of feeling fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I may take a moment to ask\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what is it you planned to do with me? I\u8217\'92m a curious creature, I have to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With a twist of his wrist, Ayram set the iron spike to rest against Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collar bone. The weight of it almost tipped Obo over. Obo shrugged it off, and Ayram set it right back on the bone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you honestly believe that a Hrkan Lord would make a weapon as powerful as me without devising a way to track me down should I get loose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto blurted out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They can track you down to anywhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you truly never heard of the Mazidariga?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had never heard of the Mazidariga. Judging by the dumbfounded expression in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, and the shrug in Ayram\u8217\'92s shoulders, neither men had heard of it either. Since none of them were willing to admit to not knowing something, an uneasy silence went unbroken until Elrahet grumbled aloud, \u8220\'93Riga means shadow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto bent down and began to examine Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow for a sign of some obscure magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not my literal shadow,\u8221\'94 Obo said with insulting disdain. \u8220\'93A Mazid\u8217\'92s shadow is a creature. They are grown alongside the Mazidai\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 their purpose is to hunt us down, but other than that, I know nothing of them. Evidently you don\u8217\'92t either. But you cannot hope to hide from the Hrks so long as you hold onto me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto,\u8221\'94 said Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get the boys blooded up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to fight them?\u8221\'94 Obo asked in disbelief. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very brave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Neither man paid him any heed. Moto jumped onto the well-shaft rope and climbed out of sight, whilst Ayram turned to Seb, and Seb, anticipating a word from his leader, stepped forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take the boy and the Mazid up into an aspect.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bowed in deference as Ayram and Elrahet swept out of the chamber and back into the passage from whence they came. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s iron staff clinked against the stone as he went, though soon the sound was lost amongst the yip and din of a band of the hardest pokes preparing for battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrist and yanked him to his feet, and Mandri groaned as his leg screamed in pain. Seb then hurried over to Obo and made a fuss about wrapping up Obo\u8217\'92s wounds so that Mazid\u8217\'92s blood wouldn\u8217\'92t taint his person. Once Obo was swaddled up tight like a baby, arms tucked inside, Seb picked him up and carried him under-arm like a freshly-wrapped package of beef. He ran into the dark passage. Then he popped back out and motioned for Mandri to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri found it hard to follow Seb through the narrow, winding ways of Minting Rock. He limped along fiercely, steadying himself against the sculptured stone, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up!\u8221\'94 Seb cried as he doubled back and took a hold of Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist. He pulled Mandri towards a sputtering lamp whose light flooded up a chubby set of curling stairs. Ascending these put an odd twist in Mandri\u8217\'92s mental map of the place, and it became difficult to maintain a sense of where he was within the rock. There was almost no light, and he was shoved through so many warped passages that all he knew for certain was that he was moving away from the center. Every new chamber and corridor became more cluttered and cramped, and the stonework less polished and more rough\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the walls were still sculpted into an otherworldly weave but Mandri\u8217\'92s fingers could feel an inattention to thickness of edge. It was clumsy work, clumsy in comparison to what he\u8217\'92d seen in that central shaft. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri got to thinking, after bumping his head on an absurdly low door frame, that whoever had carved this rock had perhaps carved out too much of it. Unless Old Jandri tribesmen were as learned as Hrkan architects in the art of stressing stone, the whole thing was bound to fall apart. And the further out Mandri went, the more slapdash the passages and rooms became. By the time he saw a slit of blue sky though an embrasure, his toes and fingers were stumbling upon stress cracks in the floors and walls. Once, in this dusty dark, he bumped his shoulder against an unworked wooden beam that arched over his head. He swore he saw the floor above buckle and sag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He was eventually pushed into a long and narrow room, long enough for him to lay down in, but barely enough room to turn around. This closet had access to outside air through a stippled pattern of finger-sized holes bored into the far wall. The sun didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shine directly through them, so these pinpricks of day sat on the black rock wall illuminating nothing, like a constellation of stars. They composed an Old Jandri pattern\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a simple, eight-flamed sun, the traditional symbol of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb elbowed Mandri further into this shoulder-squeezing closet, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when the room\u8217\'92s defining quality hit him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the air inside was thick with a foul smell, sweet and horrible, cloying, as if a mound of peaches had been left to putrefy in some dark corner. Mandri gagged, clutched at his nose, and when the spicy bitterness stung the back of his tongue like rancid burgeon bile he spat and choked. It was ten times worse than what he\u8217\'92d whiffed of Seb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought, at first, that this was some kind of prayer room and that the smell was incense put here to trigger his spiritual impulse. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t entertain the thought that this scent was meant to mask a fouler smell until he reached out into the dark to steady himself, and instead of slapping against stone, his fingers sank into something that felt curiously like skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped and recoiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He leaned back into the opposite wall where his other hand brushed up against a dried and bony limb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped again, and prayed fast that Solraheen would adjust his eyes to the darkness. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have pulled his own Spark out to see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb slapped the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your hands to yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s in here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed Mandri towards the stipple-pricked sigil of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned to protest his new accommodation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sit down and be quiet,\u8221\'94 Seb commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Mandri could frame his dissent, a dark shape flew towards him and crashed into his stomach. He wheezed, went sprawling against the wall and sank down to the floor. He fumbled around in the dark and squealed in disgust when his thumb poked through a stiff and gristly cloth and dove into something with the consistency of fire-crusted jelly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t until Obo\u8217\'92s airy laugh came giggling out from under Mandri\u8217\'92s armpit that Mandri realized what had just happened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Seb had thrown Obo at him, and he\u8217\'92d just plumbed his thumb into Obo\u8217\'92s stumped thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get off me!\u8221\'94 Mandri shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hardly can,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m wrapped up tight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri gruffly picked Obo up. The Mazid was about as light as a two-year-old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put me down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop wiggling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not, you\u8217\'92re shaking me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nowhere to put you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quit your flappin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted. \u8220\'93And stop touchin\u8217\'92 shit. This is a sacred place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandi didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to get slapped so he shut up and stuffed Obo in between his good right leg and the wall. He had to bunch himself up closer to the other side and that was a dicey proposition, because something dead was resting there and he didn\u8217\'92t want his wound rubbing up against it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri prayed for a light, and by Sol, there it was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a diffuse glow of lamp light came creeping up the blackrock corridor wall behind Seb. Seb spun around and there was the girl Purl, standing in the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance, looking like she\u8217\'92d just picked herself up from rolling down a dune. Her robes were as dirty as a sandrat, and her hair was as wild as  a weedbush puffing out of her wide black bandanna that she\u8217\'92d affixed to her forehead. The red kell oil smeared on her face picked up the warm light and made it seem as if her cheeks were rubbed raw down to the bleeding muscle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri recalled the sight of her screaming at Obo to kneel back in that pit cave a day or two before. She seemed much healthier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She peered around Seb at Mandri, as if looking for him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move,\u8221\'94 she said to Seb. Seb begrudgingly stepped out of the room to give her the space to enter. As she did, the oil-dish lamp she held before her splayed its light out onto the room\u8217\'92s interior, bringing this haunting \u8216\'91closet\u8217\'92 to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cut into the black rock walls were coffin-sized slits, three on either side, stacked one above the other. Inside each of these, resting in peaceful repose, was a corpse, each in a different stage of decomposition, and each naked as it came from the womb, and all of them, as far as Mandri could tell, were giant men. Ayram-sized men. Their beards were black and grey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The corpse that the light lit clearest was as black and shriveled as a grape weeks fallen from the vine. It was impossible to say for certain how long that body had been laying there, for an unbothered corpse in the Sand could last an age, but cloistered away in Minting Rock, sheltered from the wind and abrasion, Mandri figured that a corpse could last for as long as Solraheen willed it. That body could be as ancient as the world itself. It was disgusting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A desiccated hand with purpled fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shadows licked at a dry, pruned up shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All of it frosted by a layer of dust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No hint of bloat, no tar-like iridescence of fresh rot that might explain the smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Mandri looked down and saw the spreading rot in his own leg and he wondered if the smell was coming from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl set her lamp down in a shallow recess in the wall which had been carved for the purpose. With her other arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her handless arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was clutching a smallgrass basket close to her chest, and this she set on the floor at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. She squatted down and began to unload it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 first out was a puffy square of gray wool folded into itself. Next was a bundle of damp leaves knotted at the stems. Then came a stone mortar which tinked against the floor. Last came three small alabastron jars that were packed to the brim with waxy substances, one red, one green, and one blue. Purl hesitated with these, treated them more gently than the rest, and once all were arrayed out before her, she handed the basket back to Seb, who tucked it mindlessly into one of the corpsedens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see the bite,\u8221\'94 she said to Mandri.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri drew up his robe and leaned onto his right ass cheek. He rolled his wounded thigh into the light. The poultice was looking especially wrinkled and sloppy, hanging half off. Purl eyed the dark veins in his leg with a keen interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you look at that,\u8221\'94 she muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was now standing right behind her, hovering over her shoulder, chewing on a fresh borcandi spine. He was munching it right by her ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re blocking the light,\u8221\'94 Purl snipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb moved back, then cleared his phlegmy throat and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t do anything yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This needs to be cured. Now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanna question him first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two can talk while I\u8217\'92m working.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl pulled a thumb-sized pestle from her ruddy robes and she dolloped a two-finger-dip of each of the colorful waxes into her mortar. Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s one good hand wasn\u8217\'92t used to doing two things at the same time, so each time she clawed wax from a jar, the jar slid and teetered on its base, and each time she had to catch it, her handless left arm hanging in the air like a useless friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said stop,\u8221\'94 Seb pecked. \u8220\'93Only fix him up if he talks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to do this now or not at all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl peeled back the old poultice from Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leg to reveal the black wound underneath. It was an awful sight, smothered over with that mucky paste, but Mandri was more concerned with Purl\u8217\'92s choice of words. Now or never? His mind immediately leapt to an awful conclusion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 having been bit by a demon, that must mean he was turning into a demon. He eyed the wound and half-imagined the festering skin was turning into a scaly lizard hide. He was suddenly in want of a mirror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If he goes permanent, he goes permanent.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you for the insight,\u8221\'94 Purl said dryly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going permanent?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked. Purl\u8217\'92s dark eyes flicked up and met him. \u8220\'93The worst that can happen is you lose your leg,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lose my leg!? That could kill me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, it might.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then how was that the worst that could happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb crowded back into the light, and he started to speak before dealing with the wash of juice in his mouth, so his tongue was swimming under the consonants, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She say \u8216\'91on\u8217\'92t wuhwy abou\u8217\'92 it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl pushed Seb back with a miffed look and then set herself back to mixing the medicine in the mouth of her mortar. She poured a finger full of water from her personal waterskin into it, and she swirled it around with the wax, then she plucked three leaves and dropped them onto the swimming globs of color. Once this was done to satisfaction, she began to knead it all into a paste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri watched with eager intent, and so did Obo. Obo leaned over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs, trying to peer into the mixture, but since he was hardly more than a ribcage swiveling on hips, \u8216\'91leaning\u8217\'92 was a chancy thing. Mandri had to catch him to keep him from tipping over, and this commotion interrupted Purl\u8217\'92s pestle\u8217\'92s rhythmic thump. She paused and gave Obo the same miffed look she\u8217\'92d given Seb a moment before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought that wax was insoluble in water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must not be wax,\u8221\'94 said Purl, and she resumed smashing the bits of leaves down into the sopping goop. By now the colors were beginning to mix, turning a greenish shade of brown that looked nearly black in the lamplight. Obo was polite enough to wait until she was finished to ask, \u8220\'93Would you mind if I tasted it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The disgust in Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was absolute, with thin lines wearing deep furrows in her forehead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 evidently this was a look she wore often. Most outland women end up with rumpled foreheads, and it\u8217\'92s not just from squinting at the sun. From first blood they\u8217\'92re fighting wars of aggravation against outland men. The difference here was that the nuisance at hand was a Mazid, not a man, and he wasn\u8217\'92t rebuffed in the usual way. His eyes were bright, expecting entertainment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb crowded once more into the light. In his hand was a knife with a blade as long as the string of spit which dangled down from his lip. He handled the knife playfully, limp-wristed, and he swung in and out of his own cast shadow. Twice, the handle threatened to slip out of his seemingly careless fingers and Mandri flinched. If Obo was concerned about the blade slicing into his stomach, he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t show it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb swallowed back the flood in his mouth and said to Obo, with a little more diction, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t like listenin\u8217\'92 to you talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pointed the knife straight at Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s unfortunate,\u8221\'94 said Obo, \u8220\'93Because I like to talk.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This drew a gurgling hiss from Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheek.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You killed good people in those hills,\u8221\'94 Seb said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry to hear that. In my defense, I didn\u8217\'92t have time to separate the good from the bad, as they were all shooting arrows at me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, like they was the ones that started it,\u8221\'94 Seb scoffed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, where is this coming from? You of all people should know I don\u8217\'92t kill when I don\u8217\'92t need to, because I could have killed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , but I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. I had every chance, but you were no threat to me, hiding under that bush.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 hiding}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 !\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Seb seethed. He was bending over now, with his blade near enough to Obo\u8217\'92s cheek to kiss it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no need to justify a cowardly act,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I would have done much the same.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flashed thunder and his jaw went stiff. He pulled back, pulled the knife away, and somehow the distance was even more threatening, for he seemed all the more likely to snap and pounce.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean to offend you,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93In a sense, it\u8217\'92s a compliment, because to call a man cowardly is to confirm that he is not a coward\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  a coward, but not a coward. I know you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not a coward Seb. But you are the most cowardly man I\u8217\'92ve ever met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s insult nearly knocked the borcandi spine from Seb\u8217\'92s cheek. That would have been the second time the crunched-up spine had dropped. The man simply didn\u8217\'92t have enough teeth to keep it nestled, and to make it all even more difficult, Seb kept half the spine hanging out to keep it dry so that it\u8217\'92d last longer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seb, you\u8217\'92re blocking the light again,\u8221\'94 said Purl as she sat back in the folds of her robe. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you have something better to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb sipped a breath and twirled his blade about in little circles as he tried to think of an excuse to say. Mandri could tell that he was not a man who could leave a conversation without feeling like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d won it, and when a man\u8217\'92s not got the gift of wit, a knife will often do. Thankfully, a shout for Seb came echoing out from the corridor behind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Count your blessings,\u8221\'94 said Seb, and though the words were meant for Obo, it was Purl who whispered thanks to the heavens when Seb left to heed the call.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Free from distraction, Purl set again to her work. She unfolded the woolen square to make a pocket which she then packed full with the dark goo from her mortar. She scraped the bottom of the mortar to make sure she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left no leavings. Obo interrupted her concentration by saying, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to introduce myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl rolled her eyes and did not respond. Mandri saw that Obo was about to make a mistake by pressing the girl, and he felt compelled to intervene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, stop.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow knit tight and she said, \u8220\'93You call it Obo?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s his name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You share names with a Mazid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been talking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl cradled the poultice wrap with her good hand, then plopped it paste-down right on the Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wound. A shock of pain ran through Mandri\u8217\'92s hip and he almost bit down his tongue. A cold goo shocked his leg and almost stunned the rest of him into it . He was surprised to find that the pain had dulled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 he said, surprised. \u8220\'93Thanks for that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What would you and a Mazid have to talk about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been scheming an escape,\u8221\'94 Mandri said, and he snuck a side-long smirk towards Obo. \u8220\'93The reason why he wants to introduce himself is because he wants to figure out how he can use you to, you know, scheme his escape. The more he knows about you, the better he can manipulate you. That\u8217\'92s what he\u8217\'92s been doing with me. He\u8217\'92s a schemer. Look at him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both he and Purl looked at Obo, who was trying a little too hard to look innocent. And just like any old human not worn into the ways of deceit he cracked and had to resort to simple denial. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  true.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He also told me he never lies, so you know that means he lies all the time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is not true either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Obo, you\u8217\'92re not fooling anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Purl stood up in a huff and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about whatever is going on here.\u8221\'94 Her eyes flicked to the ends of the unwrapped poultice. \u8220\'93Tie it up yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With that, she left the room, leaving Mandri alone with Obo, who was. It was the first real emotion he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expressed, aside from mild amusement. But without hairy brows, Obo\u8217\'92s face was not well suited for anger. The Mazid\u8217\'92s pale face looked like an underpainting for a real one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that!?\u8221\'94 Obo exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was trying to earn her trust.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would earn her trust by betraying mine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would prove yourself trustworthy by being untrustworthy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri set about wrapping the ends of the poultice around his leg. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we want her to tell us what is going on, then we\u8217\'92ve got to get her to lower her guard, and the best way to do that is to be honest. Honesty is disarming. You should try it sometime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honesty requires discretion, Mandri, otherwise it causes more problems than it solves. That\u8217\'92s doubly true with superstitious outland folk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what I\u8217\'92m doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You do, do you? She left the room!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might as well have pushed her out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, Obo, she left because of you. She hates you. Obo, they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 all }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 hate you. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not ever going to talk to you, and because of that, we\u8217\'92ve got to get them to talk to me, and to do that, they have to trust me. If that means they trust you less, so be it. What\u8217\'92s the harm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The cold sense of it softened Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood a little. He said, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t blame you for not knowing this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s my fault for not telling you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but this girl reacts extremely negatively to anything that doesn\u8217\'92t reek of kindness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you say that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anything that\u8217\'92s harsh, or argumentative, or loud, it puts her off. Any hostility at all is going to make her get up and leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How could you possibly know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That girl is my Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Open up my robe at the chest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m wrapped up tight so I can\u8217\'92t do it, so you do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri carefully pulled Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s robe open to reveal that scar running down the Mazid\u8217\'92s sternum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see the scar?\u8221\'94 Obo asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I saw it earlier,\u8221\'94 Mandri said as he tucked the robe closed again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was Purl who cut me open. Then she chopped off her own hand and buried it in my chest. As we speak, her fingers are gripping my heart. She has bound me to her will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Her hand is inside your chest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo nodded, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve only had one other Minder\u8217\'92s will coursing through my veins, and he was as foul a man as ever lived, so believe me when I tell you that I know what a will without kindness feels like\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Purl is different. I can feel her cringe at the mere thought of two people angling at each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had a hard time processing Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words because he couldn\u8217\'92t get past the image of a human hand squeezing the Mazid\u8217\'92s heart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85that\u8217\'92s interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know I bear some of the blame for scaring her off because of how I dealt with Seb, but I expected Seb to respond more positively to hostility.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kindness, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kindness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that\u8217\'92s not going to come from me, so we might as well write Purl off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, if I can fake it, you can fake it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, kindness doesn\u8217\'92t mean what you think it means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Spare me from your wisdom, Mandri.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, think about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 On average, and this is true, on average, people are more likely to hate each other than love each other, aren\u8217\'92t they? So shouldn\u8217\'92t kindness mean hostility? Because if kindness is how one kind treats its own kind, then a kind person is a selfish, hostile person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, I think Seb was on to something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92ve spent too much time biting burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92m wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re distracted. We\u8217\'92re far afield from the problem at hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about, we\u8217\'92re right on point. If we want to get in with these Ayramun, we\u8217\'92ve got to agree on how to go about doing it. If you tell me to be kind to someone, I\u8217\'92m going to be kind, but I have a different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more correct\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 understanding of the word.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, there is a column of Hrkan Skulsi marching towards this rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. \u8220\'93That must be why\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo nodded and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll be here within a finger. When they get here, they\u8217\'92re going to slaughter us all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gray eyes settled into an easy gleam as if he were almost happy about it. He then turned his sight towards the stippled sign of Solraheen and he listened intently to something Mandri could not hear. \u8220\'93Actually, they\u8217\'92re here already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His words heralded the deep and yawning howl of the Hrkan horn of war. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEEoooooooooooooooommmm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The sound shook the wall against Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back while the rest of Minting Rock was sent stirring with the hollers of the Ayramun barking their excitement. Mandri worked through his bewilderment to stand up, pushing himself up against the narrow walls, doing so carefully to not bother his leg, all so that he could turn and look through one of the small holes in the eightfold sun. He couldn\u8217\'92t see much, but out there, sure enough, set against a field of fiery sand was a white-robed column of men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well I think this proves my point,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93People don\u8217\'92t march around like that to help out widows and orphans, do they? That, there, is the kindness of men in full regalia. I wonder whose kindness is stronger, those Hrks or these Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mandri, I can almost guarantee that you will be dead in less than half a hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Ayramun can win, can\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seventeen Ayramun against eighty Skulsi is long odds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s got to count for at least twenty. And this rock is practically a fortress. It\u8217\'92s got murder holes. What are the Hrks going to do, lay siege? Out here in the desert?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, but I\u8217\'92m sure they have a plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve also got you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No we don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on, Obo. You know, I\u8217\'92ve never actually seen a Mazid spit Mazidfire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you likely never will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re going to sit there and let them come and kill me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought we were friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, if you open your mouth and blast those Hrks to Shis, I will wash your feet with oil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any feet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll wash your nubs with the richest blueseed oil that I can find. I\u8217\'92ll make it myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo sighed and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let us simply enjoy our time together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri grunted his displeasure. And he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to sit down and revel in a final moment while a battle unfolded. He\u8217\'92d never seen a battle before.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d once seen an alley fight with ten men, six against four, a dispute over some patch of land out in the country.  The six outnumbered the four, but if you only took raw bulk into consideration, the four had the upper hand. Elbows cracked skulls and there was a lot of blood, but it wasn\u8217\'92t a proper battle. It was more of a skirmish. Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t sure where the line between a skirmish and battle was, and he hoped that these proceedings could shed some light on the matter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  He was about to ask Obo his opinion, when a shrill and steady whistle sounded out from the Hrkan column and pierced his thoughts, pushing out all other concerns. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was not a sound out of Shis, a metallic, tinny tone that quivered like a strandtail\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warble, only it was ten times louder and harsher than the shriek of a hawk. That damned sound cut through the rock so clearly that its source might as well have been in the room. For Mandri, it was an ear-splitting pain, but to Obo it was doing something stranger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Mazid had fallen over onto his side and was squirming. His eyes were rolling around in their sockets, twitching and turning as if a worm were chewing on his ocular nerve. The whistling jumped to a higher pitch and Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole body began to convulse in violent fits. Mandri reached out to keep Obo\u8217\'92s head from thumping against the stone, but before he could do anything to help, Obo\u8217\'92s stomach wretched, his chest heaved, and a dim gray formless ember shot out from his mouth, leaving his body limp and lifeless. The strange light hovered just above Obo\u8217\'92s lips for the briefest spell, and then the whistling shifted its register again, higher still into a pitch reserved for animal spirits, and the gray ember shot right towards Mandri\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ducked and the ember whizzed past his neck, its energy scorching his skin as it went. It zipped on to punch a hole the size of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fist into the rock behind him. Mandri spun around in time to watch it fly up into the air. He lost sight of it for a moment against the bright midday sky, then found it again as it dove towards the distant column of Hrks. As it fell, the whistling fell to a drowning timbre, until, with a flash, the light and the whistling were snuffed out altogether, as if swallowed up by a figure at the head of the Hrkan column\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a figure much shorter than the rest and robed in black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears could recover their tuning, the Hrkan horn of war sounded out again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWWWEEEEeeeeoooooooo00000000000mmmm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The deep bellow shook Mandri out of his skin. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard the horn once already, but this time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this time he knew the horn was blowing for him. Terror welled up in his gut. He could see the column clearly now through his punched out window, and as the Hrks marched they flattened out into a solid square. A command was barked and the soldiers quickened their advance, bracing their white, oblong shields up against the rain of arrows that was sure to come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Twenty paces later, and Mandri heard the twang of bows and fluttering phhht of arrow fletchings brushing through the air all around him, rushing high up into the sky. Ten Hrkan paces later, and a hail of black arrows fell upon the hide of that onrushing Hrkan square. Most of these missiles bounced harmlessly away, but some snuck in between the scales, marked here and there by the sudden tumbling of one of the Hrkan number, each followed by a chorus of triumphant hollers as several Ayramun all took credit at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These little victories did nothing to slow the Hrkan advance. Every gap opened by the felling of one soldier was closed in quick-step time, and when, at last, it was clear that they would not scatter and flee, the hollering of the Ayramun twisted into a stressed appeals for Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intervention. Mandri could hear the more practical Ayramun sprinting from room to room, trying to find better angled holes to fire upon their target, sometimes crashing into each other, screaming insults as whole bundles of arrows were split.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb rushed by Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hole, then came back, noticing the fresh new vantage in the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move out of the way!\u8221\'94 he shouted as ran in. He kicked Obo\u8217\'92s lifeless body to the side, then squatted down and started firing arrows down at the marching men. They were close enough now that their faces could be seen peering over their shields.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb fired his arrows with ruthless efficiency, but judging by the stream of curses that followed every shot, he was missing his mark. After each twang of his bow, his shooting angle shifted lower towards the ground, until at last he grabbed his bow in both hands and snapped it on his knee. He then pulled his dagger and fled from the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Mandri heard a noise which froze his body solid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chink-TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 Mandri wondered aloud.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chink-TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It sounded like a chisel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked again through the hole in the wall and tried to make sense of the situation. Directly below was a bevy of upturned shields, in the center of each, the gold-eyed Hrkan sun was looking up at him with dumb indifference.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK-TINK-TINK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The chiseling was getting louder, faster, followed close behind by the roars of Hrkan men possessed by the spirit of battle. Somewhere far below, in Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance well, limbs were getting hacked to pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then came a loud stone-splitting crack and the whole of Minting Rock lurched. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stumbled but caught himself as the sound of crunching rock ran through the floor and ceiling.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 #}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CRRRCKKKKkkkk-krrrk-kkkkkk-k}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All went silent in the wake of this rock-hewn thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There were no shouts of struggle below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No clash of sword on shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For a brief, glorious moment, every Spark from man to flea dropped their troubles and shared the exact same fearish feeling, and this communion might have lasted forever if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t split by the tinny sound of a chisel striking stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A long, jagged crack exploded into the floor of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s burial chamber and he jumped as Minting Rock lurched again. The dust of ages shook loose from the ceiling, as if the room above had been hammered by Solraheen\u8217\'92s fist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo,\u8221\'94 Mandri said to the glassy-eyed and lifeless Mazid. \u8220\'93Obo, we\u8217\'92d better leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another jolt shook the room, and the crack in the floor opened wider. Mandri shuffled away just as a thunderous boom sent the crack darting across the whole length of the floor and up the sun-stippled wall, fracturing the chamber in two. Then suddenly the chamber\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole left side slid down an inch before coming to a rest on some new fault in the foundation far below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, fear pulsing in chest, yanked one of the aged corpses out of its resting place and tossed it onto the ground. He then grabbed Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limp body and threw the Mazid into the now unoccupied grave. He pushed Obo as far towards the back as he could, and then Mandri crawled in alongside him. The very moment that Mandri tucked in his legs, the opposite wall started to collapse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first thing to go was Purl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clay oil lamp. It jostled loose from its perch and smashed onto the floor, splashing licks of oil and flame about the room. Then the wall behind it shook, and the seams in the ceiling burst, shooting a jet of smoke into the room, flooding Mandri\u8217\'92s grave with dust, obscuring the air so completely that Mandri could not see the hail of stone come crashing down. What he did see, a moment later, after wiping the dust from his eyes, was the awesome sight of Minting Rock split in half like a geode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before he could even register his shock, the opposite half began to fall away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Haunting screams split the air as those Ayramun stuck on the wrong side of this split-open stone grasped their impending doom. Three men, on the floor above Mandri, jumped across to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, but below, a ragged, fear-stricken woman straddled the half-shorn wall of what once was a tunnel. Mandri watched in terror as she rode the undone structure down into a billowing cloud of dust, crying a prayer up to Solraheen as she went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri closed his eyes against the deafening crash, and the air came alive with a thundering crash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God, our god,\u8221\'94 Mandri prayed. It was the start of a daily prayer, but the rest of the words, Mandri had long forgotten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He opened his eyes again, and peered down at the chaos from his blessed perch. The floor was completely gone, and in its place was a hundred foot drop down into a swirl of rust-colored smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then, as the smoke lifted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A swarm of white Hrkan cloaks far below, some moving amongst the crumble of black rock, some deathly still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then some of the black rocks moved, some jumped out of the structure still left standing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ayramun in their dark, dusty rags.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A yell rang out and the two sides rushed each other. Once again, the battle was joined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri crept back into his hole\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no clear way to get down, not that he wanted to get down. He was oddly happy to be stuck up in his high hole. No matter who won down below, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be safe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whatever demon had split open Minting Rock was not finished, and this time Mandri could feel the chisel strokes resonate all through the rock around him. He curled up in that grave, wrapped his head in his hands and tried to shut out the horror of it, but his sense of equilibrium remained, and it screamed bloody murder as his half of Minting Rock began to tilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first it was only a slight shifting as the rock swayed away from the melee down below. Then a loud clap of snapping stone sounded out, and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perch swayed precariously back the opposite direction. He scrambled to grab hold of something, to stop himself from spilling out of his hole and into the open air, and just as his hip began to slide, a thunder of faulting joints burst up from below, and a puff of smoke shot up behind it. The whole terrifying thing swayed back away yet again, before settling into an unstable, precipitous tilt. What was left of Minting Rock dithered there, letting the dread get nice and settled in Mandri\u8217\'92s belly, until, at last, there came a shattering CRACK, and the structure began to fall. Mandri braced himself in that half-shorn tomb and to him it seemed the horizon was falling out of the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole structure rolled onto its back like a freshly halved melon. Mandri could do nothing but look to the sky and feel helpless. If there were clouds they would have been zipping by, but there was only the atmosphere, that gradient of blue shifting into a deeper blue, and for the first time ever, Mandri noticed that the desert sky is a bluer blue than any other. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have time to wonder why that was, for amid the rush and tumble, his sight was swallowed up by a cloud of black-red dust and a suffocating blur of sand and stone. Before Mandri could fully realize the horror of being buried alive, the rock grave cradling him snapped open, and the rock bottom sprung loose like a tensioned lever, catapulting him into the air. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri flew a few yards above the surface of the earth. Such was his speed that he smashed right through the brambles of a karkle bush before tumbling into a ragdoll skip along the surface of the warm red-orange sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he finally came to a stop, he found himself half buried in a fledgling dune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And he was alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled himself free from the sand, spit some of it out of his mouth, coughed a bit of dust out of his lungs, then rubbed his eyes open, surprised to see that his scrawny self was still well-put-together. The shoulder which had borne the brunt of impact wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even scratched. There weren\u8217\'92t any bones sticking out, at least. And while the demon bite on his leg was still smarting, Purl\u8217\'92s poultice was still knotted tight. Everything else was where it was supposed to be. The only thing that really hurt was the left side of his face, which had bit into the sand when he landed. Still, that was nothing. Considering everything, that was nothing. He\u8217\'92d been tossed almost fifty yards and was no worse for wear. Meanwhile, what was left of Minting Rock collapsed into a heap of rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a miracle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a miracle coming after a string of miracles. By rights he should be dead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dead three times over. In Meskalim, Salavan had choked to death, and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come back from that. He\u8217\'92d been chewed up by a demon, and just happened to be traveling with a woman who knew how to cure it. And now he\u8217\'92d survived a fall from a height that should have squished him flat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Here he was, alive and breathing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wild,\u8221\'94 Mandri grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked up at the bright blue sky and blinked at the sun, and he felt, in that blessed moment, that he was staring into the eye of Solraheen Himself. Perhaps this rapture would have drawn out a word of praise, and he might have converted then and there to the most devout of all possible men, but it was not to be, for a Hrkan Skulsi was creeping up behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Die, you rangy lizard!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned and saw a mustachioed man in a sparkling white robe running at him with his blade drawn high. Despite the look of fury and rage twisting this soldier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t frightened. Actually, he felt a confidence brewing. If he was supposed to be dead three times over, then what was a fourth?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He held up his hands and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I surrender!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soldier stopped his sprint and seemed pleased to hear it. A proud curve swelled in his chest, and he stomped over to where Mandri knelt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My luck I should catch a coward,\u8221\'94 he said. He held his shining iron sword towards Mandri\u8217\'92s neck and beckoned with its tip for Mandri to stand up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walk,\u8221\'94 said the soldier, and he pointed with his sword in the desired direction, towards a detachment of white cloaked soldiers standing some thirty yards away from the cloud of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s still seething rubble. These Hrks stood shoulder to shoulder, watching the death of Minting Rock as if it were something they\u8217\'92d seen ten times before, and perhaps they had. They were big, bearded men, veterans of many battles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced as his captor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword prodded the small of his back, and he began to walk towards the Hrkan line. And as the squealing stone of Minting Rock settled into it\u8217\'92s final resting place, the air came alive again with the clamor of battle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 breathless shouts of fury, metal clanging against metal, a staccato burst of excited yips, punctuated here and there by cries of agony.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first actual figure to pop out of that lifting smoke was Moto. The Zosan was crouching atop a tall, slanted chunk of former floor, and with one hand he steadied himself, and with his sword he deftly waved off three Hrkan blades swiping at his ankles. Then Purl came scrambling out from a hole in the nearby rubble and disappeared further into the swirling cloud of dust. Two Hrkan cloaks chased after her, but both came to a sudden, fluttering stop after something swung out of the dust and slammed into their chests\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a bone-crunching WHUMP. The two men collapsed to the ground, and standing over them was Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant was so caked in dust that he looked like a creature borne from the Sand. The upper part of his black robe was hanging in tatters over his waistband like it were half-molted skin, and his long black hair, freed from his headwrap, was sweeping his shoulders clean as he twirled his long, blackened iron spear like it were a reed. He slammed it down and smashed its knobby end right through the skull of one of the fallen Hrks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The blood-crunch was so loud that Mandri almost tripped. The three Hrkan men who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been bothering Moto turned towards the giant and screamed curses at the man who\u8217\'92d slain their comrade with such brutal indifference. Ayram charged them, swung his spear in a swooping arc, and that famed Skulsi discipline went to Shis as the iron crunched through the first Hrk\u8217\'92s shield. In a blur, the chisel-head swung round sliced right through the face of another. The final hapless soldier charged and stabbed, but such was Ayram\u8217\'92s speed that his iron spear was around again in time to brush the sword right out of Skulsi\u8217\'92s hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man backed away in fright. He picked up a rock and threw it at Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, and before Mandri could see how Ayram dealt with it, he felt another sharp prodding in his back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on!\u8221\'94 The soldier behind him shouted. The man was unconcerned about his comrade\u8217\'92s plight. He was more interested in getting Mandri to the Hrkan line. So impatient was he, that he took Mandri by the wrist, upped the pace to a jog, and yanked a howling Mandri along behind, for though Purl\u8217\'92s poultice was a soothing balm, Mandri\u8217\'92s demon-bitten leg wasn\u8217\'92t capable of handling a run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After much fumbling and stumbling, they reached the Hrkan detachment and Mandri was thrown down to the sand. His captor then set the cold edge of his blade on the back of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck to keep his head bowed in deference. The man then pounded his chest twice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the standard Hrkan salute\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and with the snap of a well-drilled soldier he declared, \u8220\'93My sirs, I\u8217\'92ve found another skulking bandit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri overcame the fear of the blade pressing against his neck to peep at the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sirs\u8217\'92 this soldier was referring to, and he was stunned to see that standing in front of him was a boy robed in black. Mandri stole a second glance and realized that it was not a boy, but a creature, one crafted by the Hrks\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 white and hairless as Obo and so short that Mandri, kneeling, met him eye to bloodshot eye. Shielding this creature\u8217\'92s nose and mouth was a smooth iron plate riveted onto a leather band that was strapped tight around its head. It was a strange sort of muzzle, with only a small beveled hole for sipping air, and, Mandri presumed, for whistling, for no doubt this was the Mazidariga who had whistled Obo\u8217\'92s pseudo-Spark into its own stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  The Hrkan Lords were fleshcrafters whose works could rival the perversions of Shis\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or so it was rumored\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and no doubt some painful twisting of anatomy was hidden under that Mazidariga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s muzzle, and no doubt it was the work of a twisted mind, for this Riga\u8217\'92s eyes were a child\u8217\'92s eyes, large and curious, yet their whites were so red that their edges were weeping blood, and worse still, the creature seemed accustomed to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next to this Riga child was a tall bald man clad in the baggy blue robes of a Hrkan scribe. All the fat on his body seemed to have settled in his face, giving him a curiously large head for his frame. It was such an incongruity, and scribes were such venal creatures, that Mandri wondered if this man had bribed some younger, fitter person for the use of their body. It was either that, or he, too, was the work of the Hrkan Lords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This scribe did not look at all pleased to see Mandri. No scribe ever was, for scribes of rank were learned men of acquired power, and they kept their silver sunrose brooches bright and blinding. They put so much effort into setting themselves apart that they could sense when someone didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man looked down at Mandri, and with plain derision in his voice he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another coward lurking in the rubble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Riga child coughed, as if clearing his throat of sores, then said through its muffling mask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I smell the Mazid on him.\u8221\'94 There was no hint of menace in the child\u8217\'92s words\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was merely a statement of fact. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said the scribe, thoughtfully. He turned to address the soldier who\u8217\'92d captured Mandri. \u8220\'93The young master told you to fetch the Mazid\u8217\'92s body, not another sniveling rat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes sir. Yes, master.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soldier saluted again, then ran back towards the rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you,\u8221\'94 the scribe said to Mandri, \u8220\'93The Law affords you an opportunity to repent of your crimes. I don\u8217\'92t suppose you\u8217\'92ll take it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85sure, I\u8217\'92ll take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lumpy brow jumped up and said, \u8220\'93Very well. Then you shall be delivered to the nearest Lord and be sold into slavery. Someone take him away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on! Hold on. Wait. I haven\u8217\'92t done anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you haven\u8217\'92t, have you?\u8221\'94 the scribe said, clearly amused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m an honest Jandri man,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93The people in that rock stole me outside of Meskalem three days ago. I was their prisoner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A prisoner?\u8221\'94 The scribe said, and his incredulity slid naturally into a skeptical, chubby-cheeked chortle. \u8220\'93You speak cleanly for an outland poke.\u8221\'94 The man then stooped over the Mazidariga child to make sure the young master was interpreting Mandri\u8217\'92s words correctly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is what we call outland bluster. He is no doubt an outlaw like the rest of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is he?\u8221\'94 the Riga croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed he is, my lord. He is a liar. We shall keep him along with the other liar so they may be dealt the liar\u8217\'92s punishment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe nodded to a nearby soldier, who then dragged Mandri to his feet and led him behind the Hrkan line to where one of the Ayramun, Seb, was being held. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was so caked in the dust of Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collapse that he looked like a mangled root just dug up from the earth. And through it all, he still smelled. Seb looked surprised to see Mandri, though he did not speak a word of acknowledgment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right then,\u8221\'94 said the scribe. \u8220\'93Time to clean this mess up.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrkan horn sounded out and the soldiers lurched forwards into a ridiculous parade march, a heel-stomping strut, and they looked proud to do it as if the Hrkan Lords themselves were watching. The scribe and Mazidariga ambled along in front, while both Mandri and Seb were forced at sword point to keep close behind. Soon the Hrkan soldiers came to a halt and spread out into a skirmishing line, giving Mandri a clean view of the corpse of Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The structure, having split in two and fallen apart, now formed two halves of an impromptu arena, with the rubble on either side rising step-like into the air, complete with dead spectators oozing out between the cracks of pancaked floors. Staged on the arena below was the giant Ayram. He stood resolute with four dead Hrks at his feet, one with his nose smashed flat against his skull, another with his face opened up completely. It seemed that Ayram had the artist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impulse for rearrangement, as well as a madman\u8217\'92s eye for beauty\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he seemed to believe that a man\u8217\'92s face was more pleasing to the eye if it were parted down the middle and hanging down around the shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Behind Ayram, crouching up on rocks like black-scratchers fleeing an incoming tide, were three of his band\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Moto, the old witch Elrahet, and Purl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe stepped forth to address them all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The battle is over,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Lay down your weapons and submit yourselves to the Law.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe clearly bore no actual expectation that the Ayramun would surrender. This was a formality, a formality honored because formalities were what separated civilized men from the animals. The difference between a slaughter and the exercise of justice was whether or not it was preceded by an announcement. If you announce what you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to do, whatever happens next is the victim\u8217\'92s fault. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe rolled his shoulders back, puffed out his chest and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since you have chosen life outside of the natural laws which govern all mankind, you will be dealt with according to the law of beasts. You shall be captured and sold in the court of the Great Lord Hababeen. If you persist in your barbarity, we shall undress your weight with a dull blade and feed your trimmings to pigs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chubby cheeks spread into a frown as if he weren\u8217\'92t pleased to be issuing his threat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was also a formality. Mandri had met his fair share of scribes assigned to posts in the Sand, and to a man they were perverted. The strange bureaucracy that surrounds the culling of outland folk attracts them, and the closer they held to the letter of the law, the more perverse was the performance, and the more satisfaction they gleaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe motioned for both Mandri and Seb to be brought to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Toss your weapon on the ground,\u8221\'94 he said to Ayram, \u8220\'93Or all of you shall be carved to the bone, beginning with these skulking cowards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram planted the chisel-tip of his giant iron spear into the sand, but he did not loosen his grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe grabbed Mandri by the scruff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it be known that the course of law was offered and was rejected.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled a short knife from his robe and raised it up so all could see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say one last time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 toss your weapon! The light of the law demands it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lowered the knife to meet Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram looked like an ancient outland idol cloaked in the dust of untamed earth and anointed with the blood of weaker men. Mandri watched with bated breath as this wildman decided whether or not to surrender to a frail-backed, skinny-fat scribe. Yes, there were Skulsi here too, but never in all the turns of the world could such a man surrender to such a man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt an urge to do something to save his neck, and urges like this one, urges overwhelming, they claw themselves out of the stomach regardless of whether or not they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re welcome in the world. He instinctively squirmed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he knew not why but he squirmed under the firm grip of the scribe, who could sense Mandri\u8217\'92s desperation, but  he\u8217\'92d slit a throat or two before and it seemed he knew how to handle a criminal\u8217\'92s neck. Nonetheless, Mandri squirmed. He hadn\u8217\'92t felt an upwell from his Spark in years\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and he was so unused to its working on him that it passed through him all too easily, too quickly, so that instead of coiling him up and unleashing a twist of fury, what came out of his body was a sneeze\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sneeze with snot and spittle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it came bursting out to fleck the knife and hand of the Hrkan scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe recoiled in horror, as if the flag of snot dripping down the meat of his thumb was the most repulsive thing he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever seen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You disgusting poke!\u8221\'94 he screamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He made to wipe it off on Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheek, but before his knife\u8217\'92s tip grazed Mandri\u8217\'92s skin, the tip of Ayram\u8217\'92s spear slammed into his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe was thrown back by force. A gasping howl issued from his throat as the spear slid halfway through him and slammed into the earth behind, propping the dying man up like a skewered pig.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram had thrown the damn thing. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d thrown it over thirty yards and hit his target square in the chest. And he wasn\u8217\'92t done with that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was sprinting towards the Hrkan line, roaring like the beast the scribe had named him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The white cloaked Skulsi closed rank to meet him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to expect next, but it certainly wasn\u8217\'92t the sight of Ayram leaping over the line of swinging Hrkan swords. He came tumbling down behind them and rolled into a run, and three strides later he was standing over the scribe\u8217\'92s corpse and reclaimed his spear. From there, he turned on the chasing Hrkan Skulsi and swung.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram wielded his spear as efficiently as Mandri could handle a brush\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tight economy of strokes. Twenty-something Hrkan men he had to kill, Hrkan Skulsi no less, veterans of battle with bulging calves from all the marching, with manly beards and mule-kicked brows, faces to fear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how many swings of a spear should it take to bring down such a number? Surely the giant would have to waste a twirl or two to parry the swarm of blows against him. Fifty? If not fifty, then twenty? Mandri might have believed twenty if someone had told him the story secondhand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His disbelieving eyes counted ten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ten strokes to kill at least twenty hardscrabble soldiers. Ten powerful strokes. And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like Mandri would do in a portrait, where he\u8217\'92d make a stroke and wipe it away until he got it right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no room for error here, every sweeping stroke was deliberate and precise, for each had to solve at least two problems all at once. Truly, these were the marks of genius. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When it was over, Mandri wondered why any of it was necessary in the first place. It seemed Ayram could slaughter the world and none would stop him. But when the last white cloak fell, Ayram dropped to his knees. There was a long bloody gash running down his ribs. He had not been perfect, if perfection was such a thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant drew a deep breath and called for Moto. Moto came running, and as he approached Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill the rat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first, Mandri thought Ayram was talking about him, then he thought Ayram was referring to Seb, but when Moto went sprinting past them both, Mandri noticed the Mazidariga child running away into the empty desert, running as fast as his little legs could carry him.}}