{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Lusitana;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\deftab1195\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before the rise of the Hrks, the Fertile Portion was ruled by an Old Jandri king named Duror. To prove his dominion, Duror built granite brick columns, two-by-two-by-ten, at every bend of the river Jek. He carved his own his long-bearded, stone-cloaked, menacing visage into these columns, head heavy with a conical crown that weighed a quarter-ton. The first statue of Duror was built at the Jek\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s source, a spring high up in the Goree mountains overlooking a dramatic fall. The ages have sanded this statue smooth. He is little more than a gray wither of stone in the general shape of a man, earless and eyeless, a brooding pillar that pokes the sun, moon, and stars as they spin endlessly overhead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Jek river descends down into the foothills where it is guarded by a spate of statued Durors that are sanded smooth as well. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re pointed pillars, more like cattle scratch posts than filigreed statues of a king. Their heads are nubs, their swords are worn down to the hilt. Reed boats float by unoppressed. Then the river pours out of the foothills and meanders down into the brink of Hrkan civilization. There the statues of Duror were able to escape the erosive wind, though in time they were found by the chisels of recriminate outland men. Once inside Hrk proper, the many Durors began to lose their bricks altogether as the stones are stolen to reinforce pastoral walls. When the river arrives at the outskirts of Jeket, all that is left of Duror\u8217\'92s monuments are the enormous plinths upon which they once stood, for those stones are too large for anyone to bother with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Old Jandri statues disintegrate the nearer they come to Jeket\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the symbolism here is obvious, unsubtle, and pointed, and so of course, everyone disagrees about what it means. A Hrkan patriot would say that it is a sign of Hrk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cleansing influence on the old world, while outland folk see it as a sign of Hrk\u8217\'92s corrupting influence. Outland folk yearn for that storied age when all peoples were rootless, when herds of oxen were free to be chased across the entire continent, when women wove blankets so long they could be wrapped around a village, and when men were honest and would cut off their own fingers just to prove that they were sorry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Both sides, Hrkan and poke, claim the statues of Duror as symbols of their own magnificence. Sometimes they got to killing over them. Mandri knew the truth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everyone involved was an idiot. The pivotal detail that no one cared to notice was that most of these statues were sitting alone out in an empty desert because the course of the Jek had changed dramatically over the centuries. The statues have nothing to do with Hrk and whether or not Solraheen smiles upon it. The message here is that nothing lasts forever, and while Mandri was sure about everything, he was gods-damned sure about that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Rivers change their course. Rivers dry up. Continents dry up. Everything living dies. Solraheen Himself was killed. Beauty fades. Sparks get sucked out of stomachs. Statues turn to dust. Everything living dies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s worth mentioning twice. Ideas are easy to kill, or at least, easy to corrupt. Innocence is famously easy to kill. In fact, that seems that to be the main function of innocence and all the virtues, they are to be killed or corrupted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 But what of Art? What of Culture? Surely they are more resilient to time. The statues of Durors may be withered husks, but they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 are }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 still there, most of them, brooding over the countryside. When they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re gone, they\u8217\'92ll live on in stories. And anyways, there are greater, older works of Old Jandri still around to inspire the generations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had seen all there is to see of Old Jandri make. The Old Jandri craftsmen were skilled, but not especially so. None of it would be valuable if not for the weight of history attached. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what age does for a work of art. Many things get made but as each moon passes, things begin to disappear. When enough disappears, whatever\u8217\'92s left gets called a relic, revered more for the aura of absence it represents than what it actually is. That\u8217\'92s what age does for a work. Every old painting is nothing but an invitation to imagine a world which failed to survive. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Minting Rock was such a relic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Though, it was not of Old Jandri make.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was older.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Much older.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was so old that its aura filled Mandri with an overwhelming sense of loss. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exterior was had been ominous enough, but the interior was full of sacred mystery, had been hollowed out into a tiered sacred place with a central sunlit well that ran straight down through the entirety of the rock. Far above, a golden, canted column of sunlight split the blackness of the rock\u8217\'92s interior, though it did not illuminate much. Mandri felt, without exaggeration, that he was inside the eye of a bead cast off from the necklace of some ancient mountain god. If it weren\u8217\'92t for the pain in his leg, and the difficulty in staying balanced on the knotted rope that pulled him upwards, he would have had a spiritual experience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ascended into the rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s antechamber, which was a bulbous, cylindrical cocoon eight men tall. Aside from that column of light, it was lit by two flower-flame oil lamps affixed to either shoulder of an Ayram-sized passage to Mandri\u8217\'92s left. The lamplight was dim and orange, and so much of the room\u8217\'92s detail was lost to blackness, but what was visible as Mandri was pulled up through the hole in the center of the floor took his breath away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The flat disc of a floor was embossed with a rotationally symmetric diamond pattern, and at the floor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edges this pattern ran smoothly up onto the wall, such that there was no distinction between where the floor ended and where the wall began. The pattern flowed upwards and split into several ribbons of sculptural stone, a weave that criss-crossed in and out of itself, a stunning fantasy that coupled geometric intricacy with organic fluidity and pulse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all in stone. And it had dimension, as the topmost ribbons cast hard, shifting shadows on the ribbons underneath. It seemed as if the room were a cage keeping out a kaleidoscopic vision stolen from a burgeon binge and brought to life. And that topmost layer, the bars of this cage, graduated from a swirl of ribbon at the floor into a prickling fence of barbed thorns towards the ceiling, and like climbing vines they spiraled all the way up this bulge of a room and converged towards the center of the ceiling, merging into the lashes of an oval eye whose iris was the open shaft which led ever upwards and into the light of day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The room smelled like a urinal. And before this smell could truly sour Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s experience, an unseen hand grabbed a fistful of Mandri\u8217\'92s robe between his shoulder blades and yanked him off the rope. He was then plopped ass-first onto the richly patterned floor and the pain in his thigh reasserted itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The woman who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pulled him out was Seb, and the smell was coming from her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this place?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked in whispered wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This be Minting Rock,\u8221\'94 Seb said as her near-toothless mouth squelched a borcandi spine. She was obviously an old hand at borcandi biting because she carried herself with that borcandi bent\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like her muscles were stuck in tension and had been that way for years, shoulders hunched and tight, head knocked forward, limbs all slightly bowed as if she\u8217\'92d coiled up in fright and rusted that way. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about the name,\u8221\'94 Mandri said. \u8220\'93What }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  this place? Who made it?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb nudged Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip with the toe of her boot, and then shooed him up against the wall with a few flaps of her fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep out of the way,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri scooted backwards against the wall and shoved his injured leg flush against it, so that nothing of him stuck out into the floor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She eased in close, the neck of her robe yawned at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose, and her odor was pouring out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she smelled like butter gone bad. She peered into Mandri\u8217\'92s eyes and said, \u8220\'93I can tell you a burgeon biter, ain\u8217\'92t ya?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Her odor was nauseating. Mandri scrunched up his nose and simply replied, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb stood back up, then wilted. Even a hard-up outland woman couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t abide being found out like that. A woman\u8217\'92s face could be ugly as mud, that was the world\u8217\'92s fault\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but her smell, her smell was coming from the inside and it said something about her without her meaning to. A bad smell is the one thing that could make the most loutish street-junk keeper feel shame. A bad smell is a secret everyone\u8217\'92s got to keep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92d I tell ya bout flappin\u8217\'92 them lips?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tired eyes managed to impress upon Mandri a great disappointment. Seb was a nobody amongst nobodies, as irrelevant as one of Jeket\u8217\'92s crawlers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 beggars who beg from beggars. Mandri had a sense for these people even if they hadn\u8217\'92t yet fallen that far. There\u8217\'92s a dopiness about them, the face kind of sags. And they smell. To a man and woman, they smell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shrill whistle suddenly rang out from the oculus above. A heartbeat later, and Minting Rock was alive with the slapping patter of leather-soled feet as muffled shouts reared out of unseen corridors. It was as if Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s door had just been knocked and all the house mutts were flung into a muster. Hill came climbing up the well-shaft rope, his stout frame slinking up and up like a fat caterpillar. He regarded neither Mandri nor Seb as he disappeared into the chamber above.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 There came, springing out of the passage to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s left, a clink of metal on stone. This thumping clink repeated again and again, in time with a giant\u8217\'92s stride, growing louder as it neared Mandri\u8217\'92s chamber. Mandri found himself trembling when Ayram stormed into the room from the nearby hallway, beard-jutting and wild-eyed. In his hand was his long iron spear, which barely cleared the passage\u8217\'92s ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto followed him in, and waddling in behind Moto was the short, black-ragged witch, Elrahet. She lingered in the passage mouth, under the flickering lamps, and her dark hood cast a long, hard shadow which hid her eyes from view. Mandri watched her as she watched Ayram. There was a familiarity about her that he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram and Moto were standing in the opposite end of the room. On the ground between them was a shadowy lump. Moto kicked it, and a dull crack sounded out. He then grabbed one of the sculptured ribbons affixed to the wall to steady himself, and he was about to deliver another rough kick when Elrahet shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stopped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid is awake,\u8221\'94 said Elrahet, as if pressed for time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto stepped back and let the meager light reveal that the lump on the ground was Obo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he lay there with his half-lidded eyes blinking about like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just woken up from a dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me how you did it,\u8221\'94 Ayram growled. His deep voice was twice as deep inside this echo chamber.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo looked up at Ayram and regarded the giant with contempt. He said, voice hoarse, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you blaming me for now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram did not reply. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to. A man his size could simply stand still, and that was intimidating enough to scare a reluctant tree into shaking off its fruit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo pushed himself up into a sitting position. His head drooped as if his neck were so weak it couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bear the burden. Mandri thought Obo was playing too hard for sympathy here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it can be difficult, sometimes, to draw a clear line between cause and effect, but blaming me for anything seems unsound.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram lifted his great spear, then let it slip down his fist and its wide chisel tip hit the stone floor next to Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo was unimpressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  the one that captured me and brought me here. If I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve brought you any trouble, then you\u8217\'92ve brought it upon yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram remained silent. Mandri suspected the man was realizing that Obo was incapable of feeling fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I may take a moment to ask,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93What is it you truly plan to do with me? I\u8217\'92m a curious creature, I\u8217\'92d love to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 With a twist of his wrist, Ayram set the iron spike to rest against Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collar bone. The weight of it almost tipped Obo over. Obo tried to shrug it off, but Ayram set it right back on the bone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo looked down at the spike\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tip and was unimpressed. \u8220\'93Did you honestly believe that a Hrkan Lord would make a weapon as powerful as me without devising a way to track me down should I get loose?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They can track you down to anywhere?\u8221\'94 Moto asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you truly never heard of the Mazidariga?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had never heard of the Mazidariga. And judging by the dumbfounded expression in Moto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, and the odd tilt in Ayram\u8217\'92s chin, neither man had heard of it either. Since neither were willing to admit to not knowing something, an uneasy silence went unbroken until Elrahet grumbled aloud, \u8220\'93Riga means shadow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moto bent down and began to examine Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadow on the wall for a sign of some obscure magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not my literal shadow,\u8221\'94 Obo said with disdain. \u8220\'93A Mazid\u8217\'92s shadow is a creature. They are grown alongside us. Their purpose is to hunt us down. You cannot hope to hide from the Hrks so long as you hold onto me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Moto,\u8221\'94 said Ayram after a thoughtful pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get the boys blooded up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right,\u8221\'94 said Moto. He then jumped onto the well-shaft rope and climbed out of sight with only a few, powerful pulls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to fight them?\u8221\'94 Obo asked in disbelief as he watched Moto disappear. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very brave. I hope you don\u8217\'92t expect I\u8217\'92ll be of much help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram twisted around to glare at Obo, and then Mandri. It might have been the shadows, but Mandri thought he saw a flash of ire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it\u8217\'92s not Mandri\u8217\'92s fault,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93He could be the most willful Minder of all, and it\u8217\'92d be no use. You see, a Mazidariga can\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram spun his spear around so that the sphere-end struck the ground. The metallic clang shut Obo up. Seb, anticipating a word from her leader, stepped forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take our useless Minder and his Mazid up into a haspt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb bowed in deference as Ayram and Elrahet swept out of the chamber, back into the passage from whence they came. Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s iron clinked against the stone as he went, though the sound was soon lost amongst the yip and din as a band of the hardest pokes prepared themselves for battle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb grabbed Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrist and yanked him to his feet. Mandri groaned as his leg screamed. Seb hurried over to Obo and made a fuss about wrapping him up tight so that his blood-wet stub sacks wouldn\u8217\'92t taint her person. Once Obo was swaddled up tight as a baby, arms folded inside a restricting robe, Seb picked him up and carried him under-arm like a freshly-wrapped package of beef. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She ran into the dark passage. Then she popped back out and grunted for Mandri to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri limped after her, steadying himself against the sculptured stone, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurry up!\u8221\'94 Seb cried as she doubled back and took hold of Mandri\u8217\'92s wrist. She pulled Mandri towards a sputtering lamp whose light flickered over a set of chubby, upward swirling stairs. Ascending these stairs put an odd twist in Mandri\u8217\'92s mental map of the place, and it became difficult to maintain a sense of where he was within the rock. There was almost no light, and he was shoved through so many warped passages that all he knew for certain was that he was moving away from the center. Every new chamber and corridor became more cluttered and cramped, and the stonework less polished and more rough. The walls were still sculpted into an otherworldly weave but Mandri\u8217\'92s fingers could feel an inattention to thickness of edge. It was clumsy work, clumsy in comparison to what he\u8217\'92d seen in that central shaft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri got to thinking, after bumping his head on an absurdly low door frame, that whoever had carved this rock had perhaps carved out too much of it. Unless Old Jandri tribesmen were as learned as Hrkan architects in the art of stressing stone, the whole thing was bound to fall apart. And the further up and out Mandri went, the more slapdash the passages and rooms became. By the time he reached the outer edge of the rock, and saw a slit of bright blue sky though an embrasure, his fingers were brushing over stress cracks in walls. Once, in this dusty dark, he bumped his shoulder against an unworked wooden beam that arched over his head. He swore he saw the floor above buckle and sag.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed him into a long and narrow room. It was long enough for him to lay down in, but barely enough room to turn around. This space had access to outside air through a stippled pattern of finger-sized holes bored into the far wall. The sun didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shine directly through them, so these pinpricks of day sat on the black rock wall illuminating nothing, like a constellation of stars. They composed an Old Jandri pattern\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a simple, eight-flamed sun, the traditional symbol of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb elbowed Mandri further into this shoulder-squeezing closet, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when the room\u8217\'92s defining quality hit him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the air inside was thick with a foul smell, sweet and horrible, cloying, as if a mound of peaches were putrefying in some dark corner. Mandri gagged, clutched at his nose, and when the spicy bitterness stung the back of his tongue like rancid burgeon bile he spat and choked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He thought, at first, that this was some kind of prayer room and that the smell was incense put here to trigger his spiritual impulse. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t entertain the thought that this scent was meant to mask a fouler smell until he reached out into the dark to steady himself, and instead of slapping against stone, his fingers sank into something that felt curiously like skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped and recoiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He leaned back into the opposite wall, and his palm brushed up against a dried and bony limb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He yelped again, and prayed fast that Solraheen would adjust his eyes to the darkness. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have pulled his own Spark out to see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb slapped the back of his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your hands to yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s in here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb pushed Mandri towards the stipple-pricked sigil of Solraheen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned to protest his new accommodation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sit down and be quiet,\u8221\'94 Seb commanded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Mandri could frame his dissent, a dark shape flew towards him and crashed into his stomach. He wheezed, went sprawling against the wall and sank down to the floor. He fumbled around in the dark and squealed in disgust when his thumb poked through a stiff and gristly cloth and dove into something with the consistency of fire-crusted jelly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just plumbed his thumb into Obo\u8217\'92s stumped thigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get off me!\u8221\'94 Mandri shrieked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hardly can,\u8221\'94 said Obo. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m wrapped up tight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri picked Obo up with his one good hand. The Mazid was as light as a three-year-old.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put me down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop wiggling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not, you\u8217\'92re shaking me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nowhere to put you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quit flappin\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94 Seb shouted. \u8220\'93And stop touchin\u8217\'92 shit. Place is sacred.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandi didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to get slapped so he shut up and stuffed Obo between his good right leg and the wall. He had to bunch himself up closer to the other side of this narrow closet of a room, and that was a dicey proposition, because something dead was resting there and he didn\u8217\'92t want his wound rubbing up against it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri prayed for a light, and by Sol, there it was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the diffuse orange glow of a lamp light came creeping up the corridor behind Seb. Seb spun around and there was the girl Moteah, standing in the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance, looking less prim and proper than Mandri remembered. Her long beige robe had a few wrinkles, and her severe headscarf was gone, showing her hair to be as wild as a weedbush. Her black skin glistened from all the kell oil she\u8217\'92d smeared on her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri recalled the sight of her glaring at him in that pit cave a day or two before. Somehow, she seemed even more uptight, and she peered around Seb at Mandri, as if looking for him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move,\u8221\'94 she said to Seb. Seb begrudgingly stepped out of the room to give Moteah the space to enter. As she did, the oil-dish lamp she held before her splayed its light into the room\u8217\'92s interior, bringing this haunting \u8216\'91closet\u8217\'92 to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Cut into the black rock walls were coffin-sized slits, three on either side, stacked one above the other. Inside each of these, resting in peaceful repose, was a corpse, each in a different stage of decomposition, and each naked as it came from the womb, and all of them, as far as Mandri could tell, were giant men. Ayram-sized men. Their beards were black and gray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The corpse that the light lit clearest was as black and shriveled as a grape weeks fallen from the vine. It was impossible to say for certain how long that body had been lying there, for an unbothered corpse in the Sand could last an age, but cloistered away in Minting Rock, sheltered from the wind and abrasion, well Mandri figured that a corpse could last for as long as Solraheen willed it. That body could be as ancient as the sun itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Shadows licked at the corpse\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dry, pruned up shoulder. Its desiccated hand with purpled fingers sat on the grave\u8217\'92s edge, like a giant spider creeping into the light. All of it was frosted by a layer of dust. There was no hint of bloat, no tar-like iridescence of fresh rot, though it was clearly the source of the smell. Mandri compared the disgusting sight of it to his own leg. He wasn\u8217\'92t faring much better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah set her lamp down in a shallow recess in the wall which had been carved for the purpose. In her other arm she clutched a small grass basket close to her chest, and this she set on the floor at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet. She squatted down and began to unload it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 first out was a puffy square of gray wool folded into itself. Next was a bundle of damp, hairy, spade-shaped leaves knotted at the stems. Then came a stone mortar which tinked against the floor. Last came three small alabastron jars that were packed to the brim with waxy substances, one red, one green, and one blue. Moteah hesitated with these, treated them more gently than the rest, and once all were arrayed out before her, she handed the basket back to Seb, who tucked it mindlessly into one of the corpsedens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All yours,\u8221\'94 Seb said, and she left the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah ignored her and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me see the bite.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri hesitated, then drew up his robe and leaned onto his right ass cheek. He rolled his wounded thigh into the light. The old poultice was wrinkled and sloppy, hanging half off, and Moteah eyed the dark veins in his leg with a keen interest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Would you look at that,\u8221\'94 she muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She pulled a thumb-sized pestle from her woolen robes and she dolloped a two-finger-dip of each of the colorful waxes into her mortar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How bad does it hurt?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About as bad as can be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced as she peeled back the old poultice to reveal the black wound underneath. It was an awful sight, smothered over with that mucky paste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are lucky,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93One more night and it would have killed you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wish it would.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah pushed Mandri back with a miffed look, and then set herself to mixing the medicine in the mouth of her mortar. She poured a finger-full of water from her personal waterskin into it, swirled it around with the wax, then plucked three leaves and dropped them onto the swimming globs of color. She let it all soak for a spell, and then she began to knead it all into a paste.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri watched with eager intent, and so did Obo. Obo leaned over Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs, tried to peer into the mixture, but since he was hardly more than a ribcage swiveling on hips, leaning was a chancy thing. Mandri had to catch him to keep him from tipping over, and this commotion interrupted the rhythmic thump of Moteah\u8217\'92s pestle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She paused and gave Obo the same miffed look she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d given Mandri a moment before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo caught her eye and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought that wax was insoluble in water.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Must not be wax,\u8221\'94 she said, and she resumed smashing the bits of leaves down into the sopping goop. By now the colors were beginning to mix, turning a greenish shade of brown that looked nearly black in the lamplight. Obo was polite enough to wait until she was finished to ask, \u8220\'93Would you mind if I tasted it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The disgust in Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was absolute. Most outland women end up with rumpled foreheads, and it\u8217\'92s not only from squinting at the sun. From first blood they\u8217\'92re fighting wars of aggravation against outland men. The difference here was that the nuisance at hand was a Mazid, not a man, and he wasn\u8217\'92t rebuffed in the usual way. His eyes were bright, expecting entertainment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah huffed her irritation, then set again to her work. She unfolded the woolen square to make a pocket, which she then packed full with the dark goo from her mortar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like to introduce myself,\u8221\'94 Obo said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d like you not to,\u8221\'94 she replied as she scraped the bottom of the mortar to make sure she\u8217\'92d left no leavings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about you?\u8221\'94 Obo asked Mandri. \u8220\'93Would you like to introduce yourself?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, not really.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, be quiet.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You call it Obo?\u8221\'94 Moteah asked as her brow knit ever tighter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s his name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not to talk to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then put him in a different room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah soured at Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sass. She cradled the poultice patch in her hand and slapped it paste-down on Mandri\u8217\'92s wound. A shock of pain ran through his hip, and he nearly bit through his tongue. Just as he was about to curse the girl\u8217\'92s name, a quick iciness shot into his leg and chased the pain deep down to the bone. When the wincing excitement wore off, he was surprised to find that the pain was gone completely. His leg was numb cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 he said, relief shaping his voice. \u8220\'93That was fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re welcome.\u8221\'94 She was clearly expecting thanks, but unfortunately for her, she looked a little too much like her brother for Mandri to say thank you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know your brother did this to me,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The twist in Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow unraveled with a tired sigh. She sat back on her haunches and said, \u8220\'93I would apologize, but I try not to make a habit of cleaning up after him.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Mandri muttered. \u8220\'93Well, thanks\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for, you know\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She flashed a quick smile, more in reflex than appreciation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve had a hard few days, so, don\u8217\'92t chase away help when it comes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re here to help?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful. If you could help me escape, that\u8217\'92d be great.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She smiled, this time it was big and bright. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wouldn\u8217\'92t last a hand out in the Sand by yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does that matter? I don\u8217\'92t suppose I\u8217\'92ll last long with you people either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She hesitated before replying. It almost looked like she was counting her words. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know Ayram is rough, and Elrahet can be worse, but out here that works. It doesn\u8217\'92t work with everyone, I know, but what you have to remember is that the cause is all that matters.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killing a demon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Killing the Amalgamete, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I may ask,\u8221\'94 Obo interrupted, \u8220\'93Why was Mandri chosen to be Minder, of all people?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri marveled at how hard it was to read Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. The Mazid played at indignation, but it wasn\u8217\'92t quite that, not really. Hard to read a face without features\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hairless brows, lashless eyes, and colorless skin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Obo looked more like an under-painting than a fully realized person.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elrahet chose him, and I trust her judgment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why trust her?\u8221\'94 Obo asked. \u8220\'93She seems mad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s a witch,\u8221\'94 Mandri added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s much more than a witch. I know she seems\u8230\'85unpleasant, but she is here to help. In her own way, she is here to help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s the one who cut off my hand, right? Put it in Obo\u8217\'92s chest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo says that me being made Minder is going to kill me. Is that true?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sooner we kill the Amalgamete, the sooner you can be rid of the Mazid and any ill effects.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She saw Mandri wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t convinced, and she added, \u8220\'93Do you not want to kill the source of evil in this world?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I never even heard of the beast until a few days ago. I\u8217\'92ve never seen it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you\u8217\'92ll see it, and when you see it, you\u8217\'92ll understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you seen it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, and no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 As Mandri wondered how that could be construed as an acceptable answer, a worried, wordless shout sounded out from somewhere below. That shout was followed by a loud, two-fingered whistle ringing through the rock. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Moteah fetched her basket and gathered her ministrations. She swept herself up, and before she left the room she turned and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I leave, do you swear to stay here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri gathered up the loose ends of his poultice wrap and tied them around his leg. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92m ready to run away just yet,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 She stood firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Swear it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri chuckled and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I swear it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He would have explained that he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t good for his word, but she\u8217\'92d already left. Thankfully, she\u8217\'92d left her oil lamp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is interesting,\u8221\'94 Obo remarked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better than her brother, that\u8217\'92s for sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I agree. But all it takes is one ruined dream to make you people miserable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that so?\u8221\'94 Mandri asked as he tied a tight knot below the poultice to add a little something to support it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That girl seems to think that you will be able to wield me. Unfortunately that will never happen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To put it simply\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92re too kind to be a Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah!\u8221\'94 Mandri exclaimed as a smirk played on his lips. \u8220\'93Obo, you don\u8217\'92t know the first thing about me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I do. You forget that I am bound to your will. As we speak your fingers are gripping my heart. I can }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 feel}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  what you feel, if it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s strong enough.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve had four different Minders, four different wills coursing through my veins, and each was as pitiless as the other. So believe me when I tell you that I know what cruelty feels like\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you don\u8217\'92t have it. It\u8217\'92s a constant gnawing. If you aren\u8217\'92t cruel, then you must be kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri had a hard time getting past the image of his hand squeezing Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart. He said, \u8220\'93Kindness doesn\u8217\'92t mean what you think it means.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think about it. On average, and this is more than true, on average people are more likely to hate each other than love each other. So if }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 kindness }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 is how people treat their }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf1 own kind}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 , then a kind person is a selfish, hostile person.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92ve spent too much time biting burgeons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think I\u8217\'92m wrong?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you\u8217\'92re distracted. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter what word we use to describe the particular feeling that you feel. I said kindness, and while that might not be it, it doesn\u8217\'92t change the fact that you aren\u8217\'92t cruel. At any rate, we\u8217\'92re far afield from the problem at hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I disagree. We\u8217\'92re right on point. If you were to tell me to be kind to someone, I\u8217\'92m going to be kind, but I have a different, more correct, understanding of the word.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Stop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo wiggled around in his tightly wrapped robes. He cocked his ear towards the stipple-pricked wall and listened for something which Mandri could not hear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After a suspenseful pause, Obo answered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is a column of Hrkan Skulsi marching towards this rock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When they get here, they\u8217\'92re going to slaughter us all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s silver eyes settled into an easy gleam as if he were happy about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was about to ask \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91how long till they arrive\u8217\'92, but the answer rudely interrupted him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 from out beyond the stipple-pricked sun of Solraheen came the deep and yawning howl of the Hrkan horn of war. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWEEEEEEEEEEEEoooooooooooooooommmm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole room vibrated. The rest of Minting Rock was sent stirring with the hollers as the Ayramun whooped their excitement. Mandri, bewildered, gingerly pushed himself up against the narrow walls, careful to not bother his leg, all so that he could turn and look through one of the small holes in that stippled sun. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see much, but sure enough, set against a field of fiery sand was a distant column of white-robed men.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I think this proves my point,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93People don\u8217\'92t march around like that to help widows and orphans, do they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is the kindness of men in full regalia\u8230\'85 and now we wait to see whose kindness is stronger, those Hrks or our Ayramun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can almost guarantee that you will be dead in less than half a hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think the Ayramun can win.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seventeen Ayramun against eighty Skulsi is long odds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ayram\u8217\'92s got to count for at least twenty. And this rock is practically a fortress. It\u8217\'92s got murder holes. What are the Hrks going to do, lay siege? Out here in the desert?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, but I\u8217\'92m sure they have a plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And we\u8217\'92ve got a Mazid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is \u8216\'91we\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on, Obo. You know, I\u8217\'92ve never actually seen a Mazid spit Mazidfire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you likely never will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We could at least try.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what you will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Teach me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know how it works. Come on, I thought we were friends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo, if you open your mouth and blast those Hrks to Shis, I will wash your feet with sweet oil.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any feet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll wash your nubs with the richest sweet oil I can find. I\u8217\'92ll make it myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  Obo smiled, but he still didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t match Mandri\u8217\'92s enthusiasm. He said, \u8220\'93You know that Mazidariga I mentioned earlier?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just wait a moment. It\u8217\'92s going to end me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri was halfway through a frustrated sigh, when a shrill and steady whistle sounded out from the Hrkan column and pierced his thoughts, pushing out all other concerns. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a metallic, tinny tone that quivered like a strandtail\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warble, only it was ten times louder and harsher than any shriek any bird could ever make. That damned sound cut through the rock so clearly that its source might as well have been in the room. For Mandri, it was an ear-splitting pain, but to Obo it was doing something stranger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Mazid had fallen over onto his side and was squirming. His eyes rolled around in their sockets, twitching and turning as if a worm were chewing his ocular nerve. The whistling jumped to a higher pitch and Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole body began to convulse in violent fits. Mandri reached out to keep Obo\u8217\'92s head from thumping against the stone, but Obo\u8217\'92s stomach wretched, his chest heaved, and a dim gray formless ember shot out from his mouth, leaving his body limp and lifeless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The strange light hovered just above Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips for the briefest sPel, and then the whistling shifted its register again, higher still into a pitch reserved for animal spirits, and the gray ember shot right towards Mandri\u8217\'92s head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He ducked and the ember whizzed past his neck, its energy scorching his skin as it went. It zipped on to punch a hole the size of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fist into the rock behind him. Mandri spun around in time to watch it fly up into the air. He lost sight of it for a moment against the bright midday sky, then found it again as it dove towards the distant column of Hrks. As it fell, the whistling fell to a drowning timbre, until, with a flash, the light and the whistling were snuffed out altogether, apparently swallowed by a figure at the head of the Hrkan column\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a figure much shorter than the rest and robed in black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears could recover their tuning, the Hrkan horn of war sounded out again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 BWWWEEEEeeeeoooooooommmm}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The deep bellow shook Mandri out of his skin. Terror welled up in his gut. He could see the column clearly now through his punched out window, and as the Hrks marched they flattened out into a solid square. A command was barked and the soldiers quickened their advance, bracing their white, oblong shields up against the smattering of arrows that was sure to come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Twenty paces later, and Mandri heard the twang of bows and the fluttering phhht of arrow fletchings brushing through the air, rushing high up into the sky. Ten Hrkan paces later, and a flock of black arrows fell upon the hide of that onrushing Hrkan square. Most of these missiles bounced harmlessly away, but some snuck in between the scales, marked here and there by the sudden tumbling of one of the Hrkan number, each followed by a chorus of triumphant yips as several Ayramun took credit all at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 These little victories did nothing to slow the Hrkan advance. Every gap opened by the felling of one soldier was closed in quick-step time, and when, at last, it was clear that they would not scatter and flee, the yips of the Ayramun twisted into stressed appeals for Solraheen\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intervention. The more practical among them sprinted from room to room, trying to find better angled holes to fire upon their target, sometimes crashing into each other, each screaming insults as whole bundles of arrows were split.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb rushed by Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hole, then came back, noticing the fresh new vantage in the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Move out of the way!\u8221\'94 she shouted as she ran in. She kicked Obo\u8217\'92s lifeless body to the side, then squatted down and started firing arrows at the marching men. They were close enough now that their eyes could be clearly seen peering over their shields.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb fired her arrows with ruthless efficiency, but judging by the stream of curses that followed every shot, she was missing her mark. After each twang of her bow, her shooting angle shifted steeper and steeper down to match the Hrkan advance, until at last the white-cloaked Hrks tucked themselves up under Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bulging belly. Seb then grabbed her bow in both hands and snapped it on her knee. She tossed the kindling at Mandri and pulled her dagger, then fled from the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then Mandri heard a noise which froze his body solid.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chink-TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 Mandri wondered aloud.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Chink-TINK.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It sounded like a chisel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked again through the hole in the wall and tried to make sense of the situation. So high up, it was impossible to see directly below. He only caught glimpses of upturned shields, and in the center of each, the gold-eyed Hrkan sun was looking up at him with dumb indifference.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK-TINK-TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The chiseling was getting louder, faster, followed close behind by the roars of Hrkan men possessed by the spirit of battle. Somewhere far below, in Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entrance well, limbs were getting hacked to pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Then came a loud stone-splitting crack and the whole of Minting Rock lurched. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stumbled but caught himself as the sound of crunching rock ran through the floor and ceiling.}
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\pard\plain \tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2794\tx3355\tx3917\tx4478\tx5040\tx5602\tx6163\tx6725\fi720\ri-720\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 CRRRCKKKKkkkk-krrrk-kkkkkk-k}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 All went silent in the wake of this rock-hewn thunder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No shouts of struggle below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 No clash of sword on shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 For a brief, glorious moment, every Sparked body, from man to flea, dropped their troubles and shared the exact same fearish feeling, and this glorious communion might have lasted forever if it weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t split by the tinny sound of another chisel strike on stone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A long, jagged crack exploded into the floor of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s burial chamber as Minting Rock lurched again. The dust of ages shook loose from the ceiling, as if the room above had been hammered by Solraheen\u8217\'92s fist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Obo,\u8221\'94 Mandri said to the glassy-eyed and lifeless Mazid. \u8220\'93Obo, we\u8217\'92d better leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Another jolt shook the room, and the crack in the floor opened wider. Mandri shuffled away just as a thunderous boom sent the crack darting across the whole length of the floor and up the sun-stippled wall, fracturing the chamber in two. With a sudden crunch, the chamber\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s whole left side slid down an inch before coming to a rest on some new fault in the foundation far below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri, fear pulsing wild in his chest, yanked one of the aged corpses out of its resting place and tossed it onto the ground. He then grabbed Obo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s limp body and threw the Mazid into the now unoccupied grave. He pushed Obo as far towards the back as he could, and then he crawled in alongside. The very moment that Mandri tucked in his legs, the opposite wall started to collapse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first thing to go was Moteah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clay oil lamp. It jostled loose from its perch and smashed onto the floor, splashing licks of oil and flame about the room. Then the wall behind it shook, and the seams in the ceiling burst, shooting a jet of smoke into the room, flooding Mandri\u8217\'92s grave with dust, obscuring the air so completely that Mandri could not see the hail of stone come crashing down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What he did see, after wiping the dust from his eyes, was the awesome sight of Minting Rock split in half like a geode.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Before he could even register his shock, the opposite half began to fall away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Haunting screams split the air as those Ayramun stuck on the wrong side of this split-open stone grasped their impending doom. Three men jumped across to Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, but below, a ragged, fear-stricken woman straddled the half-shorn wall of what once was a tunnel. Mandri watched in terror as she rode the undone structure down into a billowing cloud of dust, crying, \u8220\'93Sol! Sol!\u8221\'94 as she went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri closed his eyes against the deafening crash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Solraheen, my god,\u8221\'94 he prayed. It was the start of a daily prayer, but there was nothing in it for he\u8217\'92d long forgotten the rest of the words. He hoped it was the thought that counted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He opened his eyes again, and peered down at the chaos from his blessed perch. The floor was completely gone, and in its place was a hundred foot drop down into a swirl of rust-colored smoke. Beyond that, the bright desert stretched out for forever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A shout rang out below. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a shout of fright. It was a shout of effort, of murder. Mandri watched as the swirling smoke lifted to reveal a swarm of white Hrkan cloaks, some moving amongst the crumble of black rock, some deathly still, and some of those black rocks moved, some jumped out of the structure still left standing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 these were Ayramun in their dark, dusty rags. Once again, the battle was joined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri crept back into his hole\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no clear way to get down, not that he wanted to. He was oddly happy to be stuck up in his high hole. No matter who won down below, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be safe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 TINK-TINK-TINK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Whatever demon had split open Minting Rock was not finished, and this time Mandri could feel the chisel strokes resonate all through the rock around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He curled up in his grave, wrapped his head in his hands and tried to shut out the horror of it, but this was no good, because his sense of equilibrium remained, and it screamed bloody murder as his half of Minting Rock began to tilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first it was only a slight shifting as the rock swayed away from the melee down below. Then a loud clap of snapping stone sounded out, and Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perch swayed precariously back the opposite direction. He scrambled to grab hold of something, to stop himself from spilling out of his hole and into the open air, and just as his hip began to slide, a thunder of faulting joints burst up from below, and a puff of smoke shot up from the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole terrifying thing swayed back away yet again, before settling into an unstable, precipitous tilt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 What was left of Minting Rock dithered there, letting the dread get nice and settled in Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s belly, until, at last, there came a shattering CRACK, and the structure began to fall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri braced himself in that half-shorn tomb as the horizon fell out of the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The whole structure rolled onto its back like a freshly halved melon, and Mandri could do nothing but look to the sky and be helpless. If there were clouds they would have been zipping by, but there was only the atmosphere, that gradient of blue shifting into a deeper blue, and for the first time ever, Mandri noticed that the desert sky is a bluer blue than any other. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have time to wonder why that was, for amid the rush and tumble his sight was swallowed up by a cloud of black-red dust, a suffocating blur of sand and stone. As Mandri began to realize the horror of being buried alive, his rock grave snapped open, and the back of it sprung loose like a tensioned lever, catapulting him into the air. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri flew low above the surface of the earth, and such was his speed that he smashed right through the brambles of a karkle bush before tumbling into a ragdoll skip along the surface of the warm, red-orange sand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When he finally came to a stop, he found himself half buried in a fledgling dune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 And he was alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled himself free from the earth, spat some of it out of his mouth, coughed a bit of dust out of his lungs, then rubbed his eyes open, surprised to see that his scrawny self was still well-put-together. The shoulder which had borne the brunt of impact wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even scratched. There weren\u8217\'92t any bones sticking out, at least. And while the demon bite on his leg was still smarting, Moteah\u8217\'92s poultice was still knotted tight. Everything else was where it was supposed to be, save for his hand. The only thing that truly hurt was the left side of his face, which had bit the sand when he landed. Still, that was nothing. Considering everything, that was nothing. He\u8217\'92d been tossed almost fifty yards and was no worse for wear. Meanwhile, what was left of Minting Rock had collapsed into a heap of rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a miracle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 It was a miracle coming after a string of miracles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 By rights he should be dead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dead three times over. In Meskalim, Salavan had choked him to death, and he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d come back from that. He\u8217\'92d been chewed up by a demon, and he just so happened to be traveling with a woman who knew how to cure it. And now he\u8217\'92d survived a fall from a height that should have squashed him flat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Yet here he was, alive and breathing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wild.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He looked up at the bright blue sky and blinked at the sun, and he felt, in that blessed moment, that he was staring into the Spark of Solraheen Himself. Perhaps this rapture would have drawn out a word of praise, and he might have become, then and there, the most devout of all possible men, but it was not to be, for a Hrkan Skulsi was creeping up behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Die, you rangy lizard!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri turned and saw a mustachioed man in a sparkling white robe running at him with his blade drawn high. Despite the look of fury and rage twisting this soldier\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, Mandri wasn\u8217\'92t frightened. Actually, he felt a confidence brewing. If he was supposed to be dead three times over, then what was a fourth?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He held up his hands and shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I surrender!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soldier stopped his sprint and seemed pleased to hear it. A proud curve swelled in his chest, and he stomped over to where Mandri knelt. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My luck I should catch a coward,\u8221\'94 he said. He held his shining iron sword towards Mandri\u8217\'92s neck and beckoned with its tip for Mandri to stand up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri stood up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walk,\u8221\'94 said the soldier, and he pointed with his sword in the desired direction, towards a detachment of white cloaked soldiers standing some thirty yards away from the cloud of Minting Rock\u8217\'92s still seething rubble. Those Hrks stood shoulder to shoulder, watching the throes of Minting Rock as if it were something they\u8217\'92d seen ten times before, and perhaps they had. They were big, bearded men, veterans of many battles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri winced as his captor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sword prodded the small of his back, and he walked towards the Hrkan line. The squealing stone of Minting Rock settled into its final resting place, giving Mandri\u8217\'92s still-stunned hearing the chance to pick out the clamor of battle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 breathless shouts of fury, metal clanging against metal, a staccato burst of excited yips, punctuated by a twist of agony.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The first actual figure to pop out of that lifting smoke was Moto. Of course, the Zosan of all people should survive. He crouched atop a tall, slanted chunk of former floor, and with one hand he steadied himself, and with his sword he deftly waved off three Hrkan blades swiping at his ankles. Then Moteah came scrambling out from a hole in the nearby rubble, and as soon as she came she disappeared back into the swirling cloud of dust. Two Hrkan cloaks chased after her, but both came to a sudden, fluttering stop after something swung out of the dust and slammed into both their chests at once\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a bone-crunching WHUMP.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The two men collapsed to the ground, and standing over them was Ayram.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant was so caked in dust that he looked like a creature borne from the Sand. The upper part of his black robe was hanging in tatters over his waistband like it were half-molted skin, and his long black hair, freed from his headwrap, was sweeping his shoulders clean as he twirled his blackened iron spear like it were a reed. He slammed it down and smashed its knobby end right through the skull of one of the fallen Hrks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The blood-crunch was so loud and gruesome that Mandri almost tripped on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The three Hrkan men who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been hassling Moto turned their pestering swords towards the giant. These men screamed curses at Ayram, this giant who\u8217\'92d slain their comrade with such brutal indifference. Ayram charged them, swung his spear in a swooping arc, and that famed Skulsi discipline went to Shis as the iron crunched through the first Hrk\u8217\'92s shield. In a blur, the chisel-head swung round and sliced right through the face of another Hrk. The final hapless soldier charged and stabbed, but such was Ayram\u8217\'92s speed that his iron spear was around again in time to brush the sword right out of the Skulsi\u8217\'92s hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man backed away in fright. He picked up a rock and threw it at Ayram\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head, and before Mandri could see how Ayram dealt with it, he felt another sharp prodding in his back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get a move on!\u8221\'94 his captor shouted. The man was unconcerned about his comrade\u8217\'92s plight. He was more interested in getting Mandri to the Hrkan line. So impatient was he, that he took Mandri by the wrist, upped the pace to a jog, and yanked a howling Mandri along behind, for though Moteah\u8217\'92s poultice was a soothing balm, the demon-bitten leg wasn\u8217\'92t capable of handling a run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 After much fumbling and stumbling, they reached the Hrkan detachment and Mandri was thrown down to the sand. His captor set the cold edge of his blade on the back of Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck to keep his head bowed in supplication. The man then pounded his chest twice, the standard Hrkan salute, and with the snap of a well-drilled soldier he declared, \u8220\'93My sirs, I\u8217\'92ve found another skulking bandit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri overcame the fear of the blade pressing against his neck to peep at the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91sirs\u8217\'92 this soldier was referring to, and he was stunned to see that standing in front of him was a child, a boy, robed in black. Mandri stole a second glance and realized that it was not a boy, but a creature, white and hairless underneath its robes, just like Obo. It was so short that Mandri, kneeling, met him eye to bloodshot eye. Shielding this creature\u8217\'92s nose and mouth was a smooth iron plate riveted onto a leather band that was strapped tight around its head. It was a strange sort of muzzle, with only a small beveled hole for sipping air, and, Mandri presumed, for whistling, for no doubt this was the Mazidariga who had whistled Obo\u8217\'92s pseudospark into its own stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This Riga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were a child\u8217\'92s eyes, large and curious, yet their whites were so red that their edges were weeping blood, and worse still, the creature seemed unbothered by it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Next to this Riga child was a short bald man clad in the gray-blue robes of a Hrkan scribe. All the fat on this man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body seemed to have settled in his face, giving him a curiously large head for his diminutive frame. It was such an incongruity, and scribes were such venal creatures, that Mandri wondered if this man had bribed some youth for the use of their body. It was either that, or he, next to this Mazidariga, was a fleshcrafted work of the Hrkan Lords.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 This scribe did not look at all pleased to see Mandri. No scribe ever was, for scribes of rank were learned men of acquired power, and they kept their silver sunrose brooches bright and blinding. They put so much effort into setting themselves apart that they could sense when someone didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t appreciate them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The man looked down at Mandri, and with plain derision in his voice he said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another coward lurking in the rubble. And look\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s missing a hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Riga child coughed, as if clearing his throat of sores, then said through its muffling mask, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Mazid\u8217\'92s smell is on him.\u8221\'94 There was no hint of menace in the child\u8217\'92s words\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was merely a statement of fact. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 said the scribe, thoughtfully. He turned to address the soldier who\u8217\'92d captured Mandri. \u8220\'93The young master told you to fetch the Mazid\u8217\'92s body, not some outland poke playing at a Mazid\u8217\'92s Minder.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes sir. Yes, sirs.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The soldier saluted again, then ran back towards the rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you,\u8221\'94 the scribe said to Mandri, \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t suppose I\u8217\'92ll find your hand in the Mazid\u8217\'92s body, will I? You\u8217\'92ve committed a grave desecration. The Law affords you an opportunity to repent of your crimes, but I don\u8217\'92t suppose you\u8217\'92ll take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I, uh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very well,\u8221\'94 the scribe said without giving Mandri a chance to finish the thought. \u8220\'93You shall be delivered to the nearest Lord and sold into slavery. Someone take him away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on!\u8221\'94 Mandri whined. \u8220\'93Now, hold on. I haven\u8217\'92t done anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you haven\u8217\'92t, have you?\u8221\'94 the scribe said, clearly amused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m an honest Jandri man,\u8221\'94 said Mandri. \u8220\'93The people in that rock stole me outside of Meskalim three days ago. I am their prisoner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A prisoner?\u8221\'94 The scribe said, and his incredulity slid naturally into a skeptical, chubby-cheeked chortle. The man then leaned over to address the Mazidariga to ensure the child had the correct interpretation of Mandri\u8217\'92s words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is what we call outland bluster. He is no doubt an outlaw like the rest of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is he?\u8221\'94 the Riga croaked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed he is. He is a liar. We shall keep him along with the other liar so they may be dealt the liar\u8217\'92s punishment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe nodded to a nearby soldier, who then dragged Mandri to his feet and led him behind the Hrkan line to where Seb was being held. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Seb was so caked in the dust of Minting Rock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s collapse that she looked like a mangled root just dug up from the earth. Though her frown was unreal, she looked surprised to see Mandri. She did not speak a word of acknowledgment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right then,\u8221\'94 said the scribe. \u8220\'93Time to clean this mess up.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The Hrkan horn sounded out and the soldiers lurched forwards into a ridiculous march, a heel-stomping strut, and they looked proud to do it, as if the Hrkan Lords themselves were watching. The scribe and Mazidariga walked in front, while both Mandri and Seb were forced at sword point to keep close behind. Soon the Hrkan soldiers came to a halt and spread out into a skirmishing line, giving Mandri a clean view of the corpse of Minting Rock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The structure, having split in two and fallen apart, now formed two halves of an impromptu arena, with the rubble on either side rising step-like into the air, complete with dead spectators oozing out between the cracks of pancaked floors. Staged on the arena below was the giant Ayram. He stood resolute with four dead Hrks at his feet, one with his nose smashed flat against his skull, another with his face opened up completely. It seemed that Ayram had the beautician\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impulse for rearrangement, as well as a madman\u8217\'92s taste\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he seemed to believe that a man\u8217\'92s face was more pleasing to the eye if it were parted down the middle and hanging down around the shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Behind Ayram, crouching up on rocks like black-scratchers fleeing an incoming tide, were three of his band\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Moto, the old witch Elrahet, and Moteah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe stepped forth to address them all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The battle is over,\u8221\'94 he said, projecting a firm and commanding tone. \u8220\'93Lay down your weapons and submit yourselves to the Law.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe clearly bore no actual expectation that the Ayramun would surrender. This was a formality, and formalities were honored because formality was what separated civilized men from the animals. The difference between a slaughter and the exercise of justice was whether or not it was preceded by an announcement. If one announces what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to do, whatever happens next is the victim\u8217\'92s fault. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe rolled his shoulders back, puffed out his chest and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since you have chosen life outside of the natural laws which govern all mankind, you will be dealt with according to the law of beasts. You shall be captured and sold in the court of the Great Lord Hababeen. If you persist in your barbarity, we shall undress your weight with a dull blade and feed your trimmings to pigs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chubby cheeks spread into a frown, as if he weren\u8217\'92t pleased to be issuing his threat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was also a formality. Mandri had met his fair share of scribes assigned to posts in the Sand, and to a man they were all perverted. The strange bureaucracy that surrounds the culling of outland folk attracts them, and the closer they held to the letter of the law, the more perverse was the performance, and the more satisfaction they got from pulling out the pokes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe motioned for both Mandri and Seb to be brought to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Toss your weapon onto the ground,\u8221\'94 he said to Ayram, \u8220\'93Or all of you shall be carved to the bone, beginning with these two skulking cowards.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram planted the chisel-tip of his giant iron spear into the sand, but he did not loosen his grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe grabbed Mandri by the scruff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let it be known that the course of law was offered and was rejected.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He pulled a short knife from his robe and raised it up so all could see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I say one last time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 toss your weapon! The light of the law demands it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 He lowered the knife to meet Mandri\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram looked like an ancient outland idol cloaked in the dust of untamed earth and anointed with the blood of weaker creatures. Mandri watched with bated breath as this wildman decided whether or not to surrender to a frail-backed, skinny-fat scribe. Yes, there were Skulsi here too, but never in all the turns of the world could such a man surrender to such a man.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri felt an urge to do something to save his neck, and this desperate urge was overwhelming, it clawed itself out of his stomach regardless of whether or not it was welcome in the world. He squirmed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he knew not why but he squirmed under the scribe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s firm grip. He could feel the man\u8217\'92s fingers sense his desperation. Mandri squirmed, and he was so unused to this urge\u8217\'92s working on him that it passed through him all too easily, too quickly, so that instead of coiling him up and unleashing a twist of fury, what came out of his body was a sneeze\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sneeze with snot and spittle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it came bursting out to fleck the knife and hand of the Hrkan scribe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 ACHOO!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe recoiled in horror at the sight of the flag of snot dripping down the meat of his thumb. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You disgusting poke!\u8221\'94 he screamed. He made to wipe it off on Mandri\u8217\'92s robe, but before he could, Ayram\u8217\'92s spear slammed into his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The scribe was thrown back by force. A rasping howl issued from his throat as the spear slid halfway through him and pinned him to the sand like a skewered pig.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram had thrown the damn thing. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d thrown it over thirty yards and hit his target square in the chest. And he wasn\u8217\'92t done\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he sprinted towards the Hrkan line, roaring like the beast the scribe had named him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The white cloaked Skulsi closed rank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Mandri didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to expect next, but it certainly wasn\u8217\'92t the sight of Ayram leaping over the line of swinging Hrkan swords. The giant came tumbling down behind them and rolled into a run. Five strides later he was standing over the scribe\u8217\'92s corpse. He reclaimed his spear. From there, he turned on the converging Hrkan Skulsi and swung.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ayram wielded his spear as efficiently as Mandri could handle a brush\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tight economy of strokes. Twenty-something Hrkan men he had to kill, Hrkan Skulsi no less, veterans of battles with bulging calves from all the marching, with manly beards and mule-kicked brows, faces to fear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how many swings of a spear should it take to bring down such a number? Surely the giant would have to waste a twirl or two to parry the swarm of blows arrayed against him. Fifty? If not fifty, then twenty? Mandri might have believed twenty if someone had told him the story secondhand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 His disbelieving eyes counted ten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Ten strokes to kill at least twenty hardscrabble soldiers. Ten powerful strokes. And it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like Mandri would do in a portrait, where he\u8217\'92d make mistakes and wipe them away until he got it right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no room for error here, every sweeping stroke was deliberate and precise. Every swing had to solve at least two problems at once. Truly, these bloody, gut-ripping marks were the marks of genius. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 When it was over, Mandri wondered why any of it was necessary in the first place. It seemed Ayram could slaughter the world and none would stop him. But when the last white cloak fell, Ayram dropped to his knees. There was a long bloody gash running down his ribs. He had not been perfect, if perfection was such a thing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 The giant drew a shaky breath and called for Moto. Moto came running, and as he approached he offered aid, but shooed him away and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kill the rat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 At first, Mandri thought Ayram was talking about him, then he thought Ayram was referring to Seb. Then Moto went sprinting past them both to chase after the Mazidariga child, who was running away into the empty desert, running as fast as his little legs could carry him.}}